TO THAT SORT OF DISCRIMINATING YOUNG MAN WHO SEEKS SOME-
THING VERY NEW, THESE ASSORTMENTS OF NEW SUITS SHOULD APPEAL

I oe a TT a TT a a

IN NO UNCERTAIN WAY.
ya
THERE IS STYLE IN EVERY LINE OF EVERY SUIT, BUT QUALITY HAS
NOT BEEN DISREGARDED THAT STYLE MIGHT COVER IT UP.

HERE: ARE STYLES WITH SLENDER BODY LINES—THE HIGH-WAISTED
EFFECES, THE SMART WAIST LINE STYLES AND DOUBLE-BREASTED
STYLES. :

THESE SUITS ARE CAREFULLY TAILORED, CAREFULLY FINISHED, OF
FABRICS IN THE NEWEST PATTERNS AT

$35 - $38 - $40 -

feeble bed fede fede fndeofefeferfe ere enfeferfe fen fenfede

ZZ
) : $ 2A” STTHOMAS,
HAMILTON, : OWEN 50UND,

LoNDOw;' '* PETERBORO,"
i) J

. CHAIN STORES

SV Nel po) oo QV-N oR) [eo] =
HAMILTON, ONT.

THOS.BRYDEN,MNGR. WINDSOR STORE 17 SANDWICH ST.E.

SN “FLORENCE AUTOMATIC’
a BME. . OIL COOK STOVES

AVE a cool kitchen this

L A summer—save yourself the

labor of ‘attending to a coal or -

wood fire—use the cheapest of
fuels—kerosene. - 5

And don’t bother with wicks or

slow heating burners, v

os

3
st
+
oP
3
Ly
-
oe
ob
oe
of
EX
ob
oo
+
3
2
+
oe
I
+
we
2
3
3
of |v
oJ
3
3
oe
¥
x
J
oe
ode

{ishould.

The annual meeting of the Mission
Band was held on-Saturday afternoon
of last week at the parsonage, Mrs,
Snell presiding, The treasurer's re-
port showed $23.20 raised and sent
to Branch Treasurer. The following
officers were elected: President, Mil-
dred Sellars; Vice-Pres., Ena Bailey;
Rec. Sec, Katlo Sellars; Cor. Sec,
Byelyn Sellars; Treasurer, Keltha
Waters; Organist, Alva Countess;
‘Supt. Palm Branch, Beatrice Laramie;
Supt. Mite Boxes, Marfan Countess;
Band Leader, Miss Bthelwyn Bratt,
After business was concluded an Fast-
er program was rendered and a letter
trom Miss Courtice, of Japan Vas
rind. A socal half hour wus enjoyed
lv all.

The Red Cross Circle met on Tues-
day afternoon when the | following
artbles were packed for shipment to
the Navy League: 7 sleeveless sweat
ers, 'I¥ scarves, 4 pairs socks and 1
amputition sock. A hearty vote of
thanks was sent to the Victory Loan
canvassers who so generously sent
a cheque for ‘heir commission as a
donation to the society. A social will
be given at the home of Mrs, Alfred
Bratt May 21st. when the beautiful
silk quilt given by Mrs. ‘Sylvester
Brush will be soil by auction, Full
particulars later.

—

TOWN uF ESSEX.

Frank Potter, who has been tmploy-
ed the past few sears with R. B,
Pinkerton on his fm fn Colchester
North; left last week with his family
for Walpole, Sasky where he will en-
gage In farming,

W. A. Donahue, faomerly of Essex,
who had his leg amputatel above the
knee a couple of maths ago, on ac-
count of wounds received while
serving , with the Irincess Pats in
France, is recovering slowly from the
operation. He is at lils sister's home
in Hamilton.

Some more real esnte changes took
place in Essex last week. A. Detwiler
has purchased R. Sonley's 1ouse and
lot on Irwin avenue for $1175, and
Bert Taylor has purchased James
Robinson house and lot on the same
street for $2,000. The foumer will
move to his, property shortly, as will
also Mr. Taylor, who i8 nov occupy-
Ing Fred. Gllboe's property or Victorip
street. Mr. Gilboe,” who has heen Iiv-
ing in Vancouver, B,C., the jast year,
will move back to Essex
next few weeks,

E. W. Durnin, B.A., princijal of the
Essex High school, who lel on the
17th ult. to spend his Baster vacation
in the enst, surprised his fiends in
town by returning on Sunday with a
Nottie

within the

bride, who was formerly Mis
H. Barton, daughter of Mr.
G. E. Barton, of Vankleak Hil, Pres-

cott county, Ont. The ceremmy was

performed a the hride's parental nme

on Wednesday of last week by Rev.

C. A, Ferguson, in the = presence of
only immediate relatlves and friends.

They were unattended. Mr. and Mrs.

Durnin will receive a cordial welcome
from the peoplé of ‘Essex; who! will

unite in wishing them muchhapgphess, |
in which The Echo joins. i

GOSFIELD SOUTH.

Concerning the death of the late
Pte. Wilfrid Laune,,son of Mr. and Mrs. |
G. Lane, of “Ruthven, ‘who went to
Siberia, with the Canadian forces, Mrs.
Lane last week received a latter from
the medical officer In ‘charge. inform-
ing her that Wilfrid died in the hos-
pital at Hong Kong. and was buried |
in the cemetery there, Whilé he had
been {II at Viadivostéck, he har’ de-
covered from same, and was able to
leave on the ship. , The second day
fromy_ Viadivostosk, he®developed in-
fluenza, wliich "was followed by pneu-
monia. “Shree days after his entry
in the hdspital at Hong Kong,’ “hed

i

aud Mrs. |*

I" frontier

 

passed away,
i

GENERAL DEBILITY |
FOLLOWS vA

Health Can Only be Restored
Through the Use of a Blood-

\ Making Tonic.
Debility is a loss of vitality
affecting any one part of the

particularly, but the system. general
ly. It is dangerous because ft re-

not |

ease, When debllity follow acute
diseases, convalescence is slow, and
gna's strength does not return as ft
An’ attack of influenza often
results in debility that persists for
months. Bverybody recognizes that
the remedy for debility is to build up
the blood, becanse the blood goes to
every part of the body, and any im-
provement in its condition is quickly
felt throughout the system.

In" cases of simple anaemia, or de-
bility following acute diseases such
as fevers and influenza, Dr. Williams’
Pink Pills will be found valuable, be-
cause they really build up the blood
and strengthen the nerves. There is
no’ other medicine as vaoable for
growing’ children, and for men and
women whose nervous energy has
been overdrawn. They are worth a
fair trial In every case where thin
blood and weak nerves have started
the trouble, The" value of Dr. Wil
liams’ Pink Pills has’ been proved in
the home of Mra. John Fram, Owen
Sound, who says: “My daughter
Mabel was troubled with" a bad
cought she was pale, weak and her

body |

‘duces the body's resistance to is

THE RACES OF EUROPE.

Quarrelsome Families Now Attending
Peace Conference, ‘

The American National Geographic
Soclety, in a news bulletin, gives n
general survey of the chief racial
groups of Wurbpe, an understanding
of which is necessary in order to fol-
low intelligently the peice parleys
now taking place In Paris, This bul-
letin is bared upon a conununication
from Dr, Edwin A. Grosvenor. - It
saya:

“The number of distinct human
Broups or races Is variously estimat-
ed from the three, Japhetie, Semitic
and Hamitip® of the Bible, or the
three, Caucasian, Mongol and Negro,
of Cuvier, to the 11 of Pickering
and the gixteen af Desmoulins, The
¢stimate in 1781 by Dr, Blumenbagh.
the father of anthropology, has -beat
withstood the atwcks of time. He
finds five races—Caucasiyf, Mongo-
lizn, Ethiopian, American and Malay,

‘Twe maxi divisions are ut nice
recognized among the Caucasis a, de-
slgnated as the Indo- opean ol
Japhetic and the Syro-Arab or Semi-
tie. Indo-European indicates the bo-
lief that Europeans ennie. from ihe
basin of ®*he Ind ro-Arab means
originating ‘in S nd "Arabia.

“The Indo- an Includes
eight branches ¢ . These gyn:
In Asia, the /
din, the
the lant
Iranians from
“Iran where they
In Europe, the Gre
Teutons, or.Germa
.. “Common
Broups ag ric ) properly we sg
of the Celtic race or the Slavie
or of (he ry asof Europe. In
of the tim
Greeks and Latins
nearness of thelr ldnguy
are denoted as of th
rou
C 5 YNooy aus terms

“The great ma) y of the peoples
who 11 invade and wlion
descendants are 1
long to the Indo
addition, about 000 perse
or one-fifteenth of the inlnbita Df
Europe, are Finno-Ugrians and
Turks, menibers Altale
branch of the Mongoli
the rest, except the Je
and Saracens (Syro-/
sibly, except the Basques;
Indo-European stock.

“Ural-Altalan comprehends peo-
ples found ~betvsw:n the Altai ond
Ural mountains. . Finno-Ugrinh is
specific of a western, group of Ural-
Altaiang. The term {8 derived from
Finn and Ugra, the“region on both
sides of the Urals.

“The various routes of migration
into Europe, the later wanderings of
the immigrants, and.thelr constant
relocations, may be directly 1 1
to geographic causes, of which
mountain system, the river
plains had a determinative part, The
backbone and dominant factoy of the
ontinent is the- Alps,

“In the Alps are the fountain
heads »f the Rhone, Rhine and Po,
and In the outspurs.rise the Loire,
Seine, Mexse, Elbe, Oder, Vistula and
Danube. These rivers have each lim-
ited or determined the wanderings of
peoples, the march of armies] and
the boundaries of states. The Danube
was a natural and Jdnevitable we
ward“ readway of pastoral peoples
from Asia.

“A line drawn from the month of*
the Pruth to the mouth of the +

30,01

{ men, and thence prolonged "

the Baltic and Gulf. of Bothnia >
sources jof the Torne EI in Scandi
navia, “gives an approximation -of
real or historic Europe's eastern
and extent. West of that
line and north of the Alpine system,
an enormous plain, broken only by
the watersheds of its rivers, extends
ta the North Sea,

“When the “Christian” ¢rfis began,
all that plain was covered by forests
except the marshlands in rhe east.
That plain, as well as Scandinavia,
peopled almost” wholly “by Teutens,
was sometimes called Germania.
Bast of that line was agother still
more enormous plain, Satmatia, the
home of the Slavs, d@ race almost un-
known. Theg Alps, northern Italy, a
part of Spain, France and the British
Islands were Inhabited by Celts. The
centres of the Greco-Latins were
Greece and Italy.

“Thus, at the time ‘of Christ the
Alps are the signpost of Europe,
roughly pointing out where the races
are to be found: herth of the Alps,
tho Teutons; south of the Alps, the
Oreao-Eatins; in the Alps and to the
west, sthe Celts; far east of the Alps,
ligfle affected by them, and therefore
little Influenced by Europe and. of
as- little influence in it, the Slagg
and the Finno-Ugrians.”

For Good Luck.

A newly mavtied pair had escaped
from their demonstrative friends and
were on the way to the station, when
the carriage stopped. The  bride-
groom looked out of the window im-
patiently. “What's the matter,
driver?” he called. “The horse has
cast a shoe, sir,” was the reply,
“Great Scott!” groaned the ‘bide.
groom, “oven the horse!”

National Traits.

The Archbishop of Canterjypy
onse described the characteristics of
the English, the Welsh gnq (he
Scotch. "The Englishman,” gafd the
archbishop, “takes oeveryWlere with
him — hia beer, his Ia(h and his
bible. The Scotchman keeps the Sab-
bath and everything qke he can lay
his hands on. The Velshman prays
on his knees on Sinday and on his
neighbors the res! of the week,”

INFLUENZA—|  coserito ours,

WINTER COLDS— “|

BAD BLOOD

You are pale, thin, weak—with little
vitality. Your liver is sluggish and the
bad blood causes your stomach muscles
to lose their elasticity and become flab=
by and weak—then indigestion.

Doctor Pierce's Golden Medical Dis
covery, made from wild roots and barks,
and free from alcohol or narcotics, is
the great and powerful blood purifier of
to-day. Ingredients printed on wrapper.
This tonic, in liquid or tablet form, is
just what you:need to give you vim,
vigor and vitality.

Take it as directed and it will search
out impure and ‘poisonous matter
throughout the system and eliminate it
through the natural channels,

You can procure a trial package by
sending 10 cents to Dr, Pierce's Invalids’
Hotel, Buffalo, N. Y. > !

SINTALUTA, SASK.—"L have taken Dr.
Plerce's Golden Medical Discovery for
ver trouble, and found-it excellent, and
would not be withont it. I suffered from
congestion of the liver abont six yoars ago
and I always say that this Noa cured
me. I hava also given It to my family for
colds and it cured them in a very short
time. We must haye had about Heid
bottles of the ‘Golden Medical Discov-
ery.’ "—Mns. Exoon MrrcueLr, Box 120,

KITCHENER, ONT.—" I had become. all
run-down, was weak and nervous.’ My
blood wus bad also. I took the ‘Golden |
Medical Discovery’ and was completely
restored to good “health. I am always
recommending this medicine to my. friends, |
many of whom have had equally as good

results.” Mes. Eri. KETTYLE, 61 Brefth-
aupt Street.

KINGSVILLE.

The monthly meeting of the W, G
T. U. was held on Friday at the home
ol Mrs, Alex. Minnis with an| encour
aging attendance, the president In the
chair. In the absence of Mrs. J. B.
Kennedy, Mrs. E.. C. Gosnell led the
devotionill exercises in a very inspir
ing manner from«6th chapter of Isaiah,

Cottam.
Pte. Arthur Cootes, who went over.
seas with the medical unit of the 99th
Battalion, and was connected with No.
2 General Hospital at Letreport for
over two years past, returned with the
other members of the unit on the Bel-
gle last week, but when he reached
Halifax, was quite fll with a heavy
cold, and was placed fn the hospital
for treatment, He will likely be home,
In a few days. When he enlisted, Pto,
Cootes lived at Chas. Dornton's.—Pte,
Lewis Clark, who went overseas with
the 99th Battalion, réturned home on
Saturday last. Pte. Clark went over
with the Medical Corps of the bat~
talion under Dr. Brien, and on the
breaking up of the battalion in Eng-
land, was assigned to the C. A. M. C,,
und went to France, being ‘stationed
with No. 2 General hospital at Letre-
port tll the armistice was signed. Ptes
Clark is in fine condition to take
charge of the Cottam baseball team
for the season.—The following fs the
financial statement of Trinity church,
as, submitted by the wardens at the
vestry meeting on Monday of last
week: Recelpts—Cash on hand
last’ report $205.97, received by sub-
scriptions $340.50, received for mis-
gions $80.72, special offerings $85.95,
gencral offerings $72.21, ether sources
$56.42, total $841.77. Expenditures—
Rev. H, Mitlar 3550s missions $84.60,
special purposes $2585, miscellaneous
$61.42, cash on hand $130, total $841.77.
—At a'meating of the congregation of
the Cottam Methodist church in the
church on Monday evening, Mrs, B.
Finnie (nee Erie Hawkes) was pre-
sented with pg set’ of silverware—
knives, forks and -spoons—on ‘behalf
of the church and Sunday school. The
address was made by Rev. C. C. Kafno
and the presentation made by Mrs. A.
Gamigon. Mrs, Finnle was organist
fo: the chure!! and Sunday achool. for
shout four yesrs past, and the pre-
gentation was made as a token of the. .
aporeziation of the conmregation for
ker services in the past. —Sargt,
Percy Bowers, who went overseas
with the 99th Battallon in June, 1916,
returned home on Friday last, ~ Sgrgt.
Bowers was assigned to the 36th Re-
attalion in England when the

99th was broken up, and then to the
6th Battalion, going to France March
Ist, 1917. He remained In France
with that Battalion till the armistice

showing when the-prapliet caught the | Was signed, and though taking part In
vision it led him on to service. From |#eY¢Tal engagements. and being in the
the treasurer's . report it was very front line trenches most of the time,
rratifylng to léarn that through the [03ciped without being either gassed
combined efforts of a number of the |r Woundéil—Corbett T. Queen met
members the objective of $25 has been’| Wi: a serlcus accident on Friday
reached for the building of the ad-[€VenIng last, by wich he will partially
dition of Willard Hall in Toronto, a |l0Fe the sight of his left eye. He wus
residence for young women, and any [{r¥ing to drive a nal in the. cefling of
who may be sojourning in the city for the store on which to hang a bunch of
atime, 1t is earnestly hoped that bananas, when thie hammer struck the
more, of the members of the Union |M2il a.glancing blow with the result
will Decome interested in this resi. |that he nail flew off and strdck him in
that the nai) flew off and struck him in
was rgmoved at once to Hotel Dien
hospital, where hig received treatment.

dence in every sense of the word, as it
stands a heautiful\ memgrial. to the
lady who did so much pioneering In

the cause of temperance, Y %
Jority of the members have contributs lose the sight completely, but he fs

ed fifteen cents ‘ench towards "Tjd- making such Progress that it Is now
ings,” as requested by the Provindial|hoped to save the sight, partially at
Executive. A splendid educatfonal ex- [!e88t." He {5 still in the hospital.

erclse was conducted by the President | debs dededop ides boededessdes defers dede fe
bearing on mathods "of work, and as| +
tempe » legislation will ho a part | WHY CANADA MUST
of reco tion, the referendum will | FINANCE HERSELF
2 an opportunity “fer the women to |
8s their opinions at the poll for|% Canada must finance herself,
first time, and getting acquaint + If for no other reason. than that
I activities ‘of the liquor { are great majority of countries
ry. woman 21: years of thats formerly invested annually
and over, being a British subject by millions of dollars abroad, have
birth or naturalization. who {8.a resi forbidden the'use of money for
dent of Ontario will be entitled to vote such purpofies, until their domes-
If her name 18 on the voters’ list, and tie demands! for capital have
It will be necessary for her to see that bean satisfied.
her name 15 on the list when'it comes In the British House of Com-
oul—and sarely -eveyy woman will mons recently; the Chancellor
realize her prigflege amd, power when of the Exchequer said that as
the voting timé comes, Each mem |"§ longsag: domestic demands for 4
ber present took part Tn the exeriese new capital, bothefor trade and, 4
with manifest jnterest, industry and for natioual pur-
poses wert so pressing, he*did
not think it would Le safe to
remove restrictions“ upon¥inyest-
ments outside the United King-
dom,

By providing a means where.
by- people may gave even the
smallest sums, War Savings
Stamps help Chnada to finance
herself, for they gather Up and
place at the service of the na-

—

The Ark a True Type.

Perhaps the tracing of .the story
of the hook of Genesis IS the true
fascination that Mesopotamia has for
those who have time ‘to’ read,- +The
great boats of the Buphrates have
the identleml lines of the toy ark
hat can be bought fn any toy shop. |
Where a pent roof has been added tion" the savings’ of the people.
for our purposes, thg two are one in Money thus Invested is absolute-
shape. © A Euphratés #bellum’ sar- b 2 ly safe and it pays well.

ranged as a’siek’ barge is the toy ark . % W 3 :
of. childhood.” Is that toy ark an | %diidedddiddupdebdebd ddd!

authentic tradition in its shape? It y
SOUTH “WOODSLEE.

is almost certain to be. The Eu-
phrates boats are pitched inside and
out with pitch, as was thatark. In
these same bellums, some as large as [ized Tuesday morning of Inst week at
70 tons, we maydind British batteries 19.30 o'clock, when Miss Gertrude Me-
sailing the Euphrates, and a modified | Donald, daughter of Mrs. James Me-
menagerie could easily walk on |Donald, of Windsor, and Simon
board. One more suggestion of. the | Byrne. son of John Byrne, of Byrne-
top shop tradition strikes the casual |dale, were united In marriage in St. °
observer. THe tribes people from | Alphonsus’ church, Windsor. The bride
the hills who work on the Tigris and | wore a modish suit of Eray, grey shoes
Euphrates wear high black felt hats, and chapeau of pink georgette, Miss
a topper. without a brim. Are Mr. |attendants were : bridesmafd, Miss
and Mrs. Noah really correctly [Kathleen McDonald, sister of the
dressed 7% bride, and groomsman, John Byrne,
Then on top of the discovery of |brother of the groom. After a hort trip
the ark comes the more’serious read="| east the young couple will be at home
ing of a parallel version of the Bible [in the groom's farm at Maidstone,
story of the food found in the cunei- | near hére, .
form in Layard’s tablets from the James LeFave, died here on Wed-
Royal Library of Ashurbanipal at |nesday of last week at the Age of 65
Ninevah, copied or collected possibly years. He had been a life-long resi-=
from Sargon’'s library at Aecade or [dent of Rochester township, Besides
Erech, older than Ashurbanipal by fa widow he leaves eight children,
perhaps 1,800 years, Were the stor-‘fJames and John, of Windsor; Blaise,
fes of Genesis the household stories | William, Stanley and George, at-home;
of Chaldea 4,000 years ago? It would | Mrs. Dupuis, of Windsor, and Maude,
seem 80, when from Babylon i8 un- [at home. Rev. Fr. Ford officiated and
earthed a seal with the representa- [interment was in the Catholic cemes:
tion of the Temptation, Adam and |tery. Sa,
Eve, the Serpent and the Apple Tree.

db

slo sdeck dob bobobb bb ddd deb ebedtob ch desde shod b deb bob

Fir bebbob iid

+

fered a stroke and lngered uncon-}

»
Micerly. Wedding, Foc, scious for“almost n week. He leaves

IE AU ES

x

Ny

i

Thomas Padsley, gade 72 years, :
died Thursday of last week. He suf.

The. ma- | Jt” Was at first feared that he would

An attractive wedding was solemn- =

Let us show you this fine cook appetite’ wns very poor, indeed I fear- § How © G3 A. story Mustiating. the miserltc

x ; stove in actual operation.
Sold by W.H. JONES

_Amherstburg

ed that she was going into a decline.
A friend advised the use of Dr, Wil-
llama’ Pink Pills and after taking
eight boxes she was again enjoying
the best of health. Again ‘last aut-
umn Spanish. ipfluenza attacked our
home, and after the acute 8
were past, both mysell and another |
daughter were left veéry : much run
down. My daughter was 80 weak
that she could mot walk to'school and
would tremble when she upon her
(feet. 1 was 80 jk myr that I

ptoms |

Lawyer (to handsome female de-
fendant)—Sob a wholé 1st, buy shed
no tears. Nothing will prefudico a
Jury against you like n igg. sive and
watery eyes. ¢

Anniversary of McGill.

The 175th anniversary of (a
birth of James McGill will be cele-
brated next autumn by McGill Uni-
versity, of which he was the founder.

ness of some wedding fees was told
by a certain clergyman with a sense
of humor: There came to his home
one day a woman who inquired whé-'
ther he had performed the marriage
cerem for a gentleman by the
nimé of X. He examined his re-

twa sons, Frank and Thomas, at home,
and one daughter, Mrs. Jones. His
wife" predeceased him thirteen y =

ago. Rev. CL. Couzens officiated at :

the funeral, held last Saturday, with
interment in thd old North Woddsles

‘Methodist cemetery.

cords and reported “Yes.” She took
him to k, saying, tho fellow was
anaq to her daughter and that he |
Jilted Ger. pr. Chialfant left the room [ij
and came Sox and handed her am’
envelope Ghytajning a handkerchief, {4

could not do wm il. fhe w The first submarine cable was laid

Hi IE & ¥

= 0! loy ‘lost one |we resorted )
of a ar pce onsive | Pills, and in ye  tqo)
citizens’ in the person of Duncan |boxes, when we all
Camphb Mr. Campbell had been in [we had been. 1
poor hi for pver & year, from heart | health than I am
‘trouble, and. for the _of | able again to do my

months had Jeehicondnsd © {our experience #t is"
so that his death Was to may: Tog. meh :
x h is od b Willinms' Plok ne
: davghters.| You :

Again | rh Eg 3s
* Pink trom Dover to Cape Grisnez, France, | SAYRE" “Vo didnt lose muh; this
ED lik. was ar) She , the kerchief and ex-
he ph ent, ot Waodstack, was af claimed: "ing id That is one"f}
work Fear. ook 11 ur Meht _— of the hafserchiets my daughter ||
18 © Ine! B, an i ve 1 “fa: jo fo 4
| tour hours. later. at” present last ‘Ohrist. |
A public apolagy in court and costs)
pa
smmi

n Sept. 27th (n
‘his medal in 1916,
8 >

Ta:

me Robert. Shuall
iv on Sun
"Ing come over Had hospital
Yi, that reached Port Mo.
th

: 0.
Ursday, Pte, - Shuell y os Rear
v . . M. Faul was hurt, but riot seripus-
ing Battalion A Mi eek ora automo-

| blle Thursilay night. He
I: moar i an of Prk

extent of $36 were required off : :
‘Bunting, former Dominion Anam Anim,
sioner, by County Judge aD, A little s ory, 38 told

at

 
