  
    

  

——

JAMS HAMBLY PASSED AWAY,

 

———

NEW

 

 
 
 

 

A Citiap of Leamington for Half a
© Cotury and Prominent Odd-
‘allow for 46 Years.

 
 

 

  
 
   

 

   
 

Afterin illness of three months ING OTTAWA OF OSITION.
from hadening of the arteries and
(heart troble, James Hambly; one of
Leamingtoigoldest and most esteam-
ed residents, passed away at his
home there (Wednesday afternoon of
Inst week. Hi death was pot unex.
pected as on several previous ac-
casfons {t way thought he had enter
ed upon hig Ind journey.

He hud enterd upon his 74th year,
60 of which hehad spent in Leaming-

 

 
    
 
   
 

In Public Life of This Country

       
 
 
 

  

AN Sketelt of Mis Curcer.

 
 
     

  
     
    
 

JHOLAR, sociologist, and auth-

    

       
 
 
   
   
   

         
    

   
  
   
  

       
  

4 aye repared for babies. A baby’s'medicine ton. Born fn England he came to ol lam Ton Mie
is ein more essential for Baby. Remedies primarily prepared Canada when comparatively n hoy. Rensle Kinz, 036, MA,
io Jf OWD-Ups are not interchangeable. It was thé need of pie vpending Soma meg In Inger LLB, Ph.D, newly-clected

80ll, Woodstock, London and Wind: [leader of the Biberal party of C
2 remedy for the common ailments of Infants and Children sor lie come to Jeamington, accepting i ARAL

  
  
 

that brought Castoria before the public after years of research,
and no claim has been made for it that its use, for over 30

years has not proven.
J)

Is a man of unusual scholastic at-
tainments. The youngest man who
has ever borne the mantle of leader-
ship, lie has yet been an outstanding
figure ih Canadian life for twenty
years, and in that period has devoted
his most untiring eforts (o the cause
of labor and to the realization of a
spirit of co-operation between work-
man and employer.

the position of Jead blacksmith In the
W. S. Pulfud’ shop. He continued
there for a number of years and then
entered business for himself which he
conducted for 15 years, giving ft up
to take up fruit growing and farming
in the Leamington district, which he
comtinued until about two Years ago,
when he retired.

  
  
   
 

    

‘What is CASTORIA?
Castorin (is a harmless” substitute for Castor Oil, Paregoric,

Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is pleasant. 1t contains
neither Opium, Morphine nor other narcotic substance. Its
uarantee.- For more than thirty years it has

 
   
     

  
     
  
     
  
 
 
 
  
  

 

   
 

   
 
     

        
   
    
 

 

    

   
   
 

    

 

 

 

 

  

       
    

 

 

 

 

 

  
       

age is its @
: been in constant use for the relief of Constipation, Flatulency, His work as Deputy Minister of
Wind Colic and Diarrhoea; allaying Feverishness arising Labor, as editor of the Labor Gazette,
) therefrom, and by regulating the Stomach and Bowels, aids as Minister of Labor, as mediator In
the imilation of Food; giving healthy. and natural sleep. a score of Industrial differences
The Children’s Comfort—The Mother's Friend. »#&» throughout the Dominion, no less
| } than ‘his services as director of the
Industrics Relations Department of,
wg, ,
J GENUINE CAS 1 OR 1A ALWA VE the Rockefeliof Foundation and his
: a ! authorship of sueh & rks as “Indus-
3 try and Human» Fave all given
? 4 Bears the Signature of proof of interest Ix 3 on use of Inbor.
P l= William Yyon <nzle King Is
= 3 named after his sternal grand-
A father, Willlam m Mackenzie,
4 who, with Louis J¥seph Papineau,
3 : led the rebellion of 1847 in n strig-
\ i Ble for thair ideal of ‘responsible
! p Fo government.” :
S y : William Lyon Mackenzie Ring wan
r r 30 Years born In Kitchener—then Berlin—
1 Ont., on Decemher 17, 1874. His
fa
; father was Mr. John King, K.C., one
4 THE CENTAUR COMPANY, NEW YORK CITY , of the foremost barristers of that
i city, who later became lecturer in
3 consotitucional histery at Osgoode
= = > Hall, Toronto. His molher was Isa-
pry JAMES HAMBLY. bel Grace Mackenzie. Both parents
3] in on +4 3, 5 was united were of Scottish descent, and from
of Kiigseille 2 Fro : ns a joel My pe Qested. Wis: Preahy-
3 oe 3 um 0 | terian faith
- sons, William and Fred. now resi He rec Wed 1 ly
a a J I } r'eca his early education in
A Ll yay horn, and als 0| (he publ and high schools of the
is Robert Bntleg ae survive, = Mrs. | then Borlin,, and af{ervard ‘went to
a Mrs, Earl Fox, of Di ean, oa jpXoronto University, graduating in
Mrs. Rr ox, linda. Yabru-
ae ary, 1801, ke was bereaved by tl 8 |
8 v " |
: an S05, he |
ie was married im )
on Miss Annfe Ste yton,
i who survives,
SL Daceased was genial and kindly,
and” popular with all who knew 1
For 46 years le was a pro X
2 2, Odd fellow, be, i
i ter’ member of Leamingion Lod of
=wirich he held the position of treasurer
. for many years. He was a fr td
ay visitor at other = county ladges |
up wis deservedly popular.
— bigs Dyn sdrvices were condigt-
ad at his late home
" ~ Friday afternoon pt 2.7
t
7 FORD Touring and pe ins a
4 Cars z owed at Lakeview cemozery. A large
Roadsters can now be supplied number of Three Link ihrethren at
oy with newFord electric starting and tengled the (obssqules.
. . > C— ER
lighting systems as OPTIONAL HOW TO PREVENT GRASSHOPPER
— QUIPMENT. i DAMAGE TO TOZACCO.
This electric equipment is a Ford pak ie, Me A. Ereemhn, Tobacco Inspector.) | = a
productbuilt by the Ford Company in their 1 Te grassuoppers are doing consid-| Hoar Ww. LL. M ACRLNTAE KING.
gy erable damage to tobacco. ~The writ- Sm Cn 3
own factory, and consisting of Generator, er [ojenny saw small crops that were | 1895 with the degrec.of B.A. A year
Starting Motor and Storage Battery. \ completely ruined by this pest. Itdis | later he attained the title of LL.B.
: i = not ngbegsary todo helpless Ip the | and in 1897 (hat of M.A. Pursuing
Itissas reliable and efficient as the Ford face of Prasshopper attacks for” we | his studies atthe University of Chi-
oF intowhich 161 1 a NE can Nuccessfully ¢ombat a plague of | cago and at Harvard. College, he ab-
— Motor, into which it is built. £ | this ind WIth fu reasoniible expandi- | tained tha degree of I.A., jay sus)
5 1 7 : ture of money apd labor with 4 conse- | and, subséquently, in 1909, that o
¢ The Ford Standard Magneto also supplies i quent saving of the crop. LL.B. Mr. King, at the age of 19,
- ny al . at KL
es Motnose of comro ~|OB hE, luis ly" aot
¥ 4550. Tossing, Bo W Grasshopper control. measures may | g¢ the university. 4
3 Foril Runabout, $660. ) § i 0 groupeddito two divisions: “1st E 1 luate- Mr
; i ing and Equipment tol or 4 J Even as an, undergraduate- y
rng el a Be god Lie fat he ve and bt han | King manic deep tort
4 , $973. Sedan, $1173. (Closed model prices i i 3 Josten. nC nd. those em- | ynqygirial and eponomic subjects, an:
ms Cots F734 Sarving and Lighting Ee a: ra ployed an dogroving the hoppers, both | jeyoted. considerable time to a study
vills These peices ars f 0. b. Ford, Ont., and do not include War Tar. § young It. To destroy the eggs of them" This interest was deepened

fall ploughing gj,

   
  

ould ba done about,
the-16th of Optober and all rubbish
‘removed or burned, We shall deal
with the contfol of the young and
adult hoppeks in this articles :

Polgoned Bran Bait.

bY his experiences ag a reporter, sub-
sequent to graduation, Mr; King ac-
cepted a position on the Toronto
Globe at wn salary of $1 a day—"and
it wasn't an eight-hour day, either,”
he himself states. He probably ac-
quired his first ‘taste’for politics
through his association, as a reporter,
with the election of 1596, fr which
his futuré chief, Sir Wilfrid Laurier,
was placed in power.

Mr. King served aloo on the To-
ronto’ News and the Toronto Mail,
but gther interests were. assertinz
themselves ¢ and  beckoping, him
forward to fresh paths and pur-
suits, In 1898 he went abroad,
vigiting Great Britain, France, Goi-
many, Switzerland rnd Italy, and |
gaining a deep insight into tha cco-
nomic systems of eacl of these coun-
tries, which: was later (o serve him
in; good "stead.

The career of the youthful soefo-
logist had not passed unnoted in
Canada, meanwhile, and during his
stay overseas Mr! King accepted a
commission from the Government to
enquire into the methods of carry-
ing out. Government clothing * con-
tracts in Europe. So faithfully did
he discharge this duty that, two
years Jater, at the recommendation
of Sic’ Willinm Mulock, Canada’s first
Minfator of Labor, hé'was offered the
1'post of Deputy Minister, together

with
Gazette.

      
  

   

| Elegtric Storing. dnd Lighting
Kemp Furniture Co. dealers, Amherstburg
Hugh McDonald, dealer, Harrow

The Bit is propared according to
(he following L0%iyyin

Bran, coarse flakey jp
#ghorts, 25 pounds
Paris green, 1 pougqys
Lemons or oranggg ¢
Cheap molusses, gych ag sorghum or

black strop. 5 gyarts
Water, 4 gallons

| The dry bran afig paris green should
be placed In a logga tub and thorough-
ly mixed- with.a }66 or wooden ‘stick.
The bare hands yng arms should not
be used: The gypup or molasses
should be dissolyag in three gallons
of water, to oll add the lemonjor
orange julce foliwod by the finaly
grated pulp and jqq] ofthe fruit, The
resulting miXtury  ghoyld' be poured
slowly over the jofsoned bran: at the
same time the &neirg mixture should
~|be stirred 80 this every particle of
bran is thorouBbly &ampaned. It the
bait will hold mother gunn of water
it, should be added. “hg hair may be
mixed ony time dufjpne tha day, but
should not be kepl “more than 32
hours before scaligrine in the field.
The proper Hme i, gy ly the bait is
{late in the afterntsy The bajt should
be sown by hand 40. py “a broadcast

possible, or

¥

   

   

  

 
 
      
      

 
 
 
  

 
 

    
  
  
  
 
  
  
 

        
  
     
   
   
  
  
 
 

  

  

     

       
  
  
   
 
  
    
   
  
  
  
  
   
      
     
  
  
 

 
     
 
 
  
  
   

  
 

  
   
     
 
    
    
   
   
   

   
  
  
      
    
   
     
    
   
   
       
     
   
    
  
    
  
  
 

   
 

/ :
“a pa | | seeder over the bing of the field con-| TUN Kin ;
7 3 3 . .- King was In Italy when this
Ja ‘ any oa i Sohool for Girls taining grasshgfyors). Where the omer r , und: at first he
(( 3 Caneda’s National Residential S J pests are Very numerous the amount a, Wi oH ry con-

‘of bait prepa

  
      

   
  

: Cw 1 and d by using 256 pounds

RE vantages of Nicalth, culture, y & Pp | tinues his studies. “At the request of

i ES By Ee re
5 ot ar sil i 1

Thorough courses fn_Music Art, Oratary, High School, Bu |mnbor ta trom 1195 conts, per acre, | fection. 400 greed (o accept

    
  
    

2 flored..
Whore the Ereitioppers are very | MIO FES00 to" 100

abundant it MAY yi, pecegsary to re- : :
peat the applicatia} of the bait a sec] Crowded. eventtul years to thy new

Training.

Pomeatic Science, and Superior Phydics ber the fifteenth, nineteen |
- :

Opens its thirty-rinth year on Septem

 

  

were

 

    
 
    
  
 

 
 

"hundred and nineteen. x . I De) - Minfst His achfevements
® § ARNER, BLA ; Principe] Emeritus ond time at Inter; || Deputy- Minister. ;

nD mEON MA LA COLLAGE, 87. THcMAS, ONTARIO, days. Under no Tle of tugior Hike a he of thom & 3 well

; A RE Ast | the poisoned Makrial be sown thickly f own to be mentioned [n‘full, He

in a field.

_ lor placed In h ! : He
| The ‘effects A bait, are not {m.| Was twice sent as a representative of

car coher may Meet oo irview: the “brtnh mutha
Jia 15 applied. wile others will be d5 onthe ngnd for Tepiistionts
A ing 2t0 5 days; ter. 3 impor § Pistionigut ¢

I The _Criigie Mixture." Re3en ato uigran

Bl ants mixture, iy modified

ude effective and chenp,

lass effectiq than ti
bat,

LIBERAL LEADER

WILL SHOULDFR TASK OF LEAD-

Hon, William Lyon Mackenzie King
Has Been an Ontstinng Figure

for Twenty Yenrs and Possesses
Unusual’ Scholastic Attainments—

 

 

| the editorship of the. Tabof |

 

  
  
  
 

  
  
   
   
       
     
     
       
       
       
     
       
       
      
        
   
         
           
   
   
 
 
     
   
  

  

1908, to Interview the British Gov-
ornment on the subject of Immigra-
tion to Canada from the Orient, and
particularly from India. His other
services during the same period in-
cluded chairmanship of the royal
commission which arbitrated-the dif-
ferences between the Rell Telephone
Company and its employes In 1907,
and of (he commissions which in-
quired into the anti-Asiatie riots in
Vangouver in 1908.

With these years of practical ex-
perience added to the foundation
already Inld by his early studles, it
was [nevjtable that Parliament
should <bgckon to Mackenzie King.
Obeylng its summons, he declared his
candidacy in his home constituency
of North Waterloo, and was elected
In the general election of 1908. The
following year ho received recogni-
tion at the hands of the Imperial
Government’ by being appointed a
member of the dnti-opium commis-
#lon which met at Shaughal, China.
In 1909 Mc. King alo received the
portfolio of Minister of Labor in the
Laurier Government,

Hon. Mr. King’s term as Minister
of Labor wns terminated by the
general election of 1911, in which
the veciprocity fssue spelled disaster
to the Laurier Administration, but in
“the brief two years_which he held
office the Minister gave abundant,
enrncst proof of his devotion to the
cause of labor.

The ost notable piece of legis-
Intion introduchd by him was prob-
ally his bill providing for Investiga-
tion of trusts and mergers, He Was
also Instrumental In securing the
passage of the bill gunranteeing an
elghit- hour day for Government em-
ployes, Sattlement of the G.T.R.
strike of 1911 is also ascribed to his
tactful mediation, which resulted in
1efnstatement of men who had been
dismissed for their share tn the
styiko,

The next chapter in the public life
of Mr. King. concerng his associntion
with one of the foremest Industries
of the century—the Rockefeller foun-
dation, established by John D. Rocke-
féller for the promotion of closer and
more symparheile co-operation ne-

Eo

   
    
   

      
   
     
   
 
    
  
  
    
  
 
  
     
   
  
  
  
    
     
    
    
 
    
    

The longest —
lasting benefit,
the greatest
satisfaction for
your sweet

tooth.

ps

in the ‘sealed
packages. et

> Alr-tight and
_ impurity-proof.

 
   
   
   
  
  
 
 
    
   
 

    
    
  
  
  
  
 
    
  

   
    
  
    
  
   
  
  

 
  
 

 
     
 
  
 
       
 
     
     
    
 

    
 

      

    
    
   
  
          
 
    

SEALED TIGHT
KEPT RIGHT

 

    

  

 
 
  
    
    
   

 
  
   
   
 

 
  
 
   
 
        
     
 
       
      
     
  
  
   
 

{wean cupital and labor. On Oatoher Made
1, 1914, Mr. King accopted the chuafve- in
manship of the Industrial Relations

Dapartment of the Foundation, with Canada

(he object of undertuking an invest'-
gation of econoniie conditions, “as
witle as the Norti An:erican contin-
ent,” i

“I would not have accopted this
post,” sald Hon. Mr. King In a sub-
gequent address, replying “to. eriti-
cigs of his affiliation with an Amers
fein Institution, “hand it meant sae-
rificing my citizenship or renouncing
my career in Canada,”

One of Mr. King's Gutles as head
of the industrial depurtment of the
foundation was supervision of “the
distribution among thousands of
siarving miners of Colorado of the
sum of $100.000 appropriated by the
foundntion. Then followed a com-
prehensive study of industrinl condi-
tions in thg “ame. slate, and pains-
faking efforts for the construction ef
mochinory: designed to bring a new
relationship bety 1. empleyer and
amploye. The 1 1lts of this investi-
zuflom and study are largely <m-
bodied fn the industrial reprasonta-

 
    
 
 
   
 
 
      

   

 

        
       
         
               
    
  
   
    
    

  
  

The
Flavour

 

2 2 J OT J ed

¢ Amherstburg ‘Bakery 5

i

    

    

TRY A LOAF OF OUR

   

ferfeerferieferiesfofonied

tion plan ‘rst set In gperntion: hes k d ol
tivegn the Colorado lron & Fuel Co W olesome Brea . ols
and rls employes, X ols! -
The war having hampered (a some ; : x
degroe the progress of the founda B ine 3
ton, Mr. Xing in 1817 resigned his + FRESH EVERY DAY ba :
pasition upon it. The election of oe - Cu Ne 3
1917 found him agmn aligned wilh | 0 : ° : 3 ig
his chieftain, Sir Wilfrié Laurier, in | gg 3 1 ; # 3
cppogition to Unlen Government. : . ” [ \
Hon. Mr. King coniested fhe North 5 z 7 3 PASTR d
York seat, but wis defeated by J. A. | of. rg ib

M. Armstrong,

_#asince 1317, one of Hon. Mr. King's
(contributions Jo the cause of bor
has fbeen his book “Thdustry. and
Humanity,” published last winter, in
which ha predicts the triumph of the
principle of industrial representation.
He draws a parallel in the growth

CANDY
uve +CIGARS

CURTI

y
x
’

 

W. F.

 

eferfoeferfeefecforfecfesferferfeeforforte

      
  

 
  
  
     
    

 
 

of responsible government in the

British Empire, ; :
“Wherever,~in the affairs of the : . \

state,” Mr. King writes, ‘‘one class YOUR HOME BAKER. . ; ;

has sought to maintain a monopoly OPN ‘ %

of government, there gooner or lat- The Model Bakery Phone 76 Amherstburg, Ont» !

er, confllet has been inevitable. In F 3 a . { « %

the struggle fon a wider {rpedom, RM i no aa a

mankind will -not* rést until In in- yo : : % wo

dustry, as in the s:;ate, autocratic shoeleriecloslobfortoconipefodeoleciscieofestfoofectcdeafsefechrofunfectortunfestosfonfectocfonfoctoofenfertectent

goyernnent, whatever (ts form, is - 3 fa 4 : Pha

seine f For HIGH GRADE PIANOS. £

represontative «of all the parudB in b . ,

4nterest, amd, altimately, by a system ——— ¥ “yi #

the corner-stone of which {8 respons } p 3 — mb AND + ;

ible government.” 7 God s a v7 =

  
    

   

It Is not generally known that Hon.
W. L. Mackenzie King is the hero of
Mrs. Humphrey, Ward's novel, “The
Canadiag Born,” souietimes known
as “Lady Merton, Colonist,” but those
who have made a close study of the
book, . state that the characte) of
"George Anderson, the virile young
Parliamentarian and labor®leader, is
modelled ufter the: ex-Minlster of
Labor. 3emblance Js l¢nt-to this be-
ile by the fact thgt while in Eng-
land in 1898-1400, Mr. King made
the acquaintance of Mr. und Mrs
Ward and ‘won’ the warm friendship
and admiration of beth. .

A=blography uf Mr. King by Rob-
son Black, says: ‘

“The champions of Mr. King hold
him to be fearless, consalentiovs,
thoroughly modérn in his outlook,
ambitious, keenly industrious, of cool
and accurate judgnient, with splen-
did scholarship and plenty of prac-
tice Th the cauge of “jublic seryices.
The political and oloci*erities, of Mr.
King, admitting his academic dis-
tinction aiid, his zeal, point to his
lack’ of aense of humor as an awk-
ward handicap In Such human deal-
ings. ag sire the cssence of his pgos |
fession, Mr. King's extreme sobriety
of mind constantly tempis the pui-
lice to npderestimate his known virs |
tues and to mistakenly ascribe’ his
purposeful demednor lv concelt.”

     

| GRAMAPHONES
| SEE

HEINTZMAN’& CO.

al i

 
  
     
 

    
     
   
          
   
       
     
  

1

: CORNER OUELLETTE & LONDON.
3 “WINDSOR - -OONT.

I iB RN
ee
WE HAVE IN STOCK

SHINGLES, LATH, CEDAR POSTS, BARN BOARDS,
JOISTS, MOULDINGS OF ALL KINDS, DOOR SASH, }

'RUBBEROID ROOFING,
Place your order with us and save money
« bd « -

i
PHONE 20.

 

 

   
     
   
    
 
  

  

 

BE I ——

 

     
   

 

    
   
   

BE

FRASER
Planing Mill and Lumber Yard
AMHERSTBURG, ONT.

 

     
    
  

The Smellest Nation.
The rod und white flag of-Monaco
files over the smallest nation on
‘earth. The entire area of Monaco is
only cight squore miles, Although
t {x the smallest In. area, however,
ope arg three smaller fn Sigpulntion,
f¢ hws 12;000 inhabitants, as com- |
pared with 4,820 for Andorra, 10,716 |
for Licohtenstein and 11,618 for8an |
2 IR, ATTRA ao

HL i

 

     
  
 

 

   

   

 

 
   
