grey, = / Iv:

The Greatest Name

NMiothers Know That

4)

the importance of asking for
sugar by brand name? Do you
realize that to have a sugar
which will give unfailing satis-
faction in preserving, in Co
and for all sweetening purposes,
you should ask for—and insist

on getting Dominion Crystal Z : -
a WRIGLEY.

Women who use this brand have Z A

found it to ba all that a sugar should hy Vp 4 : yay
be—pure, sparkling, finely granulated. LAMY, v4
And it is with satisfaction they realize | YALAL
fat this fincet of sugar is “Canadian
rom the ground up. In rt of
the output of our Drea por
eries, is obtained from raw cane sugar
—but our pride ia in that increasing

proportion of our output which is -
made from Canadian sugar beets.

Try a 20-Pound Bag

Most grocers have Dominion Crystal
Sugar in 20-pound bags as well as in
barrels. They take pride in sellin
this superior Canadian product. As
your grocer for it.

Always
Bears the
Signature 4

7

et
JUICY FR

PURITY GUARANTEED

A

fi

fhm

‘DOUBLE

CHEWING

DOMINION SUGAR COMPANY, LIMITED

f Wrapper. -
Exact Copy 0! pper. Refineries at Wallaceburg, Chatham and Kitchener

IHRE CENTAUR SOMPAMY, NEW VOAN CITY.

7
a - - -— — - p— SET— aad = cr—— ain
—_————— ea —r— —
y 2 : Malden Council. TRACTOR WON'T JUMP FENCES |CANADA'S AGRICUL-
ro ——— TURAL POSITION
HARROW LUMBER YARD Friday, October 17th. [Some of the Argumentiafn Favor of 3
|] Council met in special session, All| Its More General Usg™—WIill Not 3
; Diarabars preset, Bite, Balk, or Rdn Away. The Hon. S. F. Tolmie, Canada’s
The repoit of the 2nd Con. Road new Minister of Agriculture, has sum-
med up the outstanding facts of Gan-

wiio had] Some of the many arguments in fa- Y
| vor of the tractor are given as fol: ada’s agricultural position in= an
article appearing in the November
number of the Agricultural Gazette.
He represents statistics showing .the
growth of Canada’s finanelal burden

drain was read. All those
signed the petition Ww given the
privilege to withdraw eir names, | 10WS in Farm Life: — -
and all those who had not signed the = At will not bite, balk or run away,
petition was given the privilege to It will not shy at a loose worap of pd-
| sign. per inthe road. It will not Kick the] h
Moved by Mr Dingle, seconded by stall at night and keep the tired far- {during the. past five years und points
Mr Molorhe, tht the reeve’ sign the mer and bis wife awake, It will not out means by which our national debt
petition concerning tlie : cen: Road | erlb the manger. will be reduced He says In part, “I
drain on behalf of the Township of | At will not. break out of the barn at confident that. this Dominion,
through the development of her natural

Wo have the material and give satisfaction. “The old saying
applies to this, “The proof of the pudding is in the eating.”

Wo have always on hand for sale—Lumber, Shingles, Lath,
Lime, Beaver Baard, Cement, Coal, Seaman-Kent Polished Floor
ing of all kinda of Hardwood. =

We manufacture Storm Windows, Storm Doors,
kindsiof Moulding required in building a house.
Wo do all kinds of Carpenter Work and Contract

Sash, and all 7

Ing, and will

3
be pleased to give an estimate or price on any kind of work, large
or small - Malden —Carried. night, jump, the fence and eat your §
§ === 4 3 A by-law “providing for he. improv. | Re hhor's cahpages resources, will in time wipe: out her
ing of-the 2nd Con. Rodd drain was it will not lle down in a particularly debt. Forests, fisheries and mines all
K F SMITH : HARROW, road a first time, o moist 3ot in the barnyard. roll avin + SOTTEIL bg Jae Lhe Soros
- Moved by Mr. Dingle, seconded by | opts back and elevata its four feet Lax. L1 eatest returnd will be
LJ a | ONT. Mr. Piper, lint the AE hs into the air i Jacriee from agriculture, which In-
| committee of the whole for the second It does not have to be curried, dustry we must continue to establish
reading of the bylaw, with the reeve gponged off or treated with horse lini- in permanency and increase in magni:
x in the chair—Carred ment, tara: a= 8 One Of We: greatest re:
io dy-law was. read a second time and It is not addicted to colic, cough, sponsibilities that falls on either the
provisionally adopted and copies were heaves, spavin or wind-gall, gj 1eaamal or’ provineinl departments of
ordered to be served on all partiés.as- Ir will nota snort In your ear or | agriculture is the conservation of the
gossed whisk its tall In youn face. | great wealth that Illes in the virgin
: Moved by Mr. Dingle, seconded by It will. not snort In your ear or soil. Inpumerable considerations are fs
Mr. Melache, that Mr. Piper be com- to “pee”, or vice-versa, nvolyed fn this one problem, but the
ner to tet and superintend the You do notiave to pull onthe lines Whole affair can be accomplished it
nstruction of the 2nd Con. Road and holler your head off when “you pen engage in mixed farming witli live
drain¥—=Carried, want it to stop. : stock ag o basis. This Is the funda-
Mover. by Mr. Meloche, seconded by It do4s not “up and die” just as the mental » principle underlying success
Mr. Dingle, that the-commissioner on spring” work Is coming on. in agriculture. WB fog a . 3
the 2nd Con. Road drain advertise for —— | | i pp m—— : sp PH 3 *
he consituc f th 34 aln.— sfie NO b 4 3 : .
fhe om Fo of the said drain. Gosfield North Councils Sandwich ost Council, Ther e Are No Obstacles 3
Mr. Cadnretie.came before the coun- Saturday, Oc oth, Tad 3 . ; : ) : :
At rare hath had two shéep |  Comnell Te puriy. Outobes Ji al LE Setwday. Noyember 8th. _ in the way of your coming here for, expert work in ;
Ghar I WL a ban wid pl Si oe ff AU omobile Tire Repai
dogs, and valued them at $70. rovioug Tmo Were rer 1 , mombers esent. es s { p- p iN
o ; aan hyeAlz. Meloche J % uy gliding ve read and, on moating were rend and adopted, : 1 ey : e alr ¥
~ Wholesale Dealers in Grain and. Seeds. Mr. Dingle, that A. Uadarotte be following communicatiolls were = Moped By roulllagd We understand every detail of our work and have every .
: given(a warrant for $70.00, payiaent In reed: Lotter from Quality Camners. p4%,,q Jounsborough be hereby facility for rendering satisfactory, service promptly. *
ONTARIO. full for above mentioned sheep.—Car- | Nolice of ap sal Jagainat the award oo oo is Soll the widen} ne > ERE
ried. of CB. Allison, on the West Townline authorized to meet and ell the Widen When you have a puneture, cut or blow out, consult
I E—_ 3y-law No. 602 wadQroduced to the [drain from Melvin While: report {Hof ing, of a partof Boufford Jaton Ne us. aboat it: ’ “ . ;
chunell and read a first (ime. Alex, Baird for 6th con. drain;.letter vember 17th Carried. ad Drouil . nA
Moved by Mr. Piper, seconded: by|irom Victory Loan Committee es Moved by Madura. HivoR Dre Do. UP - T0 - DATE N TIRE REPAIR SHOP
Mr. Meloche, that the ¢ouncil go’ into Moved by Messrs, Bondy and New- lard, thst (he matieg 2 os 5 by Ing . in
Shim es of tha Rlials for the sec-|man, that this. esmicil heartily on I Ey gutertained for the R. B. McMORROW, Manager. +
ond reading of the bylaw with the othe“ V(c ory Loan: and recom- HLT Vs crn REE 1 . ‘
reeve in the chaler Carried. ; support of same by Moved by Messrs, Louk Sarpugh and 41 Pitt St. E. Windsor. Phone 3961 4
By-law was read the second time sera. yried. Hivan, that the townlino rod, from tJ " 2] .
" ind provisionally aopted and a notidel|, Moveds by Messrs. Newman ana | the front road to the,Canardaibridge, VULC ANIZING i
4 ' of the bylaw ordeinad to be published | Stevenson, that Mr. McQuat be auth: |" ine conditions that, Auderden be a iE :
When you use bread made by your Home Baker I Echo for four aria io have gravel put on Yost willing to agree to PAY Ho Ol fest VV Vv. . )
. ahs iisy y e os {S vislol p Jon roads , 3 Si TET, .
you have a Double Satisfaction * - Moved by Mr. Ninglg, that the pro: | Tap Drain No. G—Carried. ready to do the same~-Carried ? 3 ”
& ») posed new rond 2ciogh lots 13, 14 and | Moved by Messrs. Wyatt and Bondy, Mr. Lounsborough give notice that V i :
B 4 1 Y n t the Best There IS 15 be 66 feet in Width, Nos seconder. that Mr, Stevenson po autliorized fo|ue Will introduce by-law to author ’ : op
- ou ge A Frank Pigeon caine before the coun- spend $50 jn gravelling on the-S. T. lze an agreement made with the By-1... |] JP : %
cil and swore that je had four sheep Ling, —Carried, dro Commission, g 5 4 Ealing -
Moved by Mdsars.! Stevenson and Moved by Megsrs, Lauzon and { o
Hivon, that Mr, Lounsborouprh’s by- 2

killed and. two Wounded by unknown
! Nowman, that the reeve be author

od by Izéd to have the gravelling on the Or-
n a ton Side Road between six and seven

finished.—Carrled.
By-law No, 209 was read the neces:
times and © finally

daw be read a first time.—Carrled.

Council*goes into conimittee of the : :
whole, the reeve. in the chair. The i ON’'T SURF BR
by-law is provisionally adopted. : a of rheuma! um! 0
‘Moved by Mecsrs. Lounsborough and evjug swalicnjolnta aI5%
yz haved bottle in BOTTLE
EDY CO. Hamilton, Canada, =

: 9 You Help Your Own Town

al we recommend. Try It.

dogs, which he Vilued at $53.
Moved by Mr. Afickle, ‘second
Mr. Piper, that Mr. Pigeon bo give
warrant for $563, for payment in full
for sald sheep.—Carried. RHE
Moved by Mr. Piper, seconded by sary. number of

Mr. Dingle; that tiie following.biils be passed.
The members of Court of revision

We are pniting out a loaf th
Gore Street Baler paid: Howard. Gibp. No. Tio
0 on the West Townline, drain were

» -
W. BEACOM Phone 61 ing jurors, $4 Jihn Edgar, No. 205,
. selecting Jurors, $4; Robt, Atkin No. sworn in and courts opened and there
- 206, selecting Juris, $4; Leo Dingle, being no appeals . court wis closed
> No. 207, for haylliig plank and making again,
RA bridge on Middle Side Clerk was Instructed to write the

temporary ‘
Road over the 9th Con. Road drain. Beaver O11 & Gos Co. asking'them to
¢5.—Carried. . » |replhce the, meter and reconnect the
Moved by Mg Mickle, seconded hy| North Ridge school house with the gas
Mr. Dingle, thir Levi Jarriett. sr. ling } ~N 5
wm, Squires, goal. Deslippe and | Moved by. Messrs. Newman and
auson, that Mr. Adair be given $6

Henry Golden fhe appointed sheep Stevi
k to cover cost of furnishing

valuators for the township of Malden Der Woe
at a salary of $3 107 gach inspection hifiself with a horse and)rig or auto-

and they to be confifynd by by-law.— [mobile for his work om the lnes.—
Carried. 1. Pt d [carried 42 oe

Moved by Mr. HURL gaconded hy Wm. Switzer put in a tender for the 4 a .

Sr. Meéloche, that the goeve and olexje repair of the West Townline drain at $1260: for cinders; Ferdinand Pare,

{ssue a warrant to R. Snider on {he $100 above the estimate. “| Treasurer, $90, for Mrs. Hivon; ‘Donus

Messrs, Bondy and Stov- Bondy $66, F. K. Bondy £28, Noe Bon-

a dy $6, for grading done on townline;

Drouillard, that the whole of the. town-
ghip votes qn same. :
Moved by Hessds Lauzon and
Hivon, that only the Front road, Mal-
den ond Tecumseh roads voie on said

question. —Carrfed. Ey 3
Moved by Messrs, ‘Lauzon and

Hivon, that Alfred Mnase te pald $6.
or repairing the Matchett rond bridge;
Sandwich Treasurer, $50, for attend-
ing to a fire on Bridge avenucs the
Essex Sanitariun, 869, for cere of.
Mrs, and Arthur Allen; Joseph Be-
zaire, $30, for ditching; Albert Ber
geron, $30, fo grading. on Martin
Lane: Fred, Sorelle, $20, per order of
the Board of Health; Albert Meloche, |
$27, for rond work; the Salt Co.,

the same mean
Mn hundre:
received d
Many were fi

fared agonies

others from women who had escap-

ed dangerous operations, as the
jcers had been re

and ui
pars of Orange

py the action
moved bY rs who had suffered

Lily; and othe t Charles Begg; 2 Moved b
3 tion, | order of Ghd Yaam drain in| Moved by ;
loncorrhoen, ai "periods. it spector._—CarriCl. Pi } SU wna Bir Bwitgers-tender, bia John Rene, $30, for rond work; Arsene
: : 4 . r papted. rried. - : , 340, H 2 g
ar Bir, ‘sptondad by. aerent y a - Dufour, $28, for wood to poor; Alex.

orrhoea, painful
lone Pod the other trou:

Move
rnishes a Dosk Mickie, that the reeVegerys a copy of A number of orders were passed an

flering Organs, the engineer's report sn. the 2nd Con. | gouncil adjourned.

its | Road. drain on the heay of {ie Town —
of Amherstburg.—Cartied GOSFIELD NORTH. .

Grandmaison, $2, Wm. Herdman $2,
LK. K. Pare $2.50, Albert Gerard $2,
for rond work; Dolphis Conaineau.
$6.60, for repairing a bridge on town:
rE . (line, and hnlf charged to Anderdon; |

For all fess af >
bles known In general as Women's Di gorders, Orange y

; the su
tive scientific, never-failing cure. It is applied Sree al actually Jproves

and ‘its operation is certain and beneficial, for
merit, ‘Hereby offer to send abgolutely free, & box worth 45¢, sufficient ae Counell adjourned.
ton dhys' treatment, to every suffering WORTG who will write for it i i Cottam. line." and hull, Chere Teper repairs: ]
3 stamps, Mrs, Lydia W. Ladd, Windsor, YWHERE EAT | David Noble, who moved to Windsor 5 Hondy v v a
id s . B A 3 : ¥, for stationery; Edward
SOLD LEADING DRUGGISTS EVERYWE pe. WHEATLEY la Year ago, Is moving back to his Voians, $2500, for part payment on
mrs farm on the 6th con, and his son For go ponlevard water main, and paid ||
d only.—Carried.

Lewis Fury arrived from th? west est {s moving trom the farm to Wind- oye of that fun
a has rented his farm gor—Mrs.J. Wo. McGaffay ia fmprov'ng RT Tow Lounshorouzgh and

on on Mrs. “lowly from h t 1 M
pad a year here. “slowly fn or recon ess. Mr. , ol
Furey has beei’s rather poor health ands Mra. McGaffey and children pur- gan. a in Ag
since an 3 leaving shortly. for. Florida to® 1 0 op a note the necessary. atiount .
and her doc d the winter.—D. Dywher moved on Boulevard water main till deben- | HC ¥
the Walter H. Noble farm “i; vn5 are lssued to rodeem the samo. | ®

Ontarlo for a year.
Mrs. John R. Fetherston arrived having ren nn. are ro
js moving to the Mat- on motion, council adjourned ET ®

~ Gemfort Lye is a very puwerlul
* cleanser. It is used for cleaning up
the oldest and hardest dirt, grease, cto,

a i from London. FoE.at her rushana's ak foviagts tie Mat
en the liver home at Victoria, Q'WadnesdaysCsehy on street be-; Npverabor 16th, 1919, at 2 pan. Cemfirt Lye is fine for making sinks.

Pio Fatlioston Soe married Sok \ ve ERE “drains aod closets sweet and clean.

Comfort Lye Kills rats, mice. roaches

unctionate y pafor being sent homa
butsving to ‘certain mi
(fons I was not permitted . wedding wa

witewith him at that
ist

and insect peats. %

A. Robertso) R.
Wharram ret

4 [ng from: ‘woek'
: Alm Ma. Esc brought
g AWAY.
