  
 
  
      
    
    
 
   
   

  

   

MEME

==

iE

EOE

 
   

What a Sight
it is to see
Giant Freighters
Steam Away—'

EY EEN Cy

 

bound from Fort William and Port Arthur for hour of ever-changing interest. The thrilling
t g toeming cities of the East. Sapalan : experience of passing through the Locks at Sault
1s is but one of the many interesting things Ste. Marie, the day ashore at‘Canada’s Twin Cities,
yo see on this wonderful Great Lakes Cruise. Fort William and Port Arthur, and the visit to our
Have You just a week s vacation? : northern terminus, rising on its wooded promontory
is six-day cruise on Lakes Huron and Superior from the blue waters of Superior—the city of

was planned especially for you. You will find each Duluth.

SARNIA to DULUTH and RETURN

 

EET ET

  
 

  
 

 

LJ
Six Days on the Great Lakes 10 Retail Stores Located in
; But mere charm still to most of “Northern N. gator" —Dail De ; J the Principal Cities of
{ A 1 i 2 Northern Nay or!"—Daily paper votes her ‘energies to the entertain-
Ee us, is the dul Ae on shipboard. with news brought in by wireless. A ment of the ship's guests. me Ontario.
ul Together, as onf family, we travel merry chronicle, too, of life on ship- light Chorus—After the dancing THOMAS BRYDEN, Mgr.
i 1,600 miles, togfther we spend six full board. Afternoon Tea—Served ‘in everybody joins in singing old-time
= days in that gay compunionship of the Grand Saloon.  «€oncerts — melodies, out on deck.
Ls relaxed and rested spirits. Prery afternoon and evening, well Round trip fare,
fo - nown artists as entertainers. Picnic Sarnia to Duluth
r SPECIAL FEATURES : at Kakabeka Falls, in the country and return, includ- $56.50 3
14 Dancing—Music by full ship's near Port Arthur, all enjoy a real-old- ing meals and berth POWELL'S SLOAN'S INDIAN TONIC
i orchestra. Refreshments at its close. fashioned picnic. ~ Social Hostess— One way fares on application. Is a purely vegetable bitters manufactured
4 ? from. roots, herbs and barks, and a -war-
- ranted curs for all nervous complaints,
B : HURONIC - HAMONIC NORONIC nual, ASL, BYR Be):
3 = and a warranted cure for the Liver. Kid-
J

noys una tile Blood, and for all Female
Wenkness, and guaranteed to make the
wenk strofg In ten days,

Powell's Genuine Linlment, Cough
Syrup; -Mogle Teathache Drops and Plle
Cure are among 12 best family remedies.

Manufactured by N. S. POWELL, Har
=] row, ont. .

Rog. No. 3312 the Proprietory or Patent
Medicine Aet,

Agents wanted.

(m=)

Hi

Three sailings weekly from Sarnia to Soo, Port Arthur, Foit William; and Duluth, leaving Sarnia Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6.10 p.m. (Eastern Time). §

ECE

 

For full information ask any Grand, Trunk Ticket Agent, the Company at Sarnia, or your local ticker or
tourist agent. :

Write D. 'F. Geoghegan, Eastern Passenger Agent, Sarnia, Ont., for Cruise Booklet. |
1,000.MILE SAGUENAY CRUISE—Another

  
 

  
  
 
 
      
   
   
     
       
   
     
     
    
 
      
 

 

   

EE

Wonderful Boast Trip—through 1,000
Islands and St. Lawrence River Rapids;

Northern Navigation Company, Limited, Sarnia | jigs mms
: and the glorious Saguenay. Write for |
~ GRAND TRUNK ROUTE =

 

 

A WOMAN'S SYMPATHY

Are you discouraged? Is your doc
tor's bill a heavy financial load? Ts
your pain a hezyy physical burden?
1 know what these mean to delicate
women~I have -bgen dlscourged too;
but I learned how to cure myself. 1,
want to relieve! your burdens. Why |
not -end thé" pain and stop the !
Doctor's bill?{ I can do this for you,
and «will if you will assist me.

All you need do, i8 to write for a
free box of the remedy (Orange Lily)
which has been placed in my-hands to
be given-away. Perhaps tis one hox
will cure you—-it hasidone so for oth-
ers. It so, 1 will be hapiy and you |
will be curetl for 3c, (the cost of a
postage stamp). Your letters held con-!
fidentially. Write to-da¥ for my ‘tree |
treatment. Mrs. Lydia W. Ladd!
Windsor, Ont

— ee i ———— |
Sister St. Prudence was killed

EH

 

booklet *Nisgara-to-the-Sea.”

 

=

a
a
/

SHE

   

 

 
  

 
 
 

  
 
   
  
     
  
  
     

 
 
 

 

stantly at Beaupors Asylim when
lightning struck phe builéing; causing
a chimney 160 feet In hejzht to crash
down, through it: "

The: little davghter of J. Powless, of
Wilsonville, was . killed by os lady's
motor car running over her when she
darted out of a group from getting an
ice cream cone fron a street vendor
in Brantford. y

Mrs. Bowlby, widgw of* Major Dr,
Bowlby, ands daughlar of Joseph Seas |
gram, of Waterloo, of King's Plate
fame, was fatally I8jured and five oth. fp
ers hurt,in an autonoebile collision at

 

 

 

THOT OE Oy ET a OE

        
 
        
     
  
        
   
  
   
  
 
  
    
      
     
  
   
  
  
     
   
  
   
 
  
 
   
  

 

  

Lean, Glen Quick, Gilbert Furman,
Harry Heaton. Recbmmended—Hazel
The result of promotion  examina- | Michael, "Orpha Talbot.

tions of Harrow” Public ‘school for |® Pt..I' to Pt."Il Jr—Passed—James
June, 1919. Names appear in orderiof| Campeau, Dorothy Sparling, Gerald
merit. The papers of pupils who have | Ferriss, Florence Adams, Donald Bon-
falled beyond recommendatidn have }dy, Ells Brimner, Roy Sinasac, Kath-
been carefully re-read, While con-|leenjQuick, PatrickeMcKenna, Charles
ditiofs ‘on account of the #FIN" epi-| Hawkins, Dorothy “Philpott, John Dar
demic have been some’ hindrance to |by.-George Snively, Amelia Brown.

 

 
 

   
 
 
  
  

     
 

 

Keeping the pores open and
CLEANSED with Lifebtioy
wcans a healthy skin.

  
   

 

 

the work, yet the causes of .fallures ACETET I N ¢ Kitchener Saturday afterngon
often is-due to the indifference of par- GOSFIELD NORTH. noon be
ents in allowing their children to re- Cottam william McHermald, of Dawn, was

   
   
   

drowned while swimming at Govern.
ment Pask, Laké Erle, on Friday.
Young M:«Dermaid was swimming in
the lake, and got beyond his depth, [0
and was carried oul under the water

before his cries for help wer- lieard.
The body was recovered hal! an hour
after he had disappeared.

Jymping from upstairs with a. rope
tied about hermeck. Mrs. Chris Methm;
of Stratford, took her_own lite. Her
husjand made the discovery. He had
left home about 8 o'clock, and when
he seturned about 11 o'clock, he was
shorked to find his wife lying on the
stabs near the bottom. The rcpe was
abou her neck and the other end
arouid the bannister upstairs, Mrs,
Metlm had been unwell for sume time
and {tig belleved that in a fi of mel-
anchola she committed the rash act.

Whia bathing at Lakeside’ Park,
Port Dalhousie, Saturday, the eight- |

[pain guigor soos 3 Naitasy ay Miss Lottle Thomas has returned to
pupils cannot make satisfactory pro- her position a ¥ Fedorich Sigams, of
gress. Bach pupil's daily and half- NVindsor, a Spit) 8 ie Dast

I Asc week at her 1 Re
daily attendance {s on record In the Raymond Smith, of London, preached

school registers. Parents who wish
in Trinity church on ‘Sunday last at
thein children tokeep pace with the 2.45 p.m® in the interests of the Inter-

school work must gee that they attend i
regularly. and also take personal inter- national Britherhood. D Jonah
at In their progress. Teachers. of | Wife Ci spina rs as
pupils ‘who often fail in the higher Te i FL FR
classes can trace thelr failure to some 2 y

Harrow, where he is employed by the

peoviosy Fat Jiresular shondunce: Quality .Canners.—In a basebull game
Ri Noe Kathleen Ferriss, Alger |On Jack Miner's diamond on Monday
ged Hugh McLean, Milfred ‘Barron, | 6Vening: Salem defeated the Cottam
Claud Herdman, Fred. Sparling, Lolio ton bY 8 store of M30 % Fotos!
Pastorfus, Ethel Brimner: Recom- Slark and ras ere Is Sonam
mended—Millie Wright, Sylvia Quick. | battery, With Retest on 4

Ht to Sr. Mi—Passed—Rex Chis- Salem.—Chas. Sweeten has built an
Jr. Ralph Mclonn, Hazel Wright, addition to the barn of Nelson Helkie
Boi, a pn Margaret Chittle, | In the 9th con., and has resliingled and
Clyde Herdman, ga * | resided has barns and other outbujld-

 
 
   
   
   

 
  

 

 
      
       
   
  
   
  
  
  
 

    
   
   
    
  
  
   
   
 
 
  
  
 
  
 

   
   
   
 
  
  
   

 

  
  
   
   
 
   

  
   
 
  

The Tonic Bath

   
      
    
  

   

     
   
 
 
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
      
     
  
   
  
 
   
  

   
   
   
    

  

It is decidedly a gain to find a soap that Jamas Wichnel, Yurgoret Muna Re ings. The bulldings have also been | ol oR daughter of William Willard:
makes the bath a refreshing delight. Itis Fa fh TW Agios Webster, | Dulainas—Cupt and Bre Hadley of | 04,55, QUIRES, Tb OV 5
decidedly a boon to find in that soap 2 Hugh Cunningham, Phyllis Rogers, bhp SES Rt Jone: | sone to” tho beach with her eloven-
health bringer aswell. That is the double Br on Bondy, Sidney [4878 1ast wook at J. C. Montgomery's rowd Tro 3, CatbaFinos way at (ho

\ €! i : De%oy AF sok, Sosinan n 7 |and ton their return to Woodstock, | yaqcn, togethur with 1,200 Toronto ex-

Wright. Recommended—Thelma Sniv-
oly.
"to be promoted to Jr. TI from Jr. ren for a couple of
II on account of good marks received:
Mary Darby, Blanche Brimner, Boa |
Hilton, Morley Readman, Mary Me

8 | BY FOOD -

Jr. 1 to Sr. Il—Passed—Marjorie | The Vim and Vitality Qne Gots

were accompanied by Mr. Montgomery, | oyrefonists. ha child had not been

missed, the fire [ntimation of the
drowning beng when a Toronto bath-
| er stepped upon her body In less than
three feet of Wier, A pulmotor was
used without an: effect.

—— te
Earl Akers, {Omer State Treasurer,

 
 
  
      

   
  

 

benefit you gain with

LIFE!

Te a soap base of the utmost purity we add a

 

    
   
 

        
  
   
   
 
   
   
 
   

 

  

    
   
 
 
   

|

   
   
   
 

 

    
   

wild pond, Mr iron. Hordman. AE Sats multiplies one's vitality. | with angina pectoris. “You're partly

Ee hon. Ada on et and spirit—are sald to “feel their oats.” | gheoplshly; *
ed—Robert Heaton, Bill Sparing, Ira| In Quaker Oats the fuest oats Canadian ;
Foreman, Lester Barron Waiter Tal- gmt) Eo ar Sittings ast
[bo Brit, Suthell, uel oukp ten ouedst isakst Cas ish shel, |
3 : : mum of rich-
on Sr. Pt. II papers to Jr. II, the, A Foy pt 5 bis ott
t Quaker

Jtoliowing phased, tailing 20 Som! Io ih fl vik |

   
 

‘only thatan't her name.”

 

 

    
     
       
  

: Ol Ld 5 Renno, Emma Chittle, Donald Corn- From Oats _ Ko
gentle disinfectant agent that makes bie i wal Eons McDonald, Solomon ‘ ts cotati how 8 Tonks banker, Felates that 3
“ Pe i 2 i : ot. © Recommende n- something in on : “I want & 0 cov-
glow with health®. The healing, copious lat i) Co BRAT i There la something be rah can rin and suid: 1 wax ¢ & oqo book cov:
of Lifebuoy thoroughly cleanses the pores an . | Biste Wilkinson, ax |Fesuits like thom. TO he sams | _ “I.don’t like your hiart action.” tho |
leaves them disinfected and sweet; oo] ISK to Jr. TL Passed hriduot | ol on man, “| doctor said, applying tha stethoscope !
. wis MR ve An extract of oats is employed as a tonic, agin. ¢You have ha} gome trouble |

That's why energetic men—men of vim | right, dootor” sald te young man}

COOL

UNDERPRICED

A Special Selling event of unusual im-
portance $35

: Factory and Wholesale ‘at
i ‘Hamilton, Ontario. :
17 SANDWICH ST. EAST

 

    

|
|

«> Your | Heart's Desire \3

Automobile Tire Repair

+ When you havé a puncture, cut or blow out, consult

§UP-T0 -D

CLOTHES,

    

 

 
 

Two-piece Summer Suits made from a beautiful

flannel effect cloth in light grey, also dark-green shade.
The Coats are unlined with French facings of same
material. The style, a two-button form-fitting model,
perfectly tailored garments that for correctuess of.
style, excellence in fabrics and workmanship are hard
to'equal at the price, $35.

Palm Beach Suits
$18.50

A suit that will give wear and summer comfort.

    
     
          
           
      
   
     

The balance of our staf of these suits is grouped in
one lot at $18.50. The assortment includes light and
dark colors with a fair range of sizes. 3.

Summer Coats
$2.95

Light weight summer coats in black, also grey
stripe, in a special priced lot at $2.95. :

WINDSOR

 

   
   
   
   
       
   
     
     
     
     
   
 
   
   
     
    

 
 
   
 

  
    
    
    
   
 

 

 
 
  

  
   
   
  
 
   
   
    
    
 
   
     
 
         
       
   
       
   

w Ph AE
Plt SRM Syed, no
; 32 i JOT

 

 

   

ws 3 2 SEIT are
xy ath Se
»

hi ASN

r EAE 4 Ar A Bo
-inmusic is in our store. All the melody,\ “. .
all the harmony, all the great operas,’ °
every simplelittle ballad, the latest dance ~ #
that” has caught Broadway, the most
recent Popul hit — here you will find

them all, : 1.
Fn! RVers a
<

olumbia

Grafonolas and Records

That is the - greatest combination in
music.’ To hear any record at its best,
you must hear it played on the
Columbia Grafonola. We have
a complete ‘stock of instru-
ments and records. Come in
{and look and listen.

J. J. BRAULT

AGENT, AMHERSTBURG

 
     
   
   
 

 

  
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
  
 

 

 

 
  
 
 

  
 
 

    
  

Kd

«. There Are

in the way of your coming here for expert work in

      
    
  
    
 
 

We understand every detail of our work and have every .
ility for rendering satisfactory service promptly: »

us about it. Ba oy

ATE TI

  
