GOSFIELD SOUTH.

Klondyke.

Dayton Laramie was taken suddenly
il in school, but is much better—
Lev, Morgan has been i13, but 1s fully
recoverad.—For about a wéel Miss V.
L. McCrae was seriously ill frpm a
heavy cold, but is now nearly recov-
ered —Mr, and Mrs. L. H. Benner vis-
ited: their son Glen at his new farm
here.—Thomas Barbour has engaged
for a. yegr with Joseph Gardiner at
farm 'weffk. For a number of years
he has been working for John McCrae.
—H. Clark and B. Skuvllley have moy:
od 16 the Conklin farm, 6th con., Gos:
field South.—Everett Oxley and For-
ost Meston are building new wire
fences on the front of their farms on
4th concession, Gosfield South,—While
in attendance at the convention of
the Ontario Brotherhood of Thresher
men at London, John McCrae was}
elected president. Since his return
he Is receiving the congratulations of
his many friends, and deservedly so,
Mr. McCrae hag lived in Essex coun-
ty nearly all his life, and by hard
work, frugality, thrift and enterprise
is now ablé to meet conditions of the
proverbial rainy day. Although In
middle }ife, granted continued! health
and strength, he still keeps busy at
his varfous lines of work, and later
on will be more inclined to enjoy life
more lelsurely.—On Thursday evening,
March 13th, Mr. and Mrs. Ed. Towns-
ond were agreeably surprised by a
large number of their neighlors call-
ing upon them on the eve of their de

    
 

 
 
   
   
     
   
   
 
 
 
     

 
 
  

  
 

    
 
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
    
 
  

 
  

SNAPPY, brown cookies, coffee cake
with fruit and spices put in with a
generous hand, pumpkin pie with the
genuine old-time flavor, and man

more. All these good things Grand-

mother made with brown sugar. Her
granddaughters can make them just

as successfully to-day if they use
Lantic
Old Fafhioned Brown Sugar

 
 
 
   
     

   
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  

   

    
  
  
 

  

   
 
  
   
   
     
 

    
    
    

  
  
 

 

 

pone

m— (VW. 8. FENCH, D.DS,

ODR. Graduate in .
‘oronto University mtiatry a |

A SPECIALTY. “Algono’ used or the pg, IE

extraotion oteeth, ™
7 Office tour um. 012: 1:30 to 53 ne
100 p.m any

ich tat REMAN, 41 am

Bi fly. nex 0 nll, nj 5 .
arco Post dice, Amherstburg, Uo J

DR.) TEETER, M.B,

HYBICIAL AND SURGEON
Toronto. 'niversity, Lio. College ite
Yuna and Sur po Bic Ofloo—coat
Ore An r
Amherstburg, h OPPORILe Tow, fia)

R. H. AJBOTT, M.).

HYBICIAN AN) SURGEON, Gru
weon’s Un ersity, Kingston! io 100 |
Peon ad 2 a oan

Use only three level tea-
spoonfuls for five cups

: REDROSE
TEA s good ted

Sold only in sealed packages

 

 
    

   
     
        
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
    
     
  
 
 
  
      
  

 
 

Surgeons, Outari

at Tealdenice Cornel Raukin Avan
Unihousie opposite W
Amberstbury Nlerworky)

DR.A. E. STEWART,

YHYSIOIAY AND SURGEON,

PE eronts University. Ofics, Slduatagy
Unt. Bell Nolephone AI8E 21 | Colon
North Telepiono 79 © 21 ; Sandwich
Telophone, 4 1 18 PM x

Oitey

South

—_—e
DR. V. C. DOYLE, M.D,

WM,

D% W.C.10YLE,M. D,, C. M.,

Honor gnuuateor Western 'U
London; Memerof the College or 1am ,
and Surgeons ofUplario. OfMice in hig, lang
of residence on Talbot Street, next tment
Electric Ry Wafdig room, Essex, x.
connection, specinl attention Prodi
disensvs of wonen und Surgery. hi

4

FRANKLIN A. HOUGH, Bg,

ARRISTES Solicitor, Notary Pubes
B' veyucit, Jo. Oftice 2 Bonu om
pi lbousie sirest, orstburg. Yr
loan, TS. Aa Money,

re———
FRED. H. A. DAVIS, —

i
-
A

 

 

 
  

a5 daily work for
More tm

 
 

oto do

        
 

 
  

folks and t

A PARR the things that in
profits an the farm. 50000 now in use. Be a happy Lead
farmer from now on.

  
 
 
 

     
    

    
 

 

y Pure brown sugar gives to baking and desserts the characteristic molasses taste which is {
{ . : . , . arture from this locality. Tlrey were RR. Soll \
: a great improvement to many dishes. Brown sugar, as well as white, should be kept in recon I ais EE Plenty ABRISTRI 0. Offfow. Riuuulic, con,
the pantry of every household which appreciates old-time goodies. Thomas Grainger making the presen- Fresh Amherstburg. Money -toloan. Iree\
> : + ty ~ ' . . tation, and in cholce’lnngunge express: i om
Brown sugar is economical. It costs a little less per For fear Grandmother's recipes might be forgotten, ed the regrets ( ig CRE ih Running 3 BARTLET & BARTLET,
= : . ro we have reprinted a number of the best of them in : in ; Water ARRISTERS, SolléItord, &c. Offices |
pound than other pure stgars and it flavors as well the booklet illustr Yor the't We nillisend i on their leave-taking, but he also Ditvis Block, Windsor, Money an the
y ( 1} much as you wish. iy nt i ipt of 5% a Eitan voiced the wishes of all pregent for i re WA ry, i Ravrin bia -
ass srocers sell as much as you wish. Q you n rece 2c. stamp. { A : ; — ALTRI G. HANTLET,
2 2 their continued health, strength and n=l -X G8. LA, LLY,
Sala . b , ko. A. URQUK 5 )
prosperity in their new abode. The For Sala by ) 0. A. UNQUHART, B.A." LLB!

     
     

   

MONTREAL

~ evening was pleasantly spent by -re-

lating reminiscent incidents of their

ATLANTIC SUGAR REFINERIES LIMITED

  

 

 

  

 

   
   

 

 

       
     
    
 
    
    
   
   
    
   
      
      
     
     
     
    
   
    
     
     
    
     
     
   
   
   
     
     
    
     
   
  
    
    
     

     
  
 
 

  
 
 

 

notes flor one year in Ontario amount-| Wigle, N 2 Litritan and intro
0 : AVigle, N, vas chi an { Lro-

     
   
  
  
 

     
    

  
 
  
  
 

 
   

 

 
 

   

Si lice s clean so that the numbers may :

Hon Gilman and tliree chil-|be ¢ by the police. duced apfexcellent program’ with an Blood Rich, Red and Pure.
dren have 1 from Cleveland to A of the ‘Soldiers: Ald |approppfite address, the various

Detroit to Commission will be-held {in the Public numbyrs being as follows: Plano solo- Svery - woman—every © glrl—wants

x —To-dny ay) Is, the spring sol- | Librany “Auditoriun this (Friday) €. ‘C.* Chapman, recitations, by Miss ‘pink cheeks. They mean not only

gtice. From : » days will grow | evening for the purpose of organizing | Frances Florey; vocal solo, by Miss beauty but good health. When a wo-

longer than | for work the local commission will Dorothy Wigle; selections by the Am, man's. blood: Js Scant v oF anaemie her

— Mrs. Charles Kemp and son und n connection with our re herstburg orchestra—W. Brault, core color fades, she looks debilitated, 1s

Charles, of Detroit, spent aturday | turr 3. : net; Earl Jones violin; John G. Kol- short of breath, and her heart palpi-

and Sundiay with Mr. and Mrs, Arthur | ving in Essex county fage, bass drum, and Mrs. B. Hollings: | io. ietep slight exertion, Sometimes

Kemp. | development of thei head, plano. Addresses were given b¥ | his trouble is accompanied by severe

Willie Latramhoise and family, of | Dominfon on the border have formed | Rev. W. A: Monieith, B. A.; Rev. H. | j endaches, or pains Inthe back or

| ciation to be known as the Bor-| A, Wright, B, A.; Rev. I, W: Reid, B. sldes: This condition: 1s entirely due

   
   

Detroit, spent a few days with his [ar
mother, Mrs. Frank Laframboise, this |der
week. | org

— Essex County Sanitorfum Associa-| su
tion will @rect a physician's residence al and economic life of. Amer:
adjoining the Sanitorium. at .Union|icans in Canada. J, Hendricks: Amer-
this Spring for which plans are now ican Consul for Windsor, was guest of
being prepared. | honor at the first meeting)

—Ray Nicholson received a letter| “—The Dominion Civil Service “is
from his homme at Chattanooga, "Penn asking for applications for the position
Saturday, imforming him. th | Customs Clerk at Amherstburg,

his {lof
was partly Jestroyed | which the’ promotion of S. EB. M, Tay-

 

D.; vocal solos by little Miss Langlois;
violin selections, by Earl Jones; Irish
recitations, by Mrs. Robert Hamilton;
vocal solos by Miss Marjorie Kemp,
accompanied by Miss Winnifred Kemp,
and addresses by J. A. Auld, Lieut.
Corwin Thorffas, BE: J. Gott and S. Mc:
vocal solos by Miss Mildred Wil-
co! ¢tompanled® by. her sisier, Miss
Marjorie Wilcox. All the numbers
were of high order and encores were

to weak, watery blood, and can only
bé cured by making the blood rich, red
and pure. ‘For this. purpose there is
nothing can equal Dr. Williaris' Pink
Pills, which act directly -upon the
blood, “and “in this. way bring new
health and strength to weak, “ailing
people. ‘Mrs, Anderson, Hearst, Ont.,
SAYS: “Before coming to Canada
from England. 1 was a sufferer from
anaemia for upwards of a year. I had

 

mericans, The object of” the
1 which has existed in a
ill way for some time, is to promote

    
     

 

Gee

   

 

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
    

  
   

2 2 TJ J J JT J a J a 0 a a pe)

      
 
 
   
   
   
  
    
 
 
   
    
      
  
   
   

  
  

mother's home

by fire there Tubsday. [lor made. The salary is $1100 and | numerous. The program concluded | {EE ror INCE oiting~ paler and
—The tug J. L. Miner and a Central | applicants must take a wrilten xin: with the ‘following | waskaer, 1 did not reallze that I was

Delivery ice lighter brought down 400 bination on Tuesday: April 18th, on the address and the Sek. but felt constantly tired and worn |3

of \Wriiine. SERINE. anh: presentation. of 0 out. I had no ambitibn for anything, eolele

tons-of Peclhe Island ice Saturday, and | subjects
a big gang ©f men from town and the metic, letter writing and. experience.
crew of the, ferry Victoria Siowed™it | Soldiers who saw overseas service
away on Boils Blanc island Sunday and | will be given the prefer !
Monday. | —*What becomes of all the needles?
— «The Town of Amherstburg: Ont, | A thriftly Essex wife, who wanted a
has sold an issue of $25,000 6 per cent, |meedle, thought an ‘old-time bran-filled
bonds, payable in 20 instalments. The | pir-cushion” could deliver herrequest,
price pald was 102.207, and at this |go she ripped it, and from its interior,
price they are on a basis of | sorted out 123 needles—long needles:
5.73."—Mometary Times. | short needles, milliner’'s adles, three-
“WW. W. Trimble-left last week for}sided needleg, and even p88 need-
Calgary .to meet his brother, Revijjes. That's one bank where needles
Delmer Trimble. who came there are deposited, so If a sewer is short
from. San Francisco, And transact |of needles,. there's 4he-bank’—the old

some real ostate bHusiness in. which-{pin cushion.”—Essex Free Press,
they are jointly interested. Rev. Del} © __p jgintended by the Ontario Gov
3 shall be

beautiful oak rock-
er to Wm, Rogers,
past N. G. of Syra-
cuse Lodge, 10.0.
F., who had’ been
very active in Odd-
fellowship in Am-
herdtburg © during
his two years' resi-
dence; Mp, Rogers
was completely tile
en by suepris pulled himself to-
gether and e ed in no uncertain
terms his appreciation of the beauti-
fulgift, and of the splendid, way that
he and his family had beéén treated

  

|

 

and grew so white that my brothers
used to calls me ‘snowball. At this
stage my mother decided that she
would get Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills,
whicl: are a favorite medicine in Eng-
land’ as well as in Canbda. On the
day 1 commenced liking them 1 faint.
ed on getting out of bed. and mother
urged me to stpy In bed for a few
dys. 1 really felt so weak that I
whs glad to take her advice. I looked
mpre ‘[fke a-corpse than a living .per-
kn. - | remained fm~bed for asyeek,
taking the pills regularly, and then I
felt that 1 was able to get up, though
not able to go' about. From that on,
however, I d strength daily, and

   
      
    
 

 
  

 

      

 

     
   
    
    
     
     
   
   
   
     
  
  
    
    

about

 

Wm. ‘Rogers

 

 

  

  
 
 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 

    
  
  
 
  
  
     
  

     

mer Trimble Is gradually’ BTOWIDE | rnmant alities
! H Sa - a i , luring thei sidence 3t-
stronger aftér a long. §¢ Ting: fin 5 permitted vear to cultivate CELT g their residence- in Amherst in a little than®a month I was
Pulford w P feeling as | at ever 1 did. The

 

d by private individ-
m Hearst. introduced

—Mr. and Mrs. G.. Ex
delighted Saturday to receive a letler
from thelr son, Pte. Milton Pulford,

vacant lots ov
uals. Sir W
a bill in ‘the Legislature Monday en-

The Address, -
Amherstburg, Om»
March 13th,

color returned to my cheeks and Ips.
And my friends were all surprised ‘av

1919.

   
  

 

  
    
  

 
 
  
 
 
  
    

     

  
  

  

     
 
   
  

who has just landed in NewYork from i .4 the “Vacant Land Cultivation | yr Sviljap’ AVallace id my rapid recovery. 1 took no “medi
overgeas: They had not heard from 4. v the purposes of which is to ex-|° 4 apt valu » Rogers: | cine ft Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills, so
Bingham three weeks before |g. for this year a measure adopted |; J5AF ran. drother,—The offlecrs | 1jyq¢ thy deserve all the credit for my
the, armis 5 8 ad. Helre-lj..0 session forthe war's duration pew A dh = ong] dge, No. 28, [agiorationtip health.”

A very anxious t0 | is ine municipalities to cultivate vac: fo" ud Oddfellows of this vieln-| “yoy can got Br. Willihms' © Pink

      
    

 

ported be

mot home as S00N f fty, have learned with deep regret of

your removal from our midst in the
near future,

Pills through uny dealer In medicine,

he could obtain iq, ying without compensation to the
or by "mail at 50 cents a box ‘or six

his discharge. He had been troughps one fn exphiining the bill Sip Wil:

 
  

 

 

T. J. WIN

 

 
   
   

The Model Bakery Phone 76 Amherstburg, Ont

 

  
   

 

    
 
  
    
    
      
     
   
    
 
 
   
  
  
  
    
 
   
  

90000060

 

  
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
 

   
   

— -— ——— PT
RODD, WIGLE & McHUGH,
YARRISTERS, SOLICITORS, ETC, J, g
) Rodd, B A, LL. B, County Crown Al

G & C0, Windsor.

   
    

 
 

  

 

             

 

past kind and neighborly spirit :
— —_— - — EE - - a torney und Clerk of tho . © for the County
3 1 0 you "” = > of Fasex ES. Wigle, B.A. K.C.: G
l N AN N —J. J. Sinclair has been confined to ODDFELLOWS' “AT HOME.” 0 0 WAN = Soofosfofoofesfectosfostertoofosfooofortertert 0 ) sfesfesfesfest | MoHugh, B, A. ; Roscoe 8. 1+ Gerald
a TOWN AND COUNTY. his room for a week with a heavy cold. D Y U T beled perro dred dod OMiges :—The Canadian Bank A =
\ —Spring. —The caving in of an old sewer at The rooms of Rose Lodge, No. 28, 2 Building. Windsor. 5
—W. S. Stamps pay well. the foot of Murray street has caused a LO.O.F., Amherstburg, were filled to . PINK CHEEKS ? STICK TO YOUR H M DAVIS & HEALY cr
—John G. Mullen tok a. rad spell | dangerous hole, the doors™ on Phursdny night of ‘o AEE IIIT Li
Firiday night * last, but is much ijm- “BH. Mel afirey, town engineer, | last week with members of the Order, 3 Kir. Money to Loan, Medio, ARES,
preoved. Ilins “been fighting an attack of the Foil Tosat and ish ged anijiios ert —_— Windsor. Lah |
—Mhe war tax revenue from postal} "for a week. _ |and friends, the occasion being the . . FEF. D.Davis. B. A, A.F. Healy. |
: Cra P eA are required to keep their [annual “At Home" of the lodge. F. D. They Can be Had by Keeping the Good . Bread the year JAMES B. McLEOD.
N J h . y . |

   
 

If our Good Cooking BAN ATER, SOLICITOR, Ete.

) HBullding, Windsor, Ont, 8; mney to
Joun on furm property nt lowest current rates

FRANK W. WILSON.
YARRISTER, SOLICITOR, Notary Publis
J and Conveyancer, (0f the Onturio and
Hritish Colpmbin Burs,) Money to loanon
Farm Property nt lowest rates of Jiterest
Office Lallelle- Bullding, Corner Otivlletts
auld Lonilon Sts. Windsor, Ont. Phone 355,
B* RRISTER, SOLICITOR, NOTARY, ET0

J ville, Ont, 4

"LAIRD & LAIRD.

7
DROVINGIAL Lard Surveyors and County
| Engineers, Office, Dunstan Bloc

siafrs) Town of Essex, Ont. Spek. (95

J.J. NEWMAN,

IVIL NEER AND ONTARIO LARD
J" SURVEYOR, Drainage wor sclalt
Fleming Biock, Windsor, Ont, ® npeolaty

CLARK & ATKIN,

ICENSED Auctioneers for Essex Count;
Li Omee it Harrow, Ontar‘e, | ui
CHARLES CLARK, GEODGE ATKIN,

J, I; & I. Railway,

WINTER TIME TABLE.

  

round.

« fails to please you, tell us

(7
Nw) and we will improve it if
possible.

Everything in Bread, W. A. SMITH, LL. B. ==

Cakes, Pies, Tarts, Etc., fresh

  

 

every day.

.F. CU

YOUR HOME BAKER.

 

 

}

  

 

 

 
    

 
 

a ut a a Se a he a a a Sat al SLO |

 

>
¥
|

 
  
 
 
   
 
  

    
    
     

 
 
  

  
  
  
  

 

  
  
   

    

 

Comfort Lye is o very powerful ® Cars run on Faste ;
cleanser. It is used far cleaning up ( "In effect bei S\ndird Time.
the oldest and hardest dirt, grease, eta. ® Windsor J i wr 4
Comfort Lye is fine for making sinks, ® to Am: * HY;
drains and closets.aweet andiclean. hérstburg, Kerem
“Comfort Lye Kills ruts, mice, roachés (( dm. 2; Ai
“and insect pests. ® 47 1 a 4.00
Comfort Lye will do the ‘hardest ¥ Bh 4 ; f $15
spring cleaning you've got. ® b 00 2 10.16
Comfort. Lye is good for making soap. ® 1 00 p10.
It's powdered, perfumed and 100% pure. ; 0 2.00 Hl
Ia Sl 2 SS - =o 5.00 15
[} Kl ? 6.00. 015 .
x B : 7.00 716
is splendid for — [& 1
A " . 11,20 10.16
| o : Express car leaves car house, Wind:

     

for, 6.40 a.m..dally, Kxpress car loaves

 

  
 
    
  

boxes for $2.50 from The,Dr., Williams’
Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont?

Mrs, SHugh Hommel, of Oxbow, Sask.,

   
     

allthe battles fmavihich the A E. 5 fam Hearst safd that much land had
participated and luckily came HHEOURIL Gy ay fy Been plowed and prepared for
without a scratch. planting this year, and (he Govern

fore their earnest desire

 

It is ther
that you shall take with you a memo
of our appreciation™of your personal

 
 
      

    
      
    
     
        
     
  

   
    

  
  

 

 
          
 
 
     
    
  
     

   

 

 

- +
—Dr. C. A, Zavitz, Professor of Field} ment desired t en should peace | Jo nnintance and your fraternal. ac has' received a cheque for $100 ‘from hf
Husbaudry at the Ontario Agricultural | be aignad s00n, 1 cultivation should tivities N tien Govern boing no refund of ¥
> College, says that so far as he“can tell | contin#® during the present season. Wo therfore take much pléasure ing the fine fmposed om her husband a +
just now, the fall wheat should gato __A very quiet wedding was sélemn- | helng uble-at this time, animated hy hort time new for having a larger [Ses
through n A eilent oondition, “Ke lied in. Christ church, Amherstburg, | the pure principles of our fraternity. auantity “of, flour on hand than .the
Ww pointed out that’ ft had a _ROO( start on Thursday afternoon, of last week | jh presenting to you. a’ token, which food, regulations allowed.
> last fallf the Winins pag i be ayo the Rey. H, A. Wright, rector, the | we ask you to accept, not Aor the|==—7% - et idee +
severe one, and there had not been |, ia. being Miss Louise Bleackley, ofil honey ol res enlE &
x NEE > #4150 PE LL : a ney valde it represents, but as a A =, S
enough ice todo ary Harm. —3HD “0 Bolton, Lancashire, England: and the] tie that will lead you to a kind, re. UCTION ALE - a
Bishan ’ Bes ana oh he 150k phat IL] sroom A. Br Wing, of Truax,, Sask. | membrance of . us. when your fnter- —OF— I
has not been frégzing and thawing the wely. of the above place. + They |e 3 us Bur FI RY 3
wheat will not bp damaged: He looks formerly of ahove J ' They |course with the world will be accom-| Farm Stock, Implements, &e., |.
i d wore unattended and immediately af-| panied by the best wishes of thie mem- , . +
ole

There will 1a wold by ‘Public Auction at
Lot 4, Concession 7, Anderdon, on

MONDAY, MARCH_24th, 1919
The following:
STOCK—1  (iestnug Divi LA Mare, 7
yours old, good (n all Harness, ght 1150;
b 1600 pounds;
Helgfaps, matched, rising

1 Gre: ir © years ald,

1 Holstein Cow, 7 years
ianuary; 1 Jersey Ww, 6
years, freshened [ash Novembeng duc again
In October; 1 Jopsey Caw, & vedrs, freshen
April 1510: 1 Grade Jersey Helfer, £ months
ald; 4 Grade” Shorthorn Steer, 48 months
old; 1 Neglstered Aberdeen. Angus ( A
years ald, with itolfer CEIr at side § mos.
old, and cow bred Janu 4710 again;
Bharacen Angus Heffor Calf, 7 months old,

igible for registintion.

Sk neding © Ewes, comihg 2
red 10 Reépfstered Oxford-
clus alsa in sale, coming 3

   
   
  

bers of our order.

As you come in contact with the
world at:large in passing the differ-
ent vmilestones of life, we admonish
you to always bear in mind that the
Oddfellows of Amherstburg, © whose
acquaintance you made but two short |
years ago, holds a warm feeling of re-
spect and admiration. for the tributes
you so _unhesitatingly extended to
them at all times; while within the
lodge rooms your activitles of promot-
ing the moral precepts which govern
ug will live long to ‘be cherished by
the members of the Order, whose
emblem holds sway that grand motto
“Friendship, Love and Truth” which

     
 
   
   
   
    
 
      
   
   
   
  
 
   
  
    
  
  
    
   
    
   
   
       
    

for a big crop of fall wheat this year,
provided there are no setbacks in the
Spring. In Essex county the fall wheat

looks fine.

ter the ceremony repaired. td the home
of her sister. Mrs. J. J. Sinclair, Dal-
honsie street It will be remembered
that the bridewrecently arrivéd, from
England to meet her intended hus
band, who has been farming, near
Moosejaw, Sask, for the past seven
years. Mr. and Mrs. Wing left on
Saturday for the wesl, followed by the
best wishes of friends héve.”

—A aosslon of the County Judge's
criminal court will be held in the
county court house at Sanf'wich’ be-
ginning on Wednesday.» March 26th,
opening at 10 o'clock. when the case
King vs, Hays will be dfsposed of.
This case is. a sequel to a number: of

   
  
   
  
  

     
   
  
 
    

 

   
  

 

 

The Strain of
Overwork

Your work ‘is heavy, and sore, tired
‘muscles are & common "occurrence.
Each time your. back aches you blame
it on your work, and just there the
danger lice—for that pain in the back

     
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
   
  
   
 
 
  
  
  
   
 
 
  
   

  
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
  

 
  
   
  
  
   
 
   
   

4700 1
old, freshened Ir

 
 

    

   
  

   
    

  
    
 
 
  

 
  

 
       
   
   

  

     
  
      
  
  
   
  
  
  
    
   
  
  
    
  
  
   
   
    
        
  
 
 

    
 
   
  

ny
n ham, w
years ald.

    
 

      
    
   
 
 
     
       
    

4b d++ MOTHER'S BREAD +44

   
  
 
  

 

may not be from strain, as you sup- |similar cases agpinst several parties |you have endeavored at all times to |Yeqrs ice oo

pose, ‘but the forewarneriof Kidney or | who were charged with theft of liquor fikeep before us. : ) be io Jur Rock pens, last
Bladder trouble. from a railway car in the M C. rall- ; This Dir Ling, So unexpected, 18 keen- ) Ducks and 1 Muscovy Drake
y For your own interest, it is best to |way yards, When the cases ere dis«| ly felt by us, but when you leave you. YeicLES Anh IMPLEMENTS—=i. 2"

take with you from our hearts the
best wishes that can be made, that

 

as now); 1 4" tire Farm

tire Wagon (gi
1 Wagon Box (new);

  
 

ictions were regis

posed of some conv
Miers, and one

be particular “and sure, as Kidney
tered by Magistrate

   
   

Truck, Iron whe

45

        
  

   
    
    
 

  

   
      
  
 

   
 

   
   
   
  

   
 
 
    

— Fire broke out In the roof of the Harrow with pole: Magee “Harts Roller:

kidneys that are bothering you—nat copt this chair, which we trust will

   

1 Massey-Harris If “Tedder; Horan

    

    
   
 
  
  
 
  
    
 
 
  
 
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
  

     

 

      
 
   
  
    
  
   
   

 

  
 
   
 

     
   
  
  
    
    
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
     

. work—and Gin Pills are necessary. Separate school, Richmond street, ¥ri-
No porson can work poeny When |day noon, nnd did some damage before Re comforts for which it Com | Cultivator. “fF, Diteh, ‘seraper; 4
i fhey foul sick, tired and dizzy. all the |the Jrenion got It gyfes contol is "In deep appreciation of our unlim- wikinson Plow: + Eoekamiee Now:
timo. 6 moro they try, the more [ds the third March that sparks Ir m C Q 2 gota Team Harness new); 2 sets
5.17% the , p jted. personal and fraternal acquaint: | Simei Driving ey Oot: Lonthor

get ‘the roof
the fire-

the furnace chimney
ablaze. Very fortunately for®
men the fire was of minor impoytance

energy they use up; and this only tends
“to, aggravate their condition, as tho

ance,

collans, from 10 1) 24-inch (n site: { Bar-
We beg to remain in® Friendship, 1 Pri

rol Churn (new); 4 Butter nt and
Ladle; { Fanning Mi with Bagger: 2 B

  
  
  
  
  
  
    

   
  
  
     

‘kidneys aro “already tired out with n > oO | Love and Trush,¥ — 1 :
their endeavors to relieve their con- |as only two hoBecarts were in com- The wellwishers of tie Oddfellows eh RR com F De a os

Ibs. capmeity [newys f
form Scale, 240° mM ]
Wheelbarrow: 1 Io i 24 Orain
Rags: Neckyokes, Iron and woods. Double-
Trees, heavy and light, nd 3 horse: 6
Log_ChBins, all # as 3 4 fet. Log
Bunks with Lug I*of any 38” bun

cant Hooks; Sw. 3 3 Crossg

4 Post. Auger;
rk; Shovels; , aie, 100
NUMArous to mentions: :

     

mission, That from the First Ward
was down town with hose unréeled;| # (amberethuré. and 8 loin:
being used to wash out a cellar homes” ever given by the lodge was
‘While citizens ghould be given avery brought to ® close with a bountiful
assistance in their efforts to clean gpread—a Credit to the officers and
their premises, it was never intended members WhO Dreébared it
that he safety of the town should be
endangered by lending the hose carts
and hose—old lengths of hose are al-
| ways available for this parpose, and
any town official who sanctions or per-| jume thelr trade relations with Amer-
mits the fire hose to be used this Way |jca, are b passage on Atlantic
lays Tiimself open to criticism. * | steamers: which %arry few: civilian pas-
bee A 8 .  Accommulation is so limjt-
—1If yon are troubled with rheum-|ed that intending passengers have to
atism, liver or kidney trouble, call and | wait two motnhs for a Lertu. East-
.|see me at the Lake View hotel ‘Mon-, liners, on the other haul. are
or Thursday es ~ Con- full pre-war passenger bok-

Combination Fit,

"gested state and perform their fune
n' Jack;

tion properly. &
“The kidneys are d licate and vital
organs; once they become affected
through any cause—you suffer until
the congestion is relieved and the
cause remedied. d
Don't let your system become run
down. A box or two of Gin Pills will
relieve those kidney complaints and
yentore your old-time health and
strength. ©
‘our health is priecless. Don't risk
. Keep your kidneys in order
g Gin Pills. #3
harap 7a The National
ple to The
of Canads, L

     
   
   
   
  
     
    
   
   
   
   
 
 

    
   

 

         
 
 

\

   

—

 
   
   
   
   
  
   
  
   

     
 
   
  
  

British DUsINess men, eager to re-
in barn; 400
clean and ne for &
Barley and Wheat; 600
Linseed Meal
Sale to begin at
TEAMS —AIl sums
mr ol
Bip wd
for cash on sums
A Tri <0
Augtioneers.

 

       
 

    
      

FAR db

good rich milk and NEAL'S MOTHERS BREAD.

you have a fine, complete nourishing meal. , Try it.late
some night after working overtime.
then in place of a heavy meat meal.
of NEAL'S MOTHERS BREAD makes it ideal for bread-
and-milk, fine for children, satisfying-for grown-ups, good
for all.

say SO.

NEAL BEKING GO. Ltd.

Phone 59

Son's, G. F. Girardin's, A. J. Burns’ John Grant's and T. J. Harris’

t1ouhley inevitably pull you Jows and {sterd by Judge D le. The | your new field will be more advantage- | 1 Eat Tack and ix combined; | pair Bob
d i pT, was regiaterd by Judge Drom7ole. K€ p B -11 cK and Ii : : "
v “Take es tral tame Do |case King vs. Ash, alleged theft of anjous to your welfare, and that- your os 1 I hi LL Nopen Sala in Jarrow by W - R. Boyos' & Co. In McGregor by Beuglet Bros. >> — ed
“you get dizzy and have repeated hend- | automobile, also will be disposed of.|family may join‘the prosperity which [1 7.foo1 out ¥ro.i & Weod Grain Binder ne . tae. 4 Mond
“aches, puinful urination, brick dust de- The regular non-jury sittinga of the the Almighty in his Providence "will with re carl Brantfora Truck, (this |Sold for Cash Onl Notice i C edit
posits, or feel drowsy, and, generally, county. court will commence on April oi jo roa you fd Tooth Cultivate wide PULL P.8.~Do not waste bre Yo 0 I ; ors:
good for nothing? If so, it is your [Ist at 10 o'clock. e e cap only say that we are BOITY | points; 1 Spi oth. Harrow, & sections; Food | 38, Syery, Suis E risgied, ; —
» to see you go, and we nsk you to ac-|1 Disd Harrow wiih fore carriage; 1 ,Dlsc ood Control of Canada License No. 5-445 —

SHIP b bbb bb dtd dd dit MOTHER'S BREAD bdbbddbbd ddd

 

JOISTS, MOULDINGS OF ALL KINDS, DOOR SASH,

 

              
    
    
     

; + MOTHER'S BREAD - i car house 2.00 ),m; Sunday excepted:
dobob bk READ dobbs dedbbobobobdededeobt | ALL Amilorsiurg cars ran through |
5 1 :

TRY BREAD AND MILK {immo

Standard time, i)
: ; SIDNEY ANDERSON,
One of the greatest dishes in the world, IE you have

General Manager, p
SW. W. &A and W. & Thr.

 

High Class Honuments a 3$Hssiiz.

LEAMINGTON
Granite and Marble Works

C. A. CULLEN, Proprietor,
Write ifor Prices.
LEAMINGTON. ONT

Cut your bread into inch squares, put in a bowl with
taste of sugar, pour over boiling milk and—Pres(o!—

   

   
   
   
   
         
   
   

Adopt it now and
The rich goodness

Phone 275

 

Your grocer will deliver you a loaf as soon ‘as you

“WE INVITE THE TABLE TEST.”
Food Will Win the War—Deon% Waste It.

 
 

Veterinary Surgeon.

Offica and resid 3 uh
one aes MR pan usle tre! To
“tions No. 142 Calli answered day of n

> WINDSOR 31-37 Salter Ave

For sale In Amherstburg at J. H. Lovegrove's, G. T. Florey &

 

  

w

i the matter of the estate © . Esther
Sate tu of ot Seo Re
doone ® County of Essex, olin

Sebi bbb bbb bbb dk bqyadg SS HIHLOW Ea of ok

    
     
    
 
    
 

i

WE HAVE IN STOCK

SHINGLES, LATH, CEDAR POSTS, BARN BOARDS,

¥

  

flonan 0

 
    
 
  
  
   

RUBBEROID ROOFING,
Place your order with us and save money

JOHN FRASER

Planing Mill and Lumber Yard

       
     

og

 

NOTICE Is h reby
bh Shinter ar,
Mh, EADS tin ental IF 4

ai] Li DOSE a oe 3 iver:

Vie, "All }
Sandwich FOS tor on on
Twenty-fourth dy of Ma
names and adresses and
nature of <ece)
duly verified ey 4
24th day of a the
will proceed to oy A
thereto, having ToRAd 0
of which® he thd Ad

tie 28th day: of Au
prep
, or bof
eh HH)
of particulars of their ig
hE
And take whsies J
said deceased amo
have had

any pa
of whose claim
‘| received by him

4 4
d tribution.

\
notie
