A BY-LAW to authorize a certain agreement made between The Hydro-Eisc-
tric Power Commission of Ontario and.the Municipal Corporation of the
Township of Anderdon, and other Municipal Corporations, for the con-
struction, acquisition, equipment and operation of an Electric Railway
under “The Hydro-Electric Railway Act, 1914," and amendments thereto.

Whereas it is expedient that the Corporation of the Township of Anderdon
and other Municipal Corporations should enter into an agreement under “The
Hydro-Electric Railway Act, 1914.” and amendments thereto, with the Hydro-
Electric Power Commission of Ontarfo, hereinafter called thd Commission,
for the construction, acquisition, equipment and operation of an Electric
Rillway in and through the Municipality of the Township of Anderdon, and
certain other Municipalities, upon the terms and conditions’ and subject to
the provisions set forth and contalned in the Agreement sat out in thiz By-
lay, and according to the routes set forth 4w¥ Schedule “A” to the sald
agreement.

And whereas the estimated cost of the work under the said Agreement
ic $2,100,000.00; and whereas the portion of the cost of the construction,
acquisition and equipment of the line to be borne by the Corporation of the
Municipality of the Township of Anderdon is estimated at $143,536.00, as set
out In Schedule “B” to the said Agreement, subject to adjustments and
avportionment between the Corporations by the Commission from time to
time, as provided by the said Agreement; :

And; whereas the total amount estimated to be required for the main-
tenance of the rallway, apart from operating expenses, [s $134.000.00 (the
operdting revenue being estimated at $491,000.00), and operation and main-
tenance at $329,000.00.

And whereas the total annual amount estimated to be
ind of ten years immediately following the date of issue o
Issued under the safd agreement for interest on the. sal
and for sinking fund charges is $18,490.00, and for the period of thirty years
following the said ten-year period for Interest Is $95,755.00 and for sinking
fund is $21,000.00, and for the period of ten years following the said thirty-
year period for Interest is $12,550.00 and for inking fund is $2,510.00.

The Municipal Corporation of the Townsalp of Sandwich East, the Town-
ship. of Anderdon of the said annual amoun-a estimated to be required for
maintenance, sinking fund charges and interest {3s estimated at $16,967.67
for the first ten years as aforesaid, and for the next following thirty years at
17.129.23, and thereafter at $10,188.32, on the same basis as the portion. of
the cost of construction and equipment, as aforesaid, subject to adjustments
and apportionment between the Corporations by the Commission from time
to time as provided by the said agreement; :

And whereas the amount of the whole rateable property of the Corpor-
ation according to the last revised Assessment Roll fs $1,455,841, and the
amount of the debenture debt of the Corporation is $50,934.26. of which
felther principal nor interest is in arrears; - :

And wheras only a portion of the Municipality of the Township of An.
derdon. as enumerated In Sehedule “C” to the sald Agreement, Is served by
snid Rallway,

Therefore the Municipal Council of the Cor
Anderdon enacts as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for the Corporation of the Township of Anderdon
and the said Corporation Is hereby authorized to enter into the following
geement with the Hydro-Electric Power Commission of Ontario and other
1ave issued orporations, the said agreement being hereby incorporated into and forming
I Agents 10 ac- a part of this By-law, and the Reeve and Clerk of the Corporation are hereby
for Ontario authorized and directed to execute the sald agreement upon behalf of this
until a Corporation and to attach the seal of the Corporation thereto.

2. Only those duly qualified property owners in the Township of Anderdon

    
 

 
 

the medicinal
vapor that ls
h liberated is breathed
to the remotest
parts of the sir pas.
/ | sages and lungs. It
soothes and heals the
joflamed membranes,
thus ending the {irritation
and stopping the cough.
Peps are equally good for
bronchitis, sore throat and
laryngitis. All dealers, 50c.
box, or Peps Co., Toronto.
required for the per-
t the Bonds is to be
d Bonds is $95,755.00

     
   
 
  
  
  
    
    
  
  
 
   
    
  
  
    
   
   
    
  
   
 
     
    
    
    
  
 
  
  
    
   
   
   
  
  
   
  
   
  
    
   
   
    
    
    
   
    
  
 
  
    
    
     
   
  
   
    
     
  
      
     

 

 

OFFICIAL LIQUOR?
VOTE ANNOUNCED

 

il referendum returns from 94
» 111 constituencies in Ontario
for the “noes” on
ns:
1, majority 351,708; ques-
majority 293.881; question
320.644; question 4, majority |

       
  
 
  

  

poration of the Township of

FORBIDDEN TO TAKE
LIQUOR SHIPMENTS

 
 
   
 
 
 
  
   
  
     

   

 

 

Canadian poin
ned

   
    
 

 

g the

  
    
 

prohi will “in the district’ enumerated fn Schedule “C” of sald Agreement shall be en.
come ation of d to vote on the B w, and any rate required to be levied for payment
peal us been i of debentures or ir it thereon shall ba raised, levied and collected from

 

prgferty in such district only:

 

 

8 Interest-| Batwaen
conditions
have been any-

THE HYDRO-ELECTRIC POWER COMMISSION OF

in tk nafter called the “Commission™) of the First Part,

ONTARIO (here.

   

      
  
 

  
  
 

the Town of Ojibway, the

   
 

various On iunicipalities.{ Town of Amherstburg, and the Clty, of Windsor, (hereinafter called the *Cor-
Plans for next s eg are already un-| porations”) of the Second. Part,
der. way and ft {8 _ anticipated that Wiiereas pursuant to the Hydro-Electric Railway Act, 1914. and amend-

 

4.00 homes will be
nder Government

built in Ontario
oans in 1920

 

ments thereto the Commission 4s requested) to inquire into, examine,
Investigate and report upon the cost of construction. and operation of an
electric rallway or raliways to be constructed through, certain districts in
which the corporations are'sftuated; together with the probable revenue that
would result from the operation of such rallway or railways; )

And whereas the. Commission has, furnished the corporations with such
a report showing (1) the total estimated cost. operating revenue and
expenses of the rallway or rallways, and (2) the proportion of the
capital cost to be borne-by eadh of the corporations as set forth in schedule
“B" attached hereto;

And whereas on receipt of the sald report the corporations requested

   

 

A POE TALE.

 

t
Former President Taft told at a lit-
erury dinner an anecdote about a col-
ored man,
“A colored man.” he said. “knocked
at Mrs. Brown's bagk door and asked
tor a job of work.

«

L(

r

 
  

    
   

The cc
struc}
breas

ored man's. eyés buiged-and

hy reason of any error or omission in any estimates, plans or specifications
21a redounding whack

for any financinl or otlier obligation or loss whatsoever by ivirtue of this
agreement or arising out of the performance of the’ terms thereof;

  
 

C

the

 

 

 

   

 

 
 

   
  
    
  
  
    

 

premises and of the agreements of the cor
subjift to the provisions of the said Act

1. In consideration of the
porations herein contained, and

roof erans of tie

in No.1 Military Dis-

e nanib

ve

    
     
  
     
 

 
     
         

      

   
   
       
 
  
  
   
  
 
   
  
 
   
  
  
 
 
  
   
  
 
  
 
  
     
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
   
  
      
    
 
 
 

(¢) To issue bonds, as provided In-paragraph 3 of thls agteément, fo
cover the cost of constructing and equipping the railway;

(d) To furnish as far as possible first-class modgrn and standari. equip-

thaw. F Recently young boys, woung
zirls and women. have been wearing

   
 

,

 

  
  
  
   

orviee badges, ribbons, ete. Liiont } j »
spcaliging what these articles refire. | nent for use on the railway. to operate this equipment go as to give the best
aknt. The veterans say that the in-| service and accommodation possible, having regard to the district served,
disedimizate wearing of tudue badges | the type of construction and equipment adopted.nnd all other equitable con-

 

0
N
n

 

ditlons, and to exercise all due skill dnd diligence so as to sccure tie most
effgetive operation and service of the railway consisteht with go
ment;

   

@g tends to halitdle the in.
no alone ma% ba aliowed fo
1, and adverkely reflevts on

 

od manage-

 

 

 

   

3 imate veteran. They ask (¢) To regulate and fix the fares and rates of toll to be collected by the | d
& the atiention of the, public he | rallway for all classes of service; } : i A
“alled to this matterand their co-oper- . (tf) To utilize thé routes and property of the railway for all purposes |o
x ation requested fhat ie” King’s uni-| froin which it js possible to obtain a profit. 3 5 21)
x form be worn” only “hy hoffe = who t (g). To .combine the property and works of the radlway and<ha power ~
have authority to wear fi andionly on | ines of the Commission” where such combination 8 feasible and mdy prove | t
uitalde oceasions, and secondly, that | ¢conomical to both the raflway and the users ofthe power lines; - 1]

h uring of s« ce hadges, medal (h) To permit and.‘ebtaln Interchange of trafMe’ with other raliways

zibbous. svound siripes, ete, by thoge | Wl erevar possible and profitable;

 

(1) * To supply electric power or énergy for operation of the ‘midway at
rates gonsistent with, those charged to municipal corporations;

(J) To apportion annually the capital costs and operating expense nf all
works; apparatus amd plant used by the railway in common with the Com-
mission's transmission lines. in a fair manner, haging regard. to the services,
furnished by. the expenditure under consideration; A

*(k) To apply the revenue derived from operation of the raflway anid any
nther gevenue ‘derived from the undertaking to the payment of operating
expenses (Including electrical power), the fost of administration, and annual
charges foryinterest and sinking fund on the money Invested, and such other
deductions as are herein provided for;

(1) To sét-asidé from any revenue thereafter remmining an annoal sum
for the renewal of any works belonging In whole or in part to the under-]
taking;

(0) To pay over annually to the corporations, If deemecd advisable by
the Commission In the interests of the undertaking, any surplus that may
remain after providing for the Items above mentioned. Tha division of
such surplus between the corporations to be fixed by the Commission on-an
equitable basis, having regard {n the case of each corporation to the, capital
invested, the service rendered, the comparative benefits derived, and all
other like conditions;

(n) To take active steps for the purpose of constructing; equipping and
operating the railway at the earliest possible dale after .the execution of
this agreement by the corporations and the deposit of the debentures as
called for under clause 2. (b) hereof and to €ommenca operation of each

ction ns soon as possible after its completion; - ; ’
= (0) To make — extensions to the railway described in schedule “A”
as may appear advantageous and profitable from time to-time.

Provided always that as piirt of any line of railway to be constructed and
operated by the Commission, the Commission may purchase, lease or obtain
| running rights over any steam. railway, electrical railway or street raflway
or any part thereof, and that wherever the words “construction”, “con-
structed,” “construct” or “constructing” occur In this ageement they shall be
interpreted as Including “acquisition,” “acquired,” “acquire” or “acquiring.

2. In consideration of the premises and of the agreements herein set
forth, each of the corporations for itself, and not one for the other, agrees
with the Commission:— - 4
(a) To bear its share of the cost of constructing, equipping, operating,
maintaining, repairing, renewing and insuring the railway and its property
and works as established by the Commission, subject to adjustments and ap-|
portionment between the corporations by the Commission from time to

~. (b) To issue debentures for the amounts set forth fn ule “B”
turing in fifty years from the date of {ssue thereof, and bearing In
not less than ‘per centum per annum,
he pe Dies ro Ontarie: oh
the Commis; pravious to the
nay Id or disposed ot from

who have not geen service, cease,

ti

    

1

       
    
    
      
   
   
   
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
 
   
  
 
   
   
 

un

  

       
     
    
 

by

 
  
    
    
   
   
  

about the bath soap you use.
« Keep the skin clear -and
jl smooth snd eat okin

  

   
   
  
   

  

  
 
 
 
  

  
  

the best of all soups—
It is more than a cleanser,
] ls too. 7 :

 
  

 
 

agreement, and as soon as the cause of such interruption is removed the
Commyjssion shall, without rany delay, continue full operation of the rail
way, ind each of the corporations hall

system operated in whole or in part by the Commission, and tn’ exchange
equipment and operators from ‘one system to the other, proper provision
teing made so that each system shall
cest.of any equipment used fn common.

mission for an
mission shall notify the applicant and the corporations, in writing, of -a

Laud conditions relating to such proposed extension.
inn of the Commission, such extension shall- be
‘rimination in favor of the applicant, as fio the cost Incurred or to be incurred

Commission:

in the.form of a municipal by-law duly passed By fhe commeil of

such ‘differences, and such adjustments shall be final.
shall’ have all the powérs that may be conferred npon a commissioner ap-

from the date hereof and at the expiration thereof.be subject to renewal,
sith the congent of the corporations from. time to time for like periods

the sald schedule,

py the Lientenant-Governor in Council.

's int Lake St. Clair, where it turns due west along Lesperance
An fo I right df way Is then used to the end of Ottawa Ave-

reports on these questions for th Joh :
>and th long the Bald avenue to the easterly limits of the iTown of qa r the! John Johnson, agdd for t, wos
mic: ant ad : Government '] crushed to death between two huge
J or Mr. Drury, Mr: Raney and Mr, :

FORD CITY SECTION:

pality. :
WALKERVILLE SECTION:

erly limits of the Municipality. A second line extends along Ottawa Street

Terminal Rail tracks at Walker Road, northerly to Wyandotte Street,
ond west on Wyandotte to the Municipal Boundnry between Walkerville and
Windsor. A fourth line extends no:
Road, Assumption and Victoria

4,

ioned, on Sandwich Street.

Boundary of the Town of Walkerville to Elm Avenue and then southerly
ve
he a Pits on Wyandotte Street to Ouellette Avenue. A third |
line extends southerly on Ouellette Avenue ‘from Sandwich Street to the
Race Track that is located [n Tecumseh Road. A fourth ilne extends west
erly on London Street from Ouellette to the westerly boundary of the city
A fifth line extends southerly on Wellington Avenue from London Street to
| Tecumdeh Road. ; # oe Fil
SANDWICH TOWN

   
  
 

forty

; ] -AM

Commission 6d 0F 4 clause 4 hereof, In such amounts,

a. as. Total 41,
debenture: » ha "
sued by TeBpao

DOBIL With thy (y

UM .and on such terms and conditions as the § ot ji

tion shal) deem to be In the interest of th

debgrures being used solely for the purposes
The amount oi gahentures of each corporation sold 0
disposed of from time to time shy; pa such proportion as may be fixed by
ihe Commission of the total amowy of debentures, due regard being giver
lo the capital Invested, the service gngered. th comparative revenue derived
und all other equitable conditions.

(c) To make no agreement or

such rates of discount or premi
Comm

herein contained. NAME OF MUNICIPAL

CORPORATION.
Township of Sandwich East
Fownship of Sandwich West....,.
Township of Anderdon.....
Town of Ford City...
Tewn of Walkerville, .
Town of Sandwich. ...
Town of Ojibway,

” rangement with, and (0 grant no bonus
license or other inducement to any her raflway or transportation company
without the written consent of the mmission;

(d) To keep, observe and perfirm the covenants, provisos and cond!
tions set forth in this agreement inapded to be kept and observed anc

 

performed by the corporations, and ty execute such further or other [| "own a her - we. 126,867 §
documents and to pass such by-laps as may be requested by the Com [City of OBR + fv au Sannys - M615 h
wisslop: for the purpose of fully efiictuating the objects and intent of this Total amount of bonds to be issued mentioned in Clause 3... 82,1000
(e) To furnish a free right of Way for the railway and for the power “The Hydro-Electric Power Commission 5 b
lines of the Commission over any property of the corporations upon being ; of Ontario
£0 requested by the Commission, and 10 €Xécute such conveyance thereof ERs SCE PE Ss
or agreement” with regard thereto as may be desired by the Commission. Chairman :
3." It shall be lawful and the {ommission Is hereby authorized to create rE TT hon vs eae
or cause to be created an issue of bulis, and to sell or dispose of the same Secretary is
on behalf(of the corporations. Such bonds to be charged upon and secured Sie oe

The Municipal Corporation of...............

by the raflvay, and all the assets, rights privileges, revenues, works,
property and effects belonging thereto or tld or psed in connection with
the railway constructed. acquired, operated wd maintained by the Com:
mission under this agreement, andilo be for thi total amounts mentioned In
schedule “B” hereto attached; provided that the Tonmissfon may, upon
obtaining the consent as herein defined of the majority of the corporations,
increase the said bond Issue by any amount necessary to cover the capital
cast of extending the railway, and may also without sudi consent increase
the sajd bond issue to cover the cost of additional works ar equipment of
any kind for use on the raflway to an extent not exceeds ten per cent
(107) of the bonds issued from time. to time. In order to meet. and pay
auch bonds and interest as the same becomes due and pajable. the Com-
mission shall in each year after the expiration of ten years from the date
of the issue of the bonds out of the revenue of the railway after payments
of operating expenses (including electrical power) and the rst of adminis-
‘ration set aside a fufficient sum to provide a sinking fund for the purpose
of redeeming the same at maturity. Debentures issued by the corporations
in compliance with clause 2 (b) hereof, shall, to the extent of the par value
of any bonds outstanding from time to time, be held or disposed of by the
Commission in trust for the holders of such bonds as collateral security for
payment thereof, it being understood and agreed that in the event of any
increase of the said bond issue each corporation shall, upon the request of
the Commission, deposit with the Commission ‘additional debentures as
described fn clause 2 .(b) hereof, to be held or disposed of by the Commis-
sion as collateral security for such Increase of the sald bond issue, and that
a=y debentures held by the Commission In excess. of the par value of the
outstanding bonds from time_to time may be held or disposed of by the

   

NOTICE.
TAKE NOTICE that the foregoing is a true copy of a
of the Corporation of the Township of Anderdon to be subm|
uf the electors on the sixth day of December, A.D. 1919, between the

proposed B

tted to the Yay

Votey
hoary
¢ fol.
With |
umber
len gy
louse

of nine o'clock in the forenoon and five o'clock in the afternoon at (},
lowing places: Polling Sub-Division Nnmber 1, at the Town Hal]
Anson’ Pettyplece as Deputy Returning Officer; Polling Sub-Divisfon N,
2, at the achool house in School Section Number 4, with A. J. Gol
Deputy Returning Officer; Polling Sub-Division Number 3, at the schon)
In Public School Section Nnmber 2 & 5, with Francis Monforton as Deput
Returning Officer; Polling Sub-Division Number 4, at John B. Dufour's id
dence. with Gilbert Jeandoin as Deputy Returning Officer; and that the 5th
day of December, 1919, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon at Raymond Rocheleag'y
residence in tho sald Municipality, has been fixed for the appointment of per.
30ns fo attend at the polling places and at-the final summing up of the votes
by the Clerk.

And that if the assent of the electors is obtained t.
By-law it will be taken into consideration by the Muni

nN

0 the sald pronogse,
cipal’ Council of the

g rpo t a meeting thereof to be h
Commission to secure payment of any deficit arising from the operation of gad Zoronation al a as oreo to be hed eT Je Sprain 4 on
the rallway. ; ro oh
4. In the event of the revenue derived from the operation of the under- month m the date of the first publication of this notice, and that such firs)

publication was made on the fourteenth day of November, A.D. 1919.
And further take notice that a tenant who desires to vote upon said
proposed By-law must deliver to the Clerk not later than the tenth day beforg
the day appointed for taking the votes a declaration under The Canada Ev}.
dence Act that he is a tenant whose lease extends for the time for which
the debt or liability is to be created or in which the money to be raised Bb
tiie proposed By-law is payable or for at least twenty-one years and that rn
has by the lease covenanted to pay all Municipal Taxes in respect of the
property of which he {s tenant other than.local improvement rates, . 3
A. C. MAILLOUX, j
et Clerk.

taking being insufficient in any year to meet the operating expenses (includ-
ing electrical power), the cost of administration and the annual charges
for interest and sinking fund on the bonds, and for the renewal of any
works belonging in whole or in part to the railway, such deficit shall be
paid to the Commission by the corporations upon demand of and in the
proportion adjusted by the Commission. In the “event of the failure of
any corporation to pay Its share of such a deficit as adjusted by the Com-
mission, it shall be lawful for the Commission in the manner provided in
clause 2 (b) to dispose of debentures held by the Commission as security
for any such deficit. Any arrears by any corporation shall bear interest at
the legal rate. / :

5. Should any corporation fail to perform any of the obligations to tne
Commission under this agreement, the Commission may, in addition to ull
other remedies and without notice, discontinue the service of the railway

   

 
 
 

    

  

 

THE DRURY CABINET.

EW FRANCHISE
ACT IS PROPOSED

 

 

    
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
   
 
 
   
   
  
   
  
 
    

 
  
 

Mada d and entered this ........ ARy of a 19.... | to such eorporation in default until the said obligation shas been fulfilled, | E. “C. DRURY, Prime Minister and rm,

ONT GOVERNMENTS deny ir Si om a BT and no such discontinuance of service shall relieve the corporation In default | * President of the Council. Intention to Have One for ‘Dominion

. WILL BUILD 4.000 g Reeve from ‘the performance of the covenants, provisos and conditions herein! W, E. RANEY, K.C. Attorney-Gen- Not Based on Provincial Lists,

3 - HOMES NEXT YEAR contained. eral,
I a aR RE a / 6. In case the Commission shall at any time or times be prevented from | PETER SMITH, M.P.P, Provincial] At the next session of Parlinmeng 3 li

il Clerk operating the railway or any part thereof by strike, lockout, riot, fire. H TN SEP RTE noe Fedora! Franchise Act will pos.
d : , invasion, explosion, act of God, or the King's enemies. or any other cause|H. €. NIXON, : MLP.P, rovincial | sibly’ occasion more excitement ung .
a AGREEMENT HEREINBEFORE REFERRED TO. reasonably beyond, Its control, then the Commission shall not be bound to| Secretary. strong words of debate than any LL
This indenture made the ...........- Te a in | Operate the railway or such part thereof during such time; but tho cor-|F. C. BIGGS, M.P.P., Minister of Pub-[{ssue. The present intention is {o
the r of our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and parations shall not be relieved from any liability or payment under tai=| lic Works have a Federal franchise, not based’as

BENIAH BOWMAN, M.P.P., Minister
of Lands and Forests.
WALTER ROLLO, M.P.P,, Minister of

of old on the Provincial lists, but made
up under Federal auspices and alto.
gether independent of -the Provincial

be prompt and’dlligent in doing

|
thing 7, r ol and overything in its power to remove and overcome any. such cause or causes Labor and Health. : machinery. - ~H
Housing 13s lef. THe Municipal Corporation of the Township of Sandwich East, the Town. | Of interfuption RH. GRANT, “MPP, Minister of The ‘provision giving the franchise
to get a g I g hip 6I Sandwich West, the Township of. Anderdon. the- Town of Ford City. 7. It shall be lawful for, and the corporations hereby authorize tlie Com-| Education. i to women, as already embalmed jn
wlution of the ising problem. of | 1,6 Town of Walkeryille, the Town of Sandwich, p mission to unite ‘the business of the railway with that of any othe: railway | MANNING W. DOHERTY,

Minister | thie By-Elections Act of ‘the first ses.

sion of 1919, will go holus-bolue aver
the new act. That fs to say, all
native-born and naturalized Canadfn
women of the proper age will have the
right to vote, but no woman will be
considered naturalized because of the
naturalization of her husband.

It {8 understood that there will ba
3 disfranchising« clause covering de-
faulters from military service and con-
scientious objectors. Enemy. allons
who are already naturalized : will be
subject to keen scrutiny under the
new Act and the Naturalization Act.

of Agriculture, y
*H. MILLS, M.P.P., Minister of Mines,
LIEUT.-COL! D. CARMICHAEL, M.P,

P., Minister without Portfolio.

*To be sworn in as Minister with-
out portfolio pending creation of new
department by Legislature.

Who's Who in the Cabinet.
Here Is the Cabinet in a nutshell:
H. Mills, Labor member for. Fort

William,“ an- Englishman, and a loco-
motive engineer. He was a miner In
Wales. For 7 years he has’ been
member of Fort William Board . of

pay Its proportionate share of the

8. If at any time any other municipal corporation applies ts the Com-

extension of the railway into its municipality the Com-

ime and place to hear all representations ithat may be made as to the terms
If, on the recommenda-
authorized, without dis-

or or by reason of any such extensiom, the Commission may extend the
allway upon such terms and conditions as may appear equitible to the

    
 

  
    
   
 
 
  

“*What's your name? Mrs. Brown | tie Qommission to construct, equip and operate a system. ofseléaleic: rail. No such application for an extension of the railway into any muni. | Education, 5 = a
inquired, for she liked the fellow"s (hereinafter called the Aary over the routes fata down o be cipality the’ corporation of which lis not a party to this agreement sholl| Walter Rollo, of Hamilton, leader DEATHS b¢ DOINGS,
looks, “A” attached hereto, upon the ferms and conditions and fn the manner here. | De Branted if it is estimated by ithe Commisson that the cost of service fof the Independent Labor party fn LEM SMITH, '%
| v*'Mah name’s Poe, ma'am,’ he ans-| in setoforth: nf the railway to the corporations parties hereto will’ be hereby Increasey [the new! Legislature, Formerly a Lem Smith, an old r. 1a } oN i 2
wared. Y I And whereas the Commission lids agreed “with the corporations “ony and the revenue and hccommodaition be Injuriously affected witliout the broom-maker, and since May editor) geq township, Pagoed Toridant on 31
* ‘Poe. eh? said Mrs, Brown. ‘I sup-| b-half of the corporations to constrict; equlprand opetate the railway upon] Written consent of the majority off the corporations parties hereto. of “Labor News,” 53 . ton on Sunday, aged 87 years. He
ie same of your family once worked fthe terms and copditions and in the mannerjherain set forth;—but. upon | % ‘9. The consent of any .corproration required under this ageoment. shall | _ Licut.Col. Carmichael, D.S.0.) resided with his son Albert on the 5th"
for Edgar Allan Poe—djd they? the express conditions that the Commission shall not in any way be liable nlean the consent of the council of sueb corporation, such copren being IME, who will represent the soidicrs, o, - ¥

concession of Mersea aud jast July
went to Hamilton to visit @ number

of his children. He became.fll about
Septentoer 1st, /

e | as Minister without
four years overseas,
he appointe

    

lio, served
e will likely,
d to the Hydro Commis"

  

 

orporation. ay 4

10. The Commission shall, at least Snpuiny, adjust and epportion bet cn

        
 
 

 
 

) } Sy 4 due .méainly to. ad- 4
Wi ma'am,’ he said, ‘Ah is Edgar And ere electars of each of the corporations have afsented [tie corporations the cost of construction, equipment, operation. Interest, |sion. He is ‘a farmer of over 200 vanced. ; i
tan Poet JF to bya fithorizing the corporations-io enter: into this agreement with | Sinking fund, and alsc fie! cost of renewing the property of the railway. |acres pear Collingwood. Sons. Fagan: Gooren vig Cor ols
— A —— tite Commision for the construction equipment and operation of the rail- » 11. Every rafiway and all the works, property and effects eld and used H. C. Nixon, North Brant, is an- Smith; ‘of Hamilton and Pen By
VETERANS PROTEST } way as laid down in the said schedule, subject>to the following-terms and |-in_cangsction therewith, constructed: acquired, operated and maintained by |other O.A.C. graduate. He is a Smitt; Mersea township; also five |
. -.: conditions; * tie Commission under this’ agreerment and the said Aét shall be vested fin | strong supporter of prohibitfon. He daughters, Mrs Colin an? BS
j #gainst Boye, Young Girls and wo: | And whereas the Corporations have each isaudl@ dehentures fey tlie | ile Commission onebehalf of the corporations; but the Commission &ball be [has been a lecturer in the Farmers | wp," Hicks, Mrs. Lovett and Mrs.
/ men Wearing Badges and mounts set fopgh 4m Schedule “B" attached hereto, and hav. deposited the | <ntitled to & jlen uponihe same for all_migniey expended by the Commisgion Institute, Before this election'he was Lemon, Hamilton dnd VR
“LC Symbols of service. sald debentures with thé Gommission; ro \ Ce under this agreement and not repaid. ; 3 a Conservatlve, ' ; Detroit, Burial 100k nc Hamil ]
EE «NOW, therefore, this indenture witnessethz-———" 12. Each of the corporations covenants and agrees with the other: Peter Smith, stock farmer, Clover- place-at Hamil.

   

tn on Wednesday.

J: } s ovisions herein contained:
To carry out the agreements and provision A TRO

To co-operate by all. means in'dts®power at*all times with the; Cofn.

(a)
(hb)

ber Farm, near ‘Stratford,’ ‘North
Brant, clerk of township of Dovmey:

 
  
   
  
  
 

fipans Abraham Trugx, an-old resident of
tict Have Brot ot | andy ments therefo, the 8 65 W 0 J mission to create the most‘faVoreble conditions for the carrying out of the'| was school teacher for many years: A : :

He. pis Be I in i i 3 recs le Eommission” agrees with the Corporation objects of the agreement and of the sald Act. ahd to increase the revenue Presbyterian and formerly Lives. NL vusup reilimg Whe ir ¢
lead against the i - 1 : -— < a 5 vay a i : ) ! 3
oie tring of {ie “=£T uniform in (3) To comsiricy cquip and: operate the railway@Sthrough the districts | f the railway and. ensure its success. v ] the, C tock) 0 gun won ot [a2 Sepseal hospital Chatham whore ‘
ae =waMal the wearing of g rporations are situate on behalf ofthe corporations; 13. In the event gr any A Berwin Jae aly Tn ghar. sl per an Dame, Sl saied he underwent two operations within
vie pen 1 T ? iio 8 ie ow pan adi toa 11d down. 1 mission may, upon“application, fix a time a place toshear ta | a as Eh” school, O. A. C,. h gd :
phic iy (b) To construct and operate the ra y oveérathe routes laid down in ! i C Guelph, . *|the past seven weeks. Surviving are

“ele, by those null entitled to, wear; schedule “AY; | tions that may.be made by.the parties, and thé Commission shall adjust | Guelph, and Canada Business College, pe

 

The his widow, thre

e daughters, Mra. N. i. *
Hillman, Fox stroet, Leamington; Mrs.
James Chalmers, Concession A. Mer-
sea; Mrs. Floyd Derbyshire, Talbot
Road cast; also five sons, Milds, Hil-
liard and Arthur [Truax, of Hillman
Settloment, and Kenneth and John
Tru-x, Leamington. Jolin, Another
50n who enlisted in the 99th Battalion.
was killed fn action in January, 1917.

Commission | Hamilton, farms 400 acres, member

for “North, Wentworth, Interested in
Education, Hydro and public utilities;

Benin Bowman, 83 years old, of
Pennsylvania stock, once an Lmployee
of Christie Brown Company} in To-
ronto. mixed farmer “at Long Bay,
Manitoulin, succeeded R. R. Gamey, in
by-election of October 24th, 1918.

R. H. Grant, farmer, educated at

vinted under the Aet Repecting Enquiries Concerning Public Matters,

14. This agreement shall continue and extend for a period of fifty years
t fifty years ,subject to adjustment and re-appointment as herein pro- 4
ided for the purposes of this agreement as though the terms “hereof had
ot expired. At, the expiration of this mgreement the Commission shall
atormine and adjust the wights of the corporations, having regard to the

 

1 iy > ; The remains were brought home from
mounts paid or assumed by them respectively under the terms of this agree- | Ottawa Collagiate, Ontarlg” Agricul. ome 3
ont, aiid auch ofher consi@erations as may appear equitable to the Com- | tural College, and Toronto niversity, an at Aime: the yg
li¢slon find are approved by the Lleutenant-Governor in Couneil. represented hiss councll in Carleton d: Tan Biman sturdy Mee:

15. It Is understood and agreed that the rates impoted-for the share off County Council from 1882 to 1s9y,|d3Y Afternoon at 2,30, interment fol-

lowing in Lakeview cemetery.

Peter Hodson, a farrier of Keppel
near Gwen Sound, was killed by

County Auditor fo

e cost to be borne:by ‘thos® municipalities "listed in Schedule “C”.attiched
: ; Manning W, Doh

r twelve years,
pon the rateable property ‘set forth respectively in

erty—Born 1875 ¢
Clontarf farm, 200 Yo eel ay
where 05 rajses stock; once lecturer | colt he was leading home.
at O.A.C, Guelph. post-graduate fh| Newspapors ware dellverad
agriculture from Cornell University. plane in Pictou coun
In religion he“js a Roman Catholic. “first time In cdstern Canada, :
mest C. Drury, 40 years, practi-| George' N, _ Bennett, a Belloviile
cal farmer of 250 acres at Crown Hil, : traveller, died suddenly at a hunting

hs Barrie, Graduate of Guelph: Col- ‘camp some distance from Brinklow

ereto. shall ba Imposed u

16, This acreement shall-not come into effect until it has been sanetioned

by aero:
In witness whereof the €ommission and the Corporations have respec- ly, NiS,, for the _

vely affixed their corporate seals-and the hands of théir.proper officers. :

’

SCHEDULE “A”.

 
  
  

   
 
   
  
 
      
  
    
   
  
 

     
  

Routes, W. E. Raney. prominent Torontd: - Srcnibald Yulll, of Bas
IMSEH-FORD. SECTION: RE Ls minen orontok Arch ull, of Burnstown, a for-
heh tt the line runs northerly along side the highway to | barrister. “He has always been an mer member of Henfrew county coun- -

outstanding figyre
and” the sale st iq

  

against gambling cil,

suddenly dled in the woods
uor, and h

as madd whila hunting deer,

         
  
   
   
   
   
 

     
      
   
  

 

     

 

rollers {n th 1 - 2
mond, Que Bs milly at:St.. Ray
apt. the Rev. A. H. MacGillivray,
Chaplain of the 173rd. an
and all bat minister of St. oa, D tation, 4
"from pneu-

   
 
 

Doherty sests.

ve to bo found.
other members 2 ound. al

aS
From the easterly limits of Ford City the line extends along Ottawa Ave- “of the new Cabinet

ue, Strabane and Sandwich. Streets to the westerly limits of the munici-

    
 

     
    
   

  

  
 
 
  
     

    
   
    

Lieut.-Col. * Carmichael; DS.0.,

have 14 go back to their ridings Tor re: chial as! 954

electiox as a consequence of thelr| Charles Leb! 0

HE Be Shoo Ge
.  Carm|

without pertfolfo, "a, nse bm 1

| TWocENT §7ANFS For oHEcKs frou J

‘A report from Winnipeg 1s that the

Sandwich Street from the casterly to the waut-

    

One line extends alo;

   

    
 
  
    
  
   
 
 

etween Lincoln and Walker Roads. A third line extends from the Essex

  
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 

erly from Wyandotte along Devonshire
to intersect the first line above men-

 
     

    
    

 
  

Po a ; 8 Federal Gorernment in being asked | ®ted bY. the:
WINDSOR CITY SECTION: . ~ to arrange || the Libe 1
One line extends westerly along Sandwich Street from tho Municipal| chartered id jasue checks all

two-cent simp, 1D will bear: the Si

the presmt dieu many
checks av  Issned Mo stamps.
When thi matter is being considered |

   

to London Street. A second line extends westerly from

B
form size click form. This has been
a mal un conside

aly hove io Bare,

3

From the -easterly Boun
to the Springs Loop nea

    
  
 
