 

     
       
  
   
  
 
    
        
 
     
    
    
   
       

 

The Kind You Ilavo Alwcya Bought, ¢21 which has been
in use for over over 30 yocsz, has boone (ic cignature of

aad has been made under his per-
2 Tze sonal supervision since its infancy.
x44 “Allow no one to deceive you in this.
All Counterfeits, Imitations and ‘ Just-as-godd”? are but
Experiments that trio with and endanger the health of
Infants and at is CAS TC BIA
What is CASTORIA
Castoria 13 a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Paregoric,
Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is ple t. It contpins

   
    
   

  

   

   
 

BAN PRN TR, fag

You can use Comfort to the very
last. It does not break when worn

“down. And the bar is the' biggest
and best you can get for. the
money. “Comfort” gives you the
greatest possible soap economy,
the greatest possible satisfaction.
For 25 years the biggest seller—
and sales still growing.

“It’s All Right”

PUGSLEY, DINGMAN & CO.. LIMITED
TORONTO, ONT.

“esse

     
   
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

| : neither Opium, Morphine nor other narcotic substance. Itss
age is its guarantee. For more than years it has
‘been-in constant use for the relief of Constipation, Flatulency,
Wind Colic and; Diarrhoea; allaying Feverishness arising
therefrom, and by regulating the Stomach and Bowels, aids :
the assimilation of Food; giving healthy’ and natural sleep. ! ~~
The Children’s Panacea—The Mother’s Friend. %
¢ . = 5
Bears the Signature of .
3 /) < : -
: Sr —
In Use For Over 30 Years CANADIAN NEWS. Frederick = We Johnston, a well
J known and highly respected young EE
The Kind You Have Always Bought The Hamilton police have no clue |tallor of Sarnia, met his death in the Ee a
THE CENTAUR COMPANY, NEW YORK CITY, yet to phe murderer of Tony Martino. St. Clair river while delirious. The
"The coml production of Canada in | deceased had been on a visit to his
1918 was about 15,180,000 tons; in 1917 | mother fn Aylmer, and on his return
itiwas 14,046,759 tons. Monday was taken down with a bad
A flood_of pro-Bolshevik pamphlets, attack of the influenza. Aboyp 1.30 in
entitled “The Red Terror of Russia,” |the morning the police got ahurry-up
has swept ower Brantford. call fo rassistance, to find<the where-
Blood-pofseming from a boil on his abouts of the sick man, Aho was dis-
knee caused the death of Hugh John [covered to have left the house. He is
McDonald, off East Nissourl thought to have taken a walk to his
A flood off pamnilits entitled “Tha favorite place in the summer time;
Red Terror of Kassin,” pro Bolshevik [Where he swam, and plunged into the
in opinions, las swupt ove: Brantford, | Water. His body was found after sev-
«| Justice Hodgins opened at Ottawa oh ri > Sy Leigh
; ha op ary Tete hi v nto, the ¢ {nts of re-|The cord-of his bath robe had caug
How often has an attack of indigesticn inter ; a on ens on the |on a pile and this prevented him from
with your worl or spoiled your pleaser? Cocd hezlth Northland. disappearing. He was under water
I y d directia \Vhe: Capt) (Rev.) N. A. Maiichran, rc. |about two feet. sacrifice and. service.
5 mostly a matter of soun gection. rn turned chaplaim, has been extended a te —
nS oe luce, flatulence, corr cruznieal ‘call by the congcogaii» of Wesin:in-
are troubled by Gye Eh if 2 Lys 2 ster church, Smith's Falls. STRAWBERRY BEDS NEED
sick headache, Liitoucacss cr) constipation, te Fire - destroyed the 100,000-bushal MULCH DURING WINTER
0 i 1" . 1 | T
. etl > Ta aors\'d clearing elevator of Parrish & Helm: Ty the family.
ary’s Fills. They q Telli Gi becker, on the industrial spur, Fort Toh it inf Ses Vl >
ety 3 lo il cf gestric juice Willlam§ causing lums 260,000, Strawharry: hec ao
dicturbancss, stimul-te the supply Eee J bl a a of Sauna trom |8evere weather and heds should be
; acute kidney trouble of Cap. Chaves [provided with a mulch for the winter
' . ach C. Fulford, a long resident of |dccording to the department of horti-
one (S ? Brockville, fn his 61st year. culture of the Ohio Experiment Sta-
x The annual raport of Fire Chief] tion. The alternate freezing andl
Directions of Special Value to Women are with Every Box. Graham, of Ottawa, shows that u thawing which Jifts the plants partly
} Sold by druggists throughout the world. Ia boxes, 25. \osses {n the last.year from fires ip |out of the soil, combined with: wind
Ottawa amounted to $259,000 for 42 and sunshine in the spring, is detrl-
alarms. mental to the strawberry bed; this

action may be prevented by mulching.
Swamp hay, -leaves, straw or poor
grades of hay may, be ugéd by the
gardener for mulching. A- good cov-
erimg of leaves between the rows with
straw over the entire surface of the
ned to hold the leaves has been founa
satisfactory; coarse manure is algd
wultable.. The early part of January
Is a suitable time to apply the mulch.
Since the purpose of the mulch is to
kéep the soil moist at picking time, it
Should be applied so as to require no
@hanging, except to be removed in
part from the plants, and placed be-
tween the rows in the spring. Gar-
|| deners point out that there is danger
of smothering {f bunches of ‘material.
‘are left over the plants, A mulch of
three inches {s sufficient.. If the mulch
‘is. applied just before a'rain or snow,
‘the covering goon’ becomes packed
down 80 as 16 resist wind.

 

The Brant Farmers’ Co-operative So- |

clety. in the plat six months made
sales of $18,623.56; apd for the year a
total of $38,104.90, netting $784.96 pro
fits, y L

Deputy Antonio de! Tomase, of Bra:

zil sailed for Switzerland as a delegate
of the Afgentine- Soeialists - to, the
Socialist International Conference at
Lauzanne:
i The coldest weather of the winter
thus far spread over the western part
of the cotintry Thursday, bringing un-
usual cold to part of California and the
South-west. .

Licut.-Col. F. F. Michin, formerly of
the Princess Patricias, now of the
Royal Air Force, has been placed on
retired pay with the honorary rank of
major-general. _—

] —_——— ‘ 4 Henry McKay, chief engineer at the

: Picton County Eectric Company. Ltd.
: wns electrocuted Tuesday morning
while attempting to adjust some of
the apparatus in the power houge at

\ ’ g New. Glasgow.

2 8 re —— | ‘Father Vladimir Ledochowski, gen-|
eri] of the Society of Jesus and known

“BT FARROW LUMBER YARD.

We have the material and give satisfaction. ~ The old" saying .

applies to this, “The proof ofithe pudding is in the ontiag? -
Wo have. always on hand for sale—Lumber, Shingles, Lath,

Lime, ene Board, Cement, Coal, Seaman-Kent Polished Floor:

Ing of all kinds of Hardwood.

| We manufacture Storm Windows, Storm D@ors, Sash; and all

kinds of Moulding required in building a house.
Work and Contracting, and will
ice on any. kind of work, large

  
 

 

Wo do all kinds of Carpenter
i be pleased to give an estimate or pr

 

 

 

-———

+ SPAIN WANTS GIBRALTAR.

 

During the war Spain, officially, was
neutral, but with a very pronounced»

 

 

 

 

         
 
  
  
  
  
       
       

  

       
    
 
 
  

   
   
    
    
 

  
 
  
   

    
    
   
   
 

   
    
  
  
  
  
 
   
  

      
  
 
  
  
 

   
   
 

  
   
    
 

     
   
  
    
  

 
 
  
  
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

  

  
  
  

   
    
 
 
  
 
  

    
    
    
    
 
   

  
   

as “The Black Pope.” “has obtained |pro-German leaning, and it seems
3 permission to return to Italy and re- | probable enough that the rumor was
> side in Rome on thie ground that he is | trme that said thet Inthe event of
N a polish citizen. Germany's triumph Spain was to have
Ee When a tank car containing more | Gibraltar. But Germany did not win,
than 8,000 gallons of gasoline exploded | and now Spain {5s making a rapid shift,
he at the Standard Oll“Company plant and avows that she was with the Al-
n at the Standard Ool Company plate, [lies all’, through the ‘war, and she
- at Constable Hook, 20 men and gir] |thinks that In exchange for her
n employees were badly burned friendly interest In their success she
d There are-50 many childrely [pn the |should have Gibraltar, tor which she |
5 a Polish citizen, according to the Italia. | is willing to trade Ceuta, in Morocco. |
). city: schools of Victoria who are _guf- | She 18 also willing to let France have
tering from influenza that Dr. A. G.|Spanish Morocco if France will hand
8 Price, Medical Officer of Health, has |over to her $200,000,000. The matter
decided that the schools ghall remain | has beeniup for discussion in Paris,
oh ” closed until such time ag conditions | but no action has been taken, and one
1- warrant opening them Again. would think that just now France
wy Charles Morris, an Englishman, | Would scarcely feel like investing such
© ) ; jumped into the Welland canal Thurs-| 6 large amount in African real estate.
le 59 : day, He was pulled out and resusci-| The abandonment of Gibraltar by the
3 =p) tated by MrSuen. from the Central|British has spot yer. beewydiscussed
6 tation Ww © use of a pulmotor. He | very much in’ Britain. and probably it
SER THE MOST IMPORTANT Wie Laken 10 the Gemeripand. Marin [would hardly. get & henrinn. dmosy +
# y A Hospital, where that night he had“de- [was suggested from some very influ-
8. item in the keep up of an automobile is the tire bill. veloped pneumonia. ential quarter” The fact that Spain
We can often save you the price.of new shoes Thomas Haves, who a couple of | waa rather opposed to. the Allics dur-
b oo rt work IF months ago led the military police. a |ing the war will certainly not help her
E y our exp chase through the hills of Prince dnd [case very much’ now.
“AU TOMOBI E TI R E Korah townships, when they sought to}s do
it 1 X re arrest him on"a charge of being a de-| NEw YORK CENTRAL - ‘
n L C A N sorter, surrendered himself on New . GETS FIXED INCOME
he { ( y [Yosr's Duy to, Blgin Township Cldrk gic :
\ ne . ” . Moore, having lived. for some .
Bt We use expert modern methods that insure satisfaction. tino in hiding a eSisiine On ratne | Me. Cx Se Detroit. Ter-
a s - The troops returning by thie North- . . ’
en Up - T0 - DATE : TIRE REPAIR SHOP land all complained loudly of the-food ye Snioserniby Tania Swarms
iy : : )W, Manager. [ |and accommodation. Those. returning | 629,611 to the New York Central rail
Oo 5 Re-Be McMORROW, Manager. h oy, eke 0 mpia is to road ‘and susidiaries was signed at
ye Pe h i A pf ET a o Susyth ng Washington Friday by the rallrond ad-
6 41 Pitt St, E. Wi Phone 3961 Sagce a the enquiry (hat thers ‘was | ministration ox
{ ; ] Je once at the enquiry that there Was| pp
: : sain ’ : but one man, among thoso in charge oe ‘New York Central proper. re-
‘oll RR ! on Ne rthiand I Suge celves an annual rental of $68,122,084,
i” : ” BR : ok lade pn er er. Sr while subsidiaries were given the. fol-
po 4 i pre n transport flowing standard returns. -
Rs ing and feeding troops. This probably Cleveland, Cincinni * chi &
— explains much. , 2 lst Louls"and Muncie Bol Heago a
sre blizatl a | elt, $! 045,738;
: Under the new demo! on. ays: | Pittsburgh & Lake Erie, $8,980,209;

tem a soldier on his return may select | Cincinnati Northern, $317,628; Indiana |S,

the dispersal station at which he will | Harbor Belt, $296,058; :
secoive hia alsharge, £20 € bi biaco eral and Chote, ng
Sor whils his relatives in ve onc u: ern, Jan 7:
‘he m=y, if he Sonires to visy them | FR

[0 3 ] hs

portatio

 

 

    
   
  
   
 

Soleo deeb dob droll bid bdebdod

a :
; : . 3 a $5.85
For early fall wear these Calf Skin Shoes of dark

 
  
  

| Erie and West-|
Erle & Eastern, {

  
         

 

 
 

   
   
   
   
 
   
 
  
 
  
 
 
   
 
 
   
   
  
  
  
   
    
   
 
  
 
 
   
  
 
 
 

 

War Work and After-War Work of the
SALVATION ARMY

“FIRST TO SERVE—LAST TO APPEAL”

The Salvation Army has for 53 years besn organized on a military basis—inured to hardship,
It is always in action, day and night,

It has maintained Military Huts, Hostels and Rest Rooms, providing food and rest for tens of
thousands of soldiers each day. 1,200 upiformed workers and 45 ambulances.have been in service
at the front—in- addition to taking care of the nécds of soldiers’ families here at home, assisting
the widows and orphans, and relieving distress arising from the absence of the soldier head of

. Notwithstanding all the Government is planning to do, notwithstanding the pensions and the
relief work of other organizations, hundreds of cases of urgent human need are constantly de-
manding the practical help the Salvation Army is trained and equipped to rend<z.

Jollar Fund
January 19th to 25th

While it could do sa, the Salvation Army has carried on without any general appeal. Now the
crisis is arising with the return of the 300,000 soldiers. The budget for essential work during the
coming year has been prepared. A million dollars must be raised to continue the after-the.war
activities, which include:
Hostels for Soldiers

Salvation Army Hostels are vitally necessary for the

protection and comfort of the soldier at the many stop
ing placed between France and his home here in

 

The Salvation Army Million

personal help aléne is of avail. Consider, too, the vast and
complex problems arising out of the care of soldiers”
widows and orphans.

Keeping the’ Family Unit Intact ,

These Iostels—or military ~ hotels—provide The wonien of the Salvation Army Bn their visiting IN

Canada. : N
good" 160d, ‘clean Beds, wholesome entertainment at a rounds accomplish the apparently Impossible. | 1s ithe —
price the follies can afford’ to pag J the boys did not Jischaewell soldier ont ols, Th Ey nd he Sher a a
? " THERE " 5 the wife sick. the homeaw 3 4 i 4
ave a" Hostel t5,50 to, WHERE, Would they gag neglected? . They nurse the wife, mopher the children, Pr
warh and scrubs Is thereirgent nedd for foad, fuel, Tad

Care of the Wives, Widows, Dependents and
+ Orphans of Soldiers

Scores and Hundreds of cases conld be cited where sol-
diers overseas have been comforted by the asndrance
“that the Salvation Army bas stepped’ins to relieve their
{amilies from dire need. As an instance, a mother with
six children is located—no fuel, weather frepzing, {dod
and funds exhausted By sickness and other troubles.
They are taken to Salvation Army Emergency Receive
ing. Home. inter and 300,000 soldiers returning
increase the demands on the Salvation Army, whose

The service of the Salvation Army, founded on sacrifice, demonstrates the true spirit of the Mas-
ter. It is directed to the extension of the Kingdom of Christ, For two gencrations the Salvation
Army has stood out and out for God. d

It approaches practical problems in a practical way and achieves RESULTS. It co-operates with
all—overlaps none. It recognizes neither color, race nor creed. It.is alwaysiin action, day and
night. No organization does greater work at less cost. To carry on its'great work it must have
financial help, and on its behalf members of the Domi ion Government, business men and returned
soldiers endorse this appeal for funds. r

«LET YOUR GRATITUDE FIND EXPRESSION IN SERVICE?’

THE SALVATION ARMY MILLION DOLLAR FUND COMMITTEE 4
12 Headquarters: +20 Albert St., Toronto

clothés or medicine? ~ They are supplied.” Tt takes 4
money, of course, but more important is the loving *
spirit of service in whichathe work is done.

When the Soldier Needs a Friend

The Salvation Army Lassie provides the boys with hot as
coffee, the pies, chocolate, magazines, writing materials, 4
and the spiritual comfort Which the boys in Khaki need, pe 48
Until the last homeward-bound xoldier is re-established
in civilian life. will you not help. thesSalvatiom Apmys to $ 3
combat the discomforts and cvils that beset His path?

   
  
 

he

Phone 46 P. 0.Box 237 g:!
¥| ELECTRICITY i

 

CLEAN SAFE CHEAP,

Orion P. Barron

ELECTRICIAN
$= | INTERIOR WIRING A SPECIALTY

Women’s

Shoes of

Calfskin
“Neolin Sole”

Estimates Furnished.

3

|

;

3

4 :
X Cor. Gore and Seymore Sts.

AMHERSTBURG - ONTARIO
| J. SUTTON & SONS

 

Mahogany and Black Calfskinare unusually smart
Several styles in this showing for selection.
. The shoe illustrated is one of the “EUREKA SHOE CO."
make of dark mahogany color, Boston welted’ $5 85
soles, newll§ sport heel, specially priced this week Lh

3 Women's ‘Golden Brown and: Chocolate Kid
JJaced, 8-inch. tops, same style and pattern; but

not welted soles, at -$7,00 the pair

Funsral Directors

mouse of quality.
_. Auto equipment when desired.

13 Ouallotte Ave. -. WINDSOR. Ont.
Phono 838, ; ps”

 
 
    
 
     

 

    
 
 

  

   

‘We carry a great many styles in combination lasts, that is
shoes with narrow heel'measurements- and broader fore
possibly you need just this last. = eri part

0 Q Bhi es £
