   

Note to Creditors.

in tho moty

By-Law No.---

A By-Law.for entering Into an agreement

  
  
 
    
    
    
    
   
    
   
 
  
     
       
      
           
       
     
     
          
       
      

 

 

e

 

f tha estate of Joh
Bpimno © of John Arthur with William R. Stanscll for leasing
1 all cater ig, ab the Township of Col~ and selling the Twe=in-Ono Auto Fac-
mer, dignrod. ounty of Eessox, Far~ tory and cite to the sald William R.
1 104, stanwoll. ~
NOTICE | WHER It 1s expedient Lo enter (nto

   
 

  
      
  

Statute in | Terabe Kien pursnant to the | an ag © with Wiliam R. Stanzaell for
Nig clin s It Beldt that all persons have | the easing and selling (0° the sald William
Jit, Ano alist th ate of the saldf i, Stansell the Two-In-One Auto [factory
ABIL The Britney, who died on or | and site. ’

“A doy of July, 1919, are re- AND WHERAS the terms

quired 10 soa my
Harry 1 Ts by post propald or dellyer to dint have been settled and ar

   

 
 

" Osterhout Block. 19—21 Pitt St. E,
WINDSOR ~ ONT.

 

    

of the proposed
con-

     
 

    
  
 

 

   

THE GREAT COMMERCIAL TRAINING SCHOOL. uur, Ari Wiikervilln, oF James Brings Inthe scheduwla  bereto attached
on or DEFOE Aho ng of thy 1 estate, #2 “A” and the sald agrecment was
ith day of ovemboen, ted by the sald WINAmM RK. Stansel)

 

    
   

1019, thelr names gd
; i 5 81 addresses, Tull
3s ulars of {hulr WA anid the natu ]
thix seduity, If any, v
And further notice
arter th Sald 2060

the Said Executor I
tribute tho assets of do sand

p- [on or before the Sixth day of November,

¥ pete.

ald. by them AND WHEREAS It 15 necessary (or the

hereby given that | validity of the Said agreement that It be
NO ber, 1010, | approved and authorized by the duly quali-
to dis- yned electors of the Municipal Cawrporation

to among | of the Town of Amherstburg.

      
 

yOU CANNOT AFFORD TO EXPERIMENT WITH YOUR FUTURE.
IT'S A SERIOUS QUESTION.

Commercial Education as taught at the Windsor, Is the Quickest

 

  
 
 

  

 

  

3 v H " a RT] =
/ Placed: Easist way to Burglarize” Success. ’ Sr ith 4 i Npving fended Bo it therefore enacted by thi Council
y il Wieli they stall then |of the Corporation of the Town of Am-
have notice, and thesaia Executors will hOrsDUrK, Ly Tollowa:— Lr uh 4 ih

1h v llable ror
pune Js for IhoAssots or any part| 1. That the entering Into of the pros
claim LM WF persons of whose | posed agreement with William RR. Stansell
at. tio th oe sShnll noihave heen received [a8 sot forth In Schedule “AY hereto, Is
ny of such distributing. bereby approved and authori
4 . 2. That ry Mayor Clerk be
HARRY" J. BELL, the ayor and kK bo and

J they are hereby authorized and directed
AMES BRIMNER to Sgn the said proposed agreement as set

Miss Ferguson, Soldiers Commission ; Miss Durham, Fisher-
Wilkie Co., Sandwich; Mr. Quick, Fred Stearns & Co ; Miss

Coghill ; Mr. Anderson, Miss Atkins and Miss Jones in Detroit ;
Miss St. Pierre, Border Cities Star ; Miss ler, Brown & Wigle,

  

 

     
   
   
 
  
   

   
 

 

 

(ingsville, Ont. :
Kings i) Etats: nl ARE Cul forth io Schedule Ae and to amx
. > ¥ ) thir Breimng on (t the Corporate Seal of the Munieipal-
In the same time we had 13 Calls that we could not fill. Pated “at Walkery deceased. | 1ty. ;
L Walkerville this 27th day © Passed this ,..... day of...

October, 1019, 4010.

pe CRATES NL i Le I TR PR EE BR EE +

N oT I CE. | - Schedule “A" to By-Law

Memorandum of an agreement made this
third day: of November in tle’ vear one
fonsand nine hundred and nineteen
NOTICE of Intention to pass a By-Law to TY )

pr Amherstburg, hereinafter called “The
~~ Close up a cortain road and transfor. orporation’ of the Nrst part.

and

Stansell, of the City of De-
inty of Wayne In the State
ong of the United States of
nufacturer, hereinafter called
"of the second’ part,
E, the sald William I. Stansell,
Keo, has applied to the Corporation

Just ask Our Pupils what they think of us. “They Know."
Write For particulars,

Wrione 289 J. E. CAUSGROVE, Principal.

   

 
 

Meipal Corporation of the Town

tte ferieoferforfeotod
IT'S TIME YOU WERE PREPARED TO +
PROPERLY GUARD ACAINST THE COLD i

Your Health Demands it---Keep in step with the od

Time and with the Styles. BUY +
Ta 28 3 NWR ES JULES ¥
They are made from the finest pells—always stylish 3
dressy in appearance and will outlive any cloth

garment ever made. Long experience and. close x
attention with the Fur Markets is the reason why

tho frechold of such road so closed | Willlam R
24 roft, tn the

up and to establish a new road. . Michigan
oy i anerica, Bh
ab ke ROH E that the Munleipal Coun- | he 1
« ¢ Corpgration of the Township of | WI
Malaen will také into consideration the fg L
passing, snd in approved, wil pass at th lease of the premises belonging to
neat 1 be held olf WEARSE day of © orporation und Known as the Two.in
i HERTS 10, at the hou of two o'clock in Auto. Factory and Site for a period of
linia TS uool at the TOwn Hall in the | fo years at. a nominal annual rontal of
Cake Mp of = Malden ‘a By-law (a) for {qe (£1.00) Dollar payable in advance on
soy PINE. up and closing that part of the|ge third day. of November in cuch and
1 oat nt rodd or nighway or allowance for | gery during the term of len years
arrond along ‘the bank of the Detroft River | aa agresd to purchase the said auto
i ween a point bh feet south of the | ratory d site within the sald term at
dividing hs hetwaen Lois Numbers Twelve | the pele or sum of Ten Thousand (310,-
ana Ahivteen the First Concession of ‘thu | oy. Dollars and has further ofrersd in
mali ownship ‘fF Maidens and the north | omsideration of the acceptance of his sald
de of the Side Road Iying between Lots | aplication and offer to use the sald prem-

 

ots

 

 

   

 

    

   
  
 

  

fet

 

 

 

ool

05

  

 

    

=

 

 

 

  

 

 

  

      
 

 

    

 

 

 ———————————— EE — 9
FURS Re-dyed, Cleaned, Repaired and Re-modeled into jo

over the aforesaid lois’ Numbers Thirteen | pendig and subject to the ratineation
Fourteen and Fifteen, and; (« for estab. |the ame by the ratepayers’ of the sala

IIshing and laying out of a road or highway, | Corpoation

  
  
  

 
      

ojo
8 3 the values are unbeatable. 3 Nouri) and Hifteon fix the same | for the manufacture and assembling
= iain ir Sk ) thy rt of the pres ajomobiles and automobile accessories.
: oe ofe ee he ghivay oe Iwan 0 for road | tryelk or bodies or for the manufacture of

TE - y BHO! side © 1 va | other products ues [ smploy
A T Select from our stock of SUPERFINE Col- x igo Hosa Wing between sald juts Nm {ion as JA a Ty
A . ourteen and Fifteen and the line on the Ww Hn 8 uy J after si)
a. lection of Persian Lamb, Hudson Seal, Alaska of [ Sout ste’ or sain nang the line on th brim said term JEomo ang, dll oe
1 ¥ . EERE 4 Log Aho sou erly limit of sald Lot Numi r | wits Hy the Corporatt t hi 4
3 Sable, Mink, and Foxes in all the dierent on Fiftesn; (b) for ihe gyauting, and Jans. outa nhmber A NarRIion. 8s ination
8 4 : ot J J 4 Tferring of the soil or freéphold of the arores | provied.
oe shades. A deposit will secure same, and put in oe jal road or nigliway liitended to be stop. ND WHEREAS it Is deemed expodiont
- 5 & ed up. and closed, 10 the o rs of lands | by tin Col \ ) v Cl on og

4 3 storage until wanted, FREE OF CHARGE. * Ettinger on JI SXehAnRe, Lor. tha dons [he Eo ta PE
] 1 4 5 *s* | voyanwe or tranffor «of the Sitds of a new | nerelrifter get forth and to enter (nto an
4 i ofe | roid do be established throngh, across and | agreynent between the. parties hereto

3

£3

ol

oe

b)

oe

 
       
  
  

 

             
 

    
  
  
  
  
    
  
 

 

         

     
   

     

 

. R at > Y c , J sac 50 | for public use. in add, Instead of the AN) WHEREAS ft {8 nepessary for the
latest Parisian and New York styles at reasonable prices. oe | aroresaia rout so stem] of Ma A ER onions LthaL. thin daly
Estimates Cheerfully Givens go 4,8 stonpad nj ew hi WwW road on High | qualiied electors Shall approve thereof. ;
. i A ore articularly described as’ Aov th ore this Indenture witnessoth
3 Sealskin, Mink and Persian Lamb our Specialty. Fs nt Tat bean the | that consideration of he. premises and
oe oe | First ( osslon of the Township of Mal- | the putual agreements, covenants and
5 87 y 87 ole en nd : nts of Bs ex ahd composed | Obligations herein contained the parties
. . 1s 0 LOLS NS Plow a aroto 0 hereby cove . ole (
Ew L LAFONTAINE: se | iii Sa lil ph lie FL
i Windsor i Windsor oe follows, I at 2 A Du wing nt a | 1 Tht LL ( rat atioh anal and will
of pit on the enst side of-We | anit ond | demise ant Tease and y Lh presents
Foterfertanfesfortosfoetastoofontactestesofsufesfociostosfsafsrfonfenfocfecioetsfesfeeferierieried Soofeedortene | Fimining along the DK OFIhe Detrolt iver oun dont - and: lense Tio tho. sal Wil=
. which sald’ poinggds S410 fel measured ny. Sunsell, the Losses, dll ANosespar

    
   
   
   
    
   

Westerly ufongZie North boundary of ‘Lot | eels or trwits of land and promises situate
Number Thirlgn In the First Concession | lying. and being in” the sald Town of Am-
from the Northeast angle of sald Jot and |} IbiuFg in the County or Essex, and com
distant 217%, fest measured on a course | posed of Lot Number Fourteen (14) on
recs 25 minutes East the! the East Sile of Sandwich Str and also

South 130.4
from; thence Sonth 87 degrees 13 minutes | that part of the Northeast part of Lot
Number (3 (13) on the East side

East parallel with* the North boundary of
Lot Number Thirteen 637.6 feet; thence | Sundwich Streél described as follow
South mo degrees G8 minutes East 1426.6 | Commencing at fie Intersection of the
foot to the North limit of the Side Road | dividing line betveen Lots Numbers Thi
ajong the North boundary of Lot Nnmber [een and Four with tho
Firtesn: thence Westerly along same 50.4 | of, the Michiga sntral Rallwvay
feet; thence North no degrees 58 minutes right of way; Thine outherly along
Wast 1876.6 feot; thence North 87 degrees right of y- thitty=six feat; thence west-
{3 minutes West parallel with the North erly parallel wth the sald dividing line
boundary of Lot Nnmber Thirteen 581.4 | bstwéen sald las Numbers Thirteen and
foot to the east side of the present woad | Fourteen two lundred and eighty-four
along the: Detroit River; thence North 13 | (884) [eol; thmies Northerly sat = right
degrees 25 minutes West along same 52 angles thirty-six (30) feet mare or less to
fost to the place of beginning, coftaining | the Northern bouidary of said Lot Number
by admeasurement 2.30 gcres be the same ‘rilrteon (13); tienes Easterly therealong
more or less, 10 the place’ of higinnink, being he parcels
of land conveyed by the Twu-in-One Com.
,any to the Corpsration.
To have and % hold the sald demised
premises for and during the term or ten
County of Essex more particularly dese years to be computed from ithe third d
AB follpwss that 48 1 Gommencing ato for Nowembgr, 1910, and from thencefort
joint in the Sauthe tol” Lot Numben jipext ensuing so hing as the loxséo observes
ifleen 7600.5 I grod ~~ Westerly’ and perfornms™tis terms and conditions
herein provided md fully to ‘be completed

     
 

 

 

       
   
     
    

 

orfofoserfoofofonfoofofosfoenfofentofonfofontolonfeleafeefenfofesforfoofrteofertoeenfodeefedeeiedid

Jl LUMBER LUMBER LUMBER

] sk AND

TOBACCO STICKS

2,000,000 feet fine quality of lumber now in stock to
: assort from. ;

* Extra good value in HOUSE MATERIAL, BARN
~~ ‘LUMBER and GARAGE STOCK. iP

“COME AND EOOK USOVER ~~

  
  
  
 
  

   
   

    
  
   
  
   
 
 

 

 

   

    
   
 
 
  
  
   
   

   
 

 

    
 
  

 

   
    

 

   
  
 
 
 

 

  
  
 
   

  
  

And” alo composed of that por
Lot “Number Fifteen In the First (
sion of thal Township of Malden in t

  
    
  
  
  

3

  
  
 
 

    

   
      

Ee J J a ST J CRC

      
    
   
 
  
  
 
 
 

      

  
  

      

 

   
 

     

  
  
  
   

   
  

   

 

   
 
   
       
   
 
    
     
 
  

    

o3estesfe sfenfententaatentectssfertactentestorfortortentectectsafartsefecacte:

                  

      
      

 

  
 

     

 
 
   
  
  
   
 
 
  
    
 
   
   
   
   

 
  
  
  

 

        

    
   
  
   

 
  
 
 

 

  

  
 
   

 
  

 

   
 

   
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
   

    
     

{|} . ; 1 P il tong sine om he ~ sterly, mit of
2 y ‘ . . ———— the Seennd Concession Road; therdce North |and ended” on Or before the Hil 4
7 B Don’t wait until our Tobacco Stic KS are a gone no degr 58 mi vs West 7 Tebt n one AT WR A
x od COME AND BUY THEM NOW. pe to the Southerly limit ofthe 0 Road nin
i 4 " w the Nopth bound of ®ald Lot Num», Ing and paying threfor yearly and
: : : of. toon: tNenen erly along the ame avery year during sald tgkm unit the sald
3 > SF + thence Sout no degrees min- | Cofporation, 118 G8signs or successors tne
ol - . ¥ 83 fopf to «he South Wmif | sum of one (§1.00) payable In sdvance
> 3 i nher Fifteen: thence Easter- [on the third paay. of November in lgsch
3 » Iy v- 0.1 fe¥¥t more or 88 to | and wvery year aiping the term, and’ aso
: \ : ole] the place af b g containing by ad- | employing daily amg every day continuously
= fe i oe measurement 0,00 acres nore or Jess fot less (han tweisy workmen Quring the
+ Which pa jacshoy il a pay aa "1b urss yar. Sud Ho ess thar TITLY workmen
mney . Dray, Ontario (1 Surve, (if. obtainable) therellyer in and upon tne
Rll KINGSVILLE y ¥ COTTAM v WOODSLEE os | and an nie at the amce of the Clerk of the | sald demised” PRCIGISS (0 (ne Sh
! 3 \ 4 1) in of | Township of Mallen. ur asseinbiing % products as  aloresald,
< . v fhe nrst of such J wnt 0 bee 0 due
LR x Sosfesfeefsofocfostertolofosfesfosfecfofestostecfectocterteciedd besfeedt | TAKE FURTHER NOTICE that the said a ar
3 s plan and By-law respecting the ostablish- and he empovment of the sald
y : : mnt. of. the proposed new road and the [workmen to commges, within Six months
a - Ee ’ — cloging up of portons of the aforesald farier he exe€ution of these presents my
. pre t road desoriod nove any inn foe Corparation.
” . 0 ofesle sedeoles | azrammoent hotweon the owners of sald LOLS 3 ine sald Vi Stanse i
RADIO SESCAORAT SORROR MOR B20 Su a ofosfostorects id Numbers Thirteen, Fourteen and ' Fifteen Len eX rossly uy Ir
A " . ofe | A i tho Corporation of the Tawnship of ation and Within the” meaning of
¥ . a 7 Malton are on fig (n the oMes of the Clerk Short FOPMBS a1 Leases Act, 10 pay
’ . EP ¥ af the Township of Malden an! the ame | rept; to repair any (o pay waldp Takes;
A pb b {% open for*inspection by all persons eon- | gat the Corporalioy. may enter and View
4 ofs | corned or Interested, . - sldle Of repair; that (pe Lessee will’ make
: Ws reasonable repait  &seording (10 notice
; ECE | up rake FUNTHER NOTICE that the | Spit: ana: Will Lave. ths bremises in
rd . of | connell of the Corporation of 1h SNIP good repair, reasonadig wear and tear and
E 3, xm ofe | of Malden will at tho time and place above Lgmage by fre, IRNWng and (empest only
Bread is the most nutritious food. + mentioned *hear in person or by his coun- that he Lassee will not assign,
of

Dick Without lee save and except to
npany 10 bo foimed by him as nere-
provided and ghat tne Lessce or the
ompany to be. form s hersinsftep men
toned shall” and WA from and after six
Dated the elghteenth day of October, Ay fmonins alier the extention of these pros
D, 1910, . ents by the CorpOiiion daily and- every
aay ~ continugusoy Spploy not jess thao

HOWARD GIBR, * Twenty workmen a8 perenbeford provided
clark af the Township of Malden. fdurings the frst yes and Nfty workmen
5 ners auring Us term 10 and upon
iho denmusod © Piymyses (ne many-
acturs of proaucis gy pereinbefors pro-
Yidoil. ’ nN
a. That tho Less will proceed with hil
due degputcn alter gpg gyecution of (his
agreallival na 00 eonjinmstion or ap-
proval ol Uo SRN py (ue ratopayers of
tne cyrporauon 10 Gggrporate a company
wiih i capital

s0l. solioftor or arent any person who
claims that his Iand will ba p judicially
affected by the by-law and who - applies
to be heard. ?

 
 
 
  

  
 
 
  

Bread is the lowest priced food sold.
Our woild food controllers say that people

eat enough bread.
. If therefore you would .enjoy better health ana

swat the highcost of living, eat more bread. i bo |

3 Neal's Br ead i

+ stands unexcelled for highest possible

XX
do not |

 

 
    

   
  
    

sf onfentinfenfenfenfesferfefeonfonfenfenienfeet

     

   
 
  

   
  

 
  
   
   

  
  
  
 
  
  

quality and low’

Ey 00,000) DOLBES with

    
  

 

    
  
   
   
   

  
    

  
 
 
  
  
       
 

 

i : « ole | oe , ; wundred Foon 400,040) n
“orice. If you buy it you buy the finest in the world. XIE Ambersthurg, Ont. Ls aD A Mt
% STORE YOUR CARS HERE "i fideo cpronsty covenants tmnt fl :
i * Gasoline Oils and Every Saupe: Smit iP Weare Prepared to
ve Accessary na ot ine su fs Torti ad by serve your needs. /
; : 2s Ih for the utom 01 (2 ¥ he shall and jy - the Ane Office Phones 212 and 36
'B WINDSOR 31-37 Salter Ave =e 10S dna "win ensioned Shall Residence: Ph
Phone’ 59 . 4. H. Lovegrove's, G. T. Florey ry go Repairs Quickly ‘Made. fo exoruton of Mise presenta. bY ne ; ie ce P one 154

3 at
Por sale {n Amherstburg 8¢ 40 Fo Co rier,

pb Be Fs Gira a. Fd Boyce & Co. in McGregor by Beuglet Bros.
and G..Langls & Som

and aally em:
DIY i and_abgut’ he sald plant i pil
p rem -
eg Av rs) 458 than twenty work:

           
 

"Sold for Cash Onlv.

* p.8,~Do not waste bread, every. ounce 1» noedad. :

   
  

AmDorsiburg. 84g that he or (ne
Phone 195 UL CARLY. On many acturing QUFIDK 106
: ia o o ng LIN

 

  

 
 
 
   
  
 

    
   
      
  

    

    
 

   
  
 

of not e838 Anan TWo

  
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
   
 

  
 
  
  
 
  
    
  
       
  
   
 
  

RYE i ) “year; and I work- | |
: Y ! mol thereafter, Abii workmen Ww be se
jected a8 far 88 jrgoticabio (rom the rate
\ PRY6rs and resins of the sma ‘town of

Wo SE TT

lect or default of the
Lossgo or whe such breach or de-
rill arises by of a Atrike or
shkos of any particular Aide or Inbor and
In all such cases a Just and reasonable ox-
tension shall be made

6. The Lessgn hereby
ants for himself, his noir
mnistrators and #ssigns the sald Gom-
puny to he formed as afc pEiid that he or
they or it shall and will on or bueford the
third day of November, ono Ib sand nine
tundred” and twenty-nine, pay to the sald
Corporation Ten Thousand ($10,000) Dol
lars for the sald demised premises andl the
Corporation agrees, , provide the Lessee
ines ror the said demised premises and the
terms of this agreenont, Wd foonvey the
sald demised premises 1a Whe Losses or
Dis assigns.

7. Whenever and so often as the Lessee
or his assigns or the Company io ho
formed as hereinbefore mentioned makes
default fn or breach of or falls 1 perform
any of the covennnts or. Agresments or con
ditions ar provisions herein contatmed on
nis, thelr or [1s part to be observed and
performed it shall be lawful for the CGor-
poration ar Its servants or agents at any
time and so gften as such breach or de-
fanlt happens, Into and upon tho sald doe-
mised premises or any part thercol in the
name of the whole to re-enter and the
apne to have again, re-possess and enjoy
as of former estate anything hergin con-
tained to the contrary notwithstanding.
Provided and understood. that no condoning
or overlooking by the Corporation on
previous occasions of breaches or ‘defaults
similar to. that for which re-entry fs
made shall be taken to operate as a
waiver of this condition nor in any way
defeat or ‘affect the rights of the Cor-
poration heroundar.

|, This agreement shall be binding upon
the respective parties hereto only upon the
éxecution by the Lessee on or before the
olghth day of November, 1919, Provided
that if this agreement Is executed by the
Losses within the time ‘mentioned the Cor-
poration WIE submit a by-law authorizing
and approving the same to the duly quali~
fled electors In the Municipality of the
Town of Amherstburg with due despatch,
put if such by.law shall not receive the
necessary’ approval of the sald electors
there shall be no further obligation of any
kind whatever on the part of the said
corporation.

9. If the actual work of manufacturing
as aforesaid shall not be commenced with-
fn the fimo limited by this agreement then
this agreement shall at the option of the
Cofporation. be null and  vold and the
Lessen shall forthwith pay to the Corpor-
ation all expenses in connection -with and
incidental to the preparation of this agree-
ment and the submission of the same to
the electors and the by-law In connection
herewith.

10, Time shall bé the essence of this
agreement

tf. It is further agreed that Ir the
term hereby granted shall be at any time
seized or taken in execution or in attdch-
ment by any creditor of the said Lessee;
on ir the sald Les: shall pake an assign-
ment for. the benefit of creditors, or be-
come bankrupt or Insolvent shall take the
pentefil of any Act=that may be (n force
for bankrupt or Insolvent debtor the
then current rént’ shall immediate bi -
come due and payable and the sald term
anall immediately bdeome forfeit and
void and in such. case (t shall bh
for the corporation at any timo the
to enter Into _gnd upon the sald d
premises.sor any part thereof, In th I
of the whole tor nor. the same to ho

in, re-posse and enjoy, 65 of former
estate, anything herein contained. tc
contrary ~ notwithstanding, and’ to de
this agréement null and void.

12# Proviso within the méaning of The
Snort Forms of Leases Act for re-entry by
the Corporation on non-payment of rent or
non-parformance of the covenants.

149. Provided that the Lessee or DIS a§-
gigas may build and. .ersot®any bulldings or
erections’ or permanent fxgures upon the
sald demised premises £0 long as the s i
does not depreciate the value of the bull
ing now situate thereon, but all structures
and orections placed thereon shall in the
svent of default gf purchase or in the
evant ‘of he Corporation's re-entry nto
possessforl, belong to and become the
property of the Corporation.

14. ~The Corporation undertakes lo ve-
pair thé building by putting. in window
frames where necessary and glass and
making xepairs to the heating apparatus,
all of which are to be done Within ong
ment afger the execution of this agree.
ment by tho Corporation. .

15. Provided and understood. that the
Lessee shall recompense and pay ihe cor-
poration: sil insurance premiums paid hy
the Corporation on the’ buildings on the
sale demised premises during the term,
and ;the same shall bé recoverable after
demand as rent” in arrears.

16, The provisions of this agreement
shall be binding on the heirs, executors,
administrators and Akslgns of the sald
Lessee and upon the stockholde bond-
holds, - liquidators, receivers or Corpor-
atlond or Company, 13 successors. or. as-
signa, and, Any yéraon or all persons who
miay Oureaffhr lease, control Or MANAge or
occupy tho sad premises either directly or
Indirebtly under or th h the Lesseq by
virtue of this agresmen and upon the
Corporation 11S suoc Ors or assigns,

In wity whereof the Corporation has
amxed (t orporate seal attested by’ the
hand of ts Mavor and Clerk, and Ahe
Lessee has sev his hond and seal

+ WA. R. ‘STANSELL.

Signed, sealed and delivered
in the presence of 2.

FRED. II. A. DAVIS,
As to signature of Wm, RN. Stansell.

from no faolt,

 

 

 

expressly coven-
sxocutors, ad

 

    

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
       
   
    
  

  

 
 
  

  
  
   
 
  
   
      
    

      
   
 

 

  
  
 

   
      

  
    
 

 

 

 

   

 

  
  
  
 
 
  

   
       

    
    
 
 
  
        
   
       
    
  
    
  
   
   
 
 
  
 
    
     
   
         
     

 

NOTICE.

TAKE NOTICE that the forezolng Ns ®
truo copy of a profs By-law of the
Corporation (or the Town ol Amhse-thnrs
to be submitted to the voles ol Wie elnc-
tors on the sixth doy 0) Dacembar, A.D.
10190, between the hours of nine oll in
tho forembon and five o'clocksuy 106° arter-
oon at the. following places:

Polling Subdivision No. 17° at the oll 3,
W. & A. walling roomy

Polling Subdivision N at Town Hall

Polling Subdivision Nak 3, at old Bell Tein:

y phone bullglg, And

And that the Bh day of Derembor,
A.D. 1019at two o'clock in tho artérnoon
at the Town Hall’ In the sud Munteipaliyy
las been fixed for the apnoinim of per-
sons to. attend at the poling pla
the Anal summing up of the vol

Clerk. i i
And, If the azsent of the eleetars is ob-

tained’ 10 the sald proposed By-law It will
Do taken Into consideration by tho Muniei-
pal Council: of the safd Corporation ar.
meeting thereof to be Noll after thy ex-
piration ‘of one month from the dais of
the first publication of INS natiov, any
that, such first publication was: made oF
the fourteenth day of November, A.D, 9:4,

; WIA. MCCORMICK,
a Es Clary,

 
 

 

 

  

    

 

4

   

 

 

 
  
   
  

  
   
  

1S. GATFIELD COALCO.
 ANHERSTBURE, ‘ONT.

    
   
  
 
 
 
   
   
   
 

 
   
 
  
  
 
  

   
 
 
  
        
  
  
   
   
    
   

| often noticeable. = ,

, | and’ especially, bonpital floors. As the; correspondent - indicates

  
 
  
 
 

      

 

A full line of Fancy China and Plain
~ White Ware. Also full line of

JOYS

EVERYTHING FOR THE KIDDIES.

SPECIAL FOR SATURDAY

HIGH GRADE COFFEE............45c PER POUND
Have you tried our 60c Coffee ?

} . f =

C. C. KEMP

MURRAY ST. AMHERSTBURG, ONT. kx
oofecfosfecfortonfecfoefoofoctortosfonfoufofusteafecfestocfechoafocforieele

 

 

slelreiociesiecierpreiosiecirreriecfecierbforloriectsfeboriosfestsfiocforfsiectertontsfortenfasientor

 

 

If You Want to Save Money

 

 
       
        
      
         
        
         
        
     
         
             
  
       

The man who gels ahead is the man
who saves. No better, more pro-
fitable, more convenient way of
saving money was ever offered the
people of Canada than Viefory ..
Bonds. They are good for you--
good for Canada.

BUY VICTORY BONDS

F.'E. SINASAC

HARROW. ) 2

 

      
    
   
 
      
    
  
   
    
  
   
 

Canada is-Counting on
Your Buying

Canada is counting on. you buying Victory Bonds.
Canada’s obligations to her army are your obliga-

J

tions. a
Canada’s need to finance overseas orders is your need.

Canada is counting, on you, You cannot fail her.

Canada is your Country. Buy Victory Bonds to the
Jimit. : i g
Issuor of Marriage Licenses.

ot JOHN READMAN =

Phone 88 : ;

/ rt

 

 

 

BY JOHN W. 8. MéCULLOUGH, M.D., D.P.H., CHIEF OFFICER
OF THE PROVINCIAL BOARD OF HEALTH.

 

PARALYSIS AFTER INFANTILE PARALYSIS,

GOOD DEAL has been learned about infantile ‘paralysis in recent
years, though wa are still far from knowing how to prevent the
spread of the disease. One fact learned {3 that the mortality of

> tho disease’ Is not high. In most epidemics nine-tenths of the
patients escape with their lives. Of those who escape with their lives about

one-half bave no permanent paralysis or wasting, \ "

The degree of paralysis is worse soon after its onset than at any late

     
  
   
  
  
    
     
     
  
   

 

tithe. There is always some gain in muscular power after the onset of. the
digense. Formerly it, was held that improvement was not possible after
twh years. Whatever improvement there was to be would come in the

    
    
   
   
    
   

first two years. Efforts to Improve the condition of paralyzed muscles
wduld be’ ineffective unless they were'begun within {wo years of’ the onset
of|the’ disease, The teaching now is that there ia no time limit beyond
which improvement is impossible. yn oa
[= “The dread of infantile patalysis {# based more upon the paralysis and
nating of muscles than upon the death rate of the disease, . In the great
ajority of cases of shrinking of muscles the condition exists because of
peglect of after {reatment, However; there is considerable minority af;
cages in which there ls too much after Soon : : ge”
2" After infantile. paralysis the muscles are weak and éasily fatigued. HN
“If an. over-fatégued muscle is worked further it IB liable to give out com- A
pletely and permanently... Some signa of muscle weakness which should ba
Jodkd for in mild cases of infantile paralysis are glven by Thomas as
|. follows :— \ 3

* 1. Weakness of the back muscles when the child Is sitting. A ten-v
dency of the spine to curve, the back to bow, or a shoulder to droop i8

     
  
  
   
  
 
 

   
 
  
    
    
    
  
   
      
   
    
 
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
   
 

  
 

2, Drop foot, A tendency of the toes to drop and to turn In or out|

whey siting or lying. > .

- 3. Bending of the knee backward when standing,

. 4; Outward rotation of the thighs when lying down. A tendency of
the toes and the knees to turm outward, rd

6. Weakness or dragging of the leg after play, or a long walk,

In a certain case of recovered infantile paralysis about the only sign
left is a tendency to drag a foot and wear out the toe of the shoo, noticeable]
only after play. a \ Ee
| “Bxercise’ and passive motion both of the paralyzed and the weakensd
|| musclés must be very carefully given. If the muscles are over used thoy
| are harmed more than they are helped. The authorities are agreed thai
| electricity is ot no service, 3 EN ~ 4 §

: ‘HOW TO CLEAN FLOORS. = oe
wants to know the best method of cleaning floo

   
 
 
  
   
   
  
  
 
  
 
  
 

   

  
 
 
   
  
 

   

RS Ch Pt et 1 $0 moti bre
r should be swept as often as req
