  
 
  
 

  
          

   
  
   
 
  
      
       

refer

For HIGH GRADE PIANOS,
GRAMAPHONES

SEE
CorNER OUELLETTE & LonDON./

HEINTZMAN & CO.
WINDSOR - * ONT.

erfecioofesferferfocforfecfoctosfocfocfacocfonfocforfociosfocecfeofe

o

     
     
   
    

  

PHONE .20.

 
  

 

§ After Housecleaning,
| What ?

some New Furniture, of Course.

 

a_i

 

The Loveliest Dining Room
URNITURE in the County.

We also have everything for the Bedroom
and Library.

Make your Linoleum and floors shine by treating
them with LINOLEO—-the best polish on the market.

A quantity of 4 yard wide Linoleum just received.

We also have quite a number of Rugs, last year’s
stock at the old prices. ;

4

Al

—

;

BC J Ja J a J J

Bn 2 0 i

orferfesfoofoeforfectorioofoaforfectesfonfocteoofoefonforfortocffoofrofeafoofoafenfeafenfonfucfustect

ood ‘

J. i. MADILL & CO.

HARROW

         

‘Furniture Dealers

 

The Gerard-Heintzman Gramapho

ne is king of
music machines. - Plays all records. -

  

 

TO KEEPW LL

——————

 
     

Ho

Sts

\. McOULLOUGH, M.D., D.P.H., CHIEF OFFICER
VINCIAL BOARD OF HEALTH.

% 7
INFANTILE PARALYSIS. :

1 vs » spinal cord,
3 of a portion of the front part of the sp 0
He A Dn Ta ohfldren of from two years to toqniger
ears may r in adults, In Ontario we have O¢
wit the severn outbreak which has existed in
. New York and other places in tho United States has made our
booplo anxious lest,s similar epidemic may occur in this Province.

0 g ul high fever, vomiting,
. Some cases are severe, King symptoms such ‘as &
F e, pains bs succeeded by severe paralysis of groups

ny at in ine id with perbaps few or no symptoms beyond

les, Others are very
haps some vomiting, or
Rea of appetite, a little rise of and perhap! ora, women x

t soreness. It 18
accompanied by some Bligh which

 
 
 
 
 
  

’

 
 
 
 
 
  
   
    

|
|
|
|
|

[y
0
|
tl
ee

 

 
    
 
 

     
 
          

 
  

pread the disease. d

It is believed’ that the disease is
bough the medium of the discharges from the nose, tr
t may be carried by filés which have ample” opportu

pontact with the discbmrges.

In order/that the chances of.
much as possible, thg following

: Li
PRECAUTIONS AGAINST
THE DISEASE Y

et with o case must be
period of TWO, weeks,

    

throat, and intestines.

 
    
     
  
   
  

precautions are requi

4 pariod of SIX weeks.
+ ® P32) An children

 
  

 
 
   
  
  

     
   
  
   
  
 
 
  
    
    
  
  
    
  

Before enone foobefeofefo sro senfe sneer fesfofentofenfefenfefeng drone ofnteebnte onion frie efefeobefeofedeoferfeofefeofefenfefiefofenfoofefodefefeseefe offerte

carried from one patient to another
ity of coming into

4 widespread otitbreak may be minimized
x rod red by the Provin-

(1) Every CASE must be quarantined for

who have been in con-
and kept under observation for a

wage-carners may be

SUMMER CLEANNG !
OF"URNACE URGED

 

Torrid weatherioes not turn one's
thoughts to furnaes and their care,

time for overhaulin heating apparatus
for next winter's ue.

If oot {5 allowd to remain all sum-
mer In the furnce and pipes it dose
more damage Han A §04s0n’s constant
use, Cleaning and repair work Is
done more gqickly and efficiently
while the furpce is taking its. sum-
mer rest thanin the busy months of
the winter, Minor damage can b
found readily ind repaired before |
becomes serio enough to cause the
furnace to bredk down on a cold day
as many of than do,

 

go0t.

elon
t manufacturing

but the early sumer is the proper |A By-Law to grant a Fixed Annual

Assessment of $400,000.00 to Brun:
ner, M.nd Canada, Limited, for a

Period of Ten years.

WHEREAS Brunner, Mond Canada,
Limited, have acquired certain lands
in the Township of Anderdon and are
erecting the necessary buildings there-
for the purpose of carrying on a
business in the said

Township.
AND WHEREAS it Is expedient to

\ sssment of said lands and
The wider us of soft coal last win. a In

ter has incremed the danger frdm ung which may be

course of erection
arected thereon

If it fs dlowed to harden until|g ring the period hereinafter men:

the furnace fs used again the labor |iionaed.

of removing Its greater and there-
fore more expemive for the owner.

fe emmm—

JUNE FRUIT PROSPECTS.

 

Be it therefore enacted by the Munl-
cipal Council of the Township of An-

derdon:
1. That the annual assessment for

The June frult crop report of the all purposes other than those hereln-

Dominion Departnent of Agriculture |after mentioned

on the property of

says with respect to apples: Lambton | Brunner, Mond Canada, Limited. in the

county has a light bloom on many of |gaid Township of Anderdon more
the later varieties, particularly Bald-|ticularly described as follows:
Greening and Me- part of Lot 3 lying west of the right:

win and Russet.

par-
That

Intosh are full asd most of the early |of-way of the Canada Southern Rall

varieties.

In well cared for orchards |way Company with ‘a water lot in

the following fs an estimate of this |front thereof; the easterly 42 acres of

year's crop as’ compared with an aver- | Lot 4; Lot

ape yield:
Baldwin “und Greening,
Ben Davis, Duchess = and
per cent. Oxford county—Winter va-

Middlesex county—Spy,
50 per cent;

5 except the northwest cor-

ner owned by Mailloux; Lot 6, Lot 7
except the right-of-way of the Canada

King. 100 | Southern Rallway Company; the water

lot in front of Lot 7; the west part of

rieties, 80 per cent.; Fall varieties, 30 |Lot 8 except the right-of-way of the

per cent. Norfolk county—Winter va- [Canada Southern Rajlway
rieties, 40 per cent.: Fall varieties, 30 |and the land owned by Kelly;
per cent. Nodfolk county—Winter va- [except the right-of-way of the
tall varieties, 60 | wich, Windsor & Amherstburg Rail-
It neglected orchard® were | way; the water lot in front of Lot 29;

rieties, 70 per cent.;
per cent.

included in the foregoing estimate the |that part of
30 per | right-of-way of the Sandwich,

total crop would not esceed
cent. of normal.

Halton county gives |& Amherstburg Rallway,

Company
Lot 29
Sand-

Lot 30 lying west of the
Windsor

all in the

fair promise on nearly all varieties. In | First Concession of the said Township

the Georgian Bay district a medium |of Anderdo!
-|dian Stone

crop is expected, about equal to 1918

rap Ae

THE CHIEF POINTS

n; and that part of the In-
Quarry Reserve containing
\50 acres more or less, owned by the
sald Company, and being partly in the
First Concession and partly in the

   
  
 

IN TAXATION CHANGES i5a00nd Concession of the sald Town

 

The following are the chief points
in Sir Thomas White's taxation
changes: —

Absolute repeal of British prefer

{ential tariff war rate of five per cent

Repeal of part of war rate of 7%
per cent, on general tariff.
Smal system of British Empire

teas, ”

Reduction” of duty on
implements, frea wheat, wheat flour
and potatoes from countries which let
them in free,

Specific instead of ad valorem rates
on duty in pig lead, zinc spelter and
copper; ingots,

War! customs duty on cement re-

penlad. General tariff rate raduced to [sessment may be modified

8 per cent. per hundred pounds.
Increased income tax and heavier

preference in ground coffees and grown {therein by them or othpf

ship; and the east 50 acres of Lot 3
in the Second Concession of the sald
Township except the right-of-way of
the Canada Southern Railway Co, in-
cluding all buildings, plant and equip-
ment now erected or being erected or
which may during the said period be
erected on the sdid lands any of

them and the business’€arried on
Companies

and the same is herebf fixed at the

agricultural | sum of $400,000.00 for a period of ten

years from and after the final passing
of this by-law.

2 That this by-law shall not apply
to or affect taxation for school pur-
poses or for local improvements.

3. That this bylaw for a fixed as-
in comput-
ing the county taxes as follows:
Should the assessment as made by the

sur tax. Corporations to pay 10 per | County Council of the County of Es-
cent. on net Incomes in excess of two (sex on the Township of Anderdon for

thousand dollars. Business
war tax retained for the present year,

—-——

COMPARISONS OF TAX -

 

 

profit® county purposes be increased more

than $400,000.00 over the assessment
fixed by the County Council of Essex
County for the year 1918 on the Town-

PROPOSED ON INCOMES | ship of Anderdon, the sald Brunner,

 

Mond Canada, Limited, shall assume

United States Rate Is Higher—How [their share of any such increase pro-

Tax Works Out.

 

ruta as the fixed assessment of Brun-
mer, Mond Canpda, Limited, of $400,

The following table is a comparison |g()p,00 may bear, to the total assessed
of the. present -and proposed income { yyjiation of Anderdon Township as

tax for married persons and widows | mad, the Essex County Council for
and widowers having dependent -chil- a

 

ren with the scale’ in the United

 

Provisionally, passed the 19th day of

 

States: — 5
Podent Proposed United May ame ?
Income. ax. Tax: States, Passed the ,....:. eve day of
$ 3,000 $ 20 $ 40 8 60)... 0. fe. 1919,
4,000 60 80 120
5,000 100 120 180 RAYMOND ROCHELBAU,
6,000 140 170 250] = Reeve.
8.000 266 370 530 | A. €. MAILLOUX,
10.000 398 590 830 Clerk.
12,000 790 830 1150 . %
14,000 788 1,080 1.490
16,000 986 1,370 1.850 }
15000 © 2184 1.670 2,230 NOTICE.
20,000 1.382 1.930 28301 ° 7 ke Notice that the foregoing is a
460,000 7372 12.500 © 14.830 14rue copy of a propused by-law of the
70,800 9.962%, 12590 19.130 opporgtion of the fTownship of An-
50,000 12.327 20,3907 23.930 derdon to be submitted to the votes
90,000 ~~ 14,967 25,790 329.230 ly “he electors on the 16th day of
100,000” 17,607, 31.190 35.090 | y, 55 1919, between the hours of nine
159,004 24,282 61,180 67,0301 650) fn the forenoon and five o'clock
200,000 50,957 931907 101,090 Ly FC piornoon atuithe following
300,000 96,857 151.180 173,080 |g oo: W
500,000 195,407 303,190 332,030 if be. sal
1,000,000 499,167 663,190 708,030 | Polling Subdivision No. 1, at Town
~—— Hall, with Anson Pettypiece as Deputy

IS-

METHODJST MIN
: TERS ORDAINED.

 

With that most impressive ritual |p
the Methodist discipline, the laying on
of hands, 10 young men were, on Syn.
day morning, ordained In North Sireat
Methodist church, Goderich, by the
Conference president, Rev. AV. H. Gra-
ham. The church, normally cajable
of seating 1,200, held 1,600 to Withess
the service. Outside there wWerfi pear
ly 125 automobiles which had brought
visitors from far and wide. :

It was a most soléinn service. Stand-
Ing at the altar rill, the 10 young, mjn-
{sters listened lo the reading of the
ordination ritual and answered the
formal ‘questions regarding. their en-
trance to. fhie ‘work ol the “¢hurch.
Then they: knelt, and one after the
other felt the palms of some df the
conference's best ministers rest on
his head, whils the president repeat-
ed: “The Lori pour q upon thee
the Holy Spirit for thls’. office and

 

 
   
   
 
   
  
   
     
  
  
 
   
    
    
   

 
   
     
   
     
    
   
 
   
  

    

Returning ‘Officer.

Polling Subdivision No. 2, at school
house. School Section No. 4, with A
J. Golden as Deputy Returning Officer.

Polling Subdivision No. 3, at Oliver
Reaume's residence, with Oliver Rea-

ume as Deputy Returning Officer.
*Polling Subdivision No. 4, at IB;
Dufour's residence, with Gilbert Jean-
doin as Deputy Returning Officer,

And that the 14th day of June, 1919,

   
  

“|at three o'clock in the afternoon at thé

residence of Raymond; Rocheleau in
the sald municipality has been fixed
for the appointment of persons to at-
tend at the polling places, and at the
final summing up of the votes by the

Clerk.

And that If the assent of -the elec-

tors is obtained to the sald proposed
by-law; it’ will be taken into consider-
‘ation by the said Municipal Council of
the -said Corporation at a meeting

thereof to be held after the expiration

  

 

 

 

   

   
  
  

| lege, (Gu

 

         
     
   
    
   
    
       
    
    
      
        
   

   
   
      
   
    

   
 

5

Am RG

 
  

 

Raise All the Dairy Calves You
Possibly Can.

 

We should Strive to Double Our Cow
Population In the Next Ten Yenrs
—More Inmebikite, and Larger
Cash Returns, Secured by Snle of
Milk Than of Cream Where Locn-
tion Is Favorable.

.
(Contributed by Ontario Department of
Agriculture, Toronto.)

OR the farmer who i8 raising
hogs, one of the greatest
problems Is summer pasture.
A new luxuriant growth of

green grass Is soon eaten off when
the dry hot season comes and it Is
just at this time when the stockman
needs some form of succulent feed
for his stock, When the stock are
running on pasture they are getting
back to nature and there 18 nothing
like good green feed as a conditioner
for the animals. x

As for forage crops in this coun-

try alfalfa and rape seem to give the
best results, although anything that
will produce a good green growth in
a dry season is all right. Wherever
alfalfa will grow fit gives the beat
kind of permanent pasture for pigs,
as there Is no danger from bloat as
is the case of sheep and’ cattle.
Alfalfa provides pasture for a great-
er length of time than any of the
grasses and Is green and succulent
even when red clover has become
somewhat dried and woody. :

Heavy pasturing of alfalfa is not
good for .it and consequently the
number of animals allowed to pas-
ture on it should be restricted and
the plants should be allowed to grow
up and be cut two on three times a
season. Plgs, fed corn alone on &l-
falfa pasture, make fairly satisfac-
tory gains since the protein in the
alfalfa helps to balance up the de-
ficiences in corn, although for best
results a little of some nitrogenous
concentrates should be fed. Red
clover in the country gives very ex-
cellent results as a pasture for pigs,
for the reason that it can be grown
in a great many localities where
alfalfa cannot- be raised at all and
consequently it's great value. At one
of the Experimental Stations in the
States, red clover was inferior only
to alfalfa, while at another fit was
found that it was surpassed only.by
alfalfa and rape.

As’ an annual pasture for swine
noihlng surpasses rape. It can be
sown both early and late in the sea-
son and as a consequence forage may
be provided for at any time. To get
the best results from rape, it should
be sown In the spring and allowed
to obtain a height of twelve to four-
teen inches before turning the ani-
mals in. Care should be taken not
to allow the plants to be eaten off
too closely as the young. plants do
not get a chance to recuperate.” To
guard against this it would be wise
to -provide a second plot where the
animals could be turned in for a
time, . Rape {8 also grown in con-
junction with oats or with oats and
fleld pease, and some ‘authorities
rank rape and oats next to alfalfa
and red clover for pig pasture.

For young pigs in pastare it is
not wise to force them to subsist on
what they can get. ‘They should be
fed a little grain. Pigs that are’be-
ing pastured for the purpose of fat-
tening latter should have a limitéd
grain ration, ‘as this system of feed:
ing has been found most economical,
—J. C. McBeath, B.S.A., 0. A. Col-
elph.

 

3 0 an
Shall [ Rear Dairy Calves In 19197

In brief, raise all the heifer calves
for which there Is feed, labor, and
stable-room. More and better cows
are needed In Ontarlg. The number
of mllk-cows in the province has re-
mained stationary at about one mil-
lion, for a good many years. There
{8 ng good reason why this number
should not be doubled in the next ten
years, but it can be_done only by
rearing or buying. Buying cows Is
expensive and risky. It is a far bet-
ter plan to ralse cows. This, means
that all the best heifer calves should
be saved for future cows, As it re-
quires from three to Teur years 10
change calves into cows, in order to
double the cow population In ten
years, making allowandes for neces-
sary discards, we need to begin right
away, in order to aktain the desired
object. .

The average number of cowsyper
100 acres of farm land in Canada is
bat two, whereas in Denmark it 1s
fourteen; and in Holland sixteen. We
hitve a long way to go: In rearing
cows, before we lave anywhere near
the number which are found in the
best European dairy countries.
There i8 but one economical way to
attain this result, and that ‘je by
raising practically all the heifer
calves dropped during the next tea
years and as many puré-bred calves
ot excellent ancestry, ns may be re-
quired: for breeding purposes.

Shall I Sell;Milk or Cream?

This will be determined to a large
extent by the character of the farm-
ing operations, If the need for
direct, quick cash in largest amount,

 

   
     
   
  

——_—

By-Law No... |OVGECROPS FORPIS

   
  
   
     
    
       
 
   
    
     
      
       
   
        
  
       
 
   
    
  
    
   
  
       
 

   
  
       
     
 

| : 1 S | i f 1
Value is Satisfaction
The value of a motor car cannot be meas-
ured by its price alone. i :
It must be judged by the length of service
it gives.

The satisfaction you get is the deciding
factor, and in the Gray Dort satisfaction .

is 100%.

Satisfaction with the performance of this
sturdy light car—with its économy—with'
its comfort—with its beauty. .
You get this eatisfaction from the Gray Dort for]

more rs than from any other car at anywhere
near the Gray Dort price. I'S

The touring car is $1245; the Gray Dort Special—the
car with added refinements and extra-equipment, is
$135 extra; there are also n coupe, and a sedan. All
pricés f.o.b. Chatham and are subject to change
without notice. wy

GRAY DORT MOTORS, LIMITED;

  

       
  

$n

Chatham, Ont. {
In the U.8.:—Dort Motor Car Co., Fllat, Mich.)
-—
C. H. RICHARDSON & SON =!
‘ "tae

Agents, Harrow

LR

 

<5

Bt hl  Lu.-"-=si”

Wall Paper

Specialties

_ The largest stock of Wall Papers in town
is being shown in our Wall Paper Depart-
ment. Come in and look over our big stock
before placing your order. #

J. J. SINCLAIR

DALHOUSIE STREET
AMHERSTBURG

Erg

fests

 

Outfitter of Cozy Homes.
hrebedesieeieledeedesfedatefdeldededeodededbeddedbodedidedep dep bed:

BE

 

 

 

¥

         
   
    

        

‘GOLD MEDAL’
“Standard War Floyr”
T.R. FLOOD & SON,
Wholesale Dealers in Grain and Seeds. ;

HARROW, - ONTARIO.

 

 

l

  
     

 

An Investor ~~
‘Need Not Be a
Capitalist

   

       
        
  
    
  
  
    
 
   
  
   
 
 

 

    
 
  
  
  
 
  

  
 
   
    
  
 

 
    
  
 
 
   
    

  
     

 
  
  

 
  
    

  

    
  

  

   

  
  

   
 

  

  

 

   
  

Or the limba
Yeakness bigina.. ¥" An. .
th child is not under the abould

 

h as elo i, carrying secretions snd dis-
Ee ca

{a

  

   
 

 

   

    
  
 
 

 

‘of Canada can bo acted
‘another application for an -
crease in fraight rates onthe ground
that the prasent rates ard jngufiicien

| to: enuble th
ng nd

FREIGHT FATES UP?|
Within a very short Derid-the rail.

| vists, ete.
4 ists, ete.

      
  
  

  

all stages, empowering the Govern:
‘ment to deal summaril
Clit Wads, of Pennlac, N. B,, |
escaped death when

 

‘A drastic measure was put’ through

who ‘de-| §

   

      
 

 

 

mbers family who are :
. ne (Let Ber Of ork subject: 10. tho regulations of tho Provincial ark of minister dn the . Church of | 5¢ one-month from the date'of the first | is great, then selling milk will beat :
J." 1nd on the discretion of the Medical Officer of Health, 4 | God ow committed 10 theo by tHe [publication of this notice, Sand that “fil the bill On ths other hand, Go —
(4) Where there is an.outbreak gatherings of children, such as at I of sur hands, such’ first publication was made on| jf the dairy farmer can afford to wait | Man le. think it i i
picnics, picture shows, and playgrounds, should be prohibited. redial A ra alread ES the 28rd’day of May, 1919, for the, slower Tofurns from ergum . Hey Pogp Oh . necessar ary to
t . -should bo carefully v core PL : : and live-stock, and particularly if he ! mon order vest
he ro) ae 5OuTey of origin of 93ch. ale 5 1 jiarsey, A Andaman, Joun alk, Take further notice that a jenagt dealrés to {mprove or maintain soll in high interest-bearing securities a
Ta hers cases appear all doors and windows should be fer. B. Ki®mpron, M.D; 1. Wo ely| who desires to vate upon SAIC Proposed | gereijity, then selling cream is to be ~ ; ;
icroencd, the vio kept clean, and noeccumulation of garbage or Prosantation of & Tine hr eh he iro Ses mR not ‘recommended. : r 5 They envy the Capitalist because he has
1 , Sean, Bn I ee. . 4 J Was | later than ' & N to market Is another : |
mitted, J Jig rg. Ofer of | part: of. the cersmory. .. > |any. appointed for taking tha vote a |, ‘earmE : money to bonds and shares that
reall] AU cases should be at ke Botte te Bord. The service Wis fn charge of Rev.|déclaration under the Canada Ev- tactor, Where (ne Hi iyman Shear Barn earn him more money without further
Ng case” snowing SHED por , riso of temperature, and aia Ordination sot | dunce Bet ee, sine waka) peddle. milk, He can make more effort : :
: a ba muncalar Weakness : . ot eags or Td | money .qut of his cows than by any . w a A
tio perma tr, SHE, Se UE ny cm o Ben, SE Bl GH nt, Wi a Si Se wile, AL tet im be an investor and gs ig rene.
\ Aa Bade PR ! 8 § J rte . Fhe : - a quart, a good co! return from r {
The toyeione ot the prevention a or We Hi, 10 ook | propossd byaw Is pasuties OF Hor he] $260 10 8300 per year for her milk. War Savings Stamps have made it pos-
ot the cape atone Of the Dna: to-control that, ~- Te ee Dram, Dr, Oy oy: [least tony alo years, to pay ait| When this is compared with $100 to hrm
(3) “Aa Infantile Paralyals i & Serious disease and In the present |p, 5 4. Hicks W. B. Milaon, A. B, A Ee ramvoce of tin rope | $150 per cow, Wheto cream 1s sold, A ee CEE
eDldemic giv Digh death-rate, the public is urged to second the efforts |" “fyiomaon, W. K. Hager, E., G. [erty of which be is tena other than | OF Wilk sent to a cheese factory or You can get a War Savings Stamp for
ot the auth Titles ry way in order {o prevent a severo outbreak in tho | oo ay E. Ford. hE, 8. erty, fF which he is senate oe ndenwory, wo eo WhAL A decided Jou sam pit a War Stvich p for
Tres duthioritia in overy way. lor el and : x ’ D! i toa | money advantage there is in selling Pdi 4 Bond,
(10) All materials such RE © _ A C MAILLOUX, |milk: to’ customers direct. — Prof.-|. vei be red over 414%, and in 1924 ;
NEW TARIFF DOWN; PE WET Clerk. | H. H. Dean, O. A. College, Guelph.. . be redeemed for oi ou

bg

  

a F

    

4 Bolshe-| §

3

 

  

    
   
 
  
