 

 

- OVERCOATS

Splendid assortments and won-
derful values await you here.

Don't Delay - Buy Now

Big warm hearted Ulsters made from pure wool duffle cloth
lined throughout, also satin yoke lined, with piped seams. These
are truly handsome garments and are shown‘in three very nice

plain'shades at--- 2
$50.00

Other Lines at $35 to $85

 

b

Men’s Overcoats

Special Values af $20.00 and $2250

These coats are made in the popular box style from

ims OVERCOATS

: Smart form-fitting models with waist line, also two-

button double breasted, form-fitting styles with deep
slip vent—a garment that is much appreciated by the
youthful dresser. They are shown in greys, browns and; good winter weight cloths .in grey mixed tweeds, also
tan shades.” Verp special values at $29.50, $30.00 and plain dark grey; they are wonderful value. Sizes 35
$84.00. , to 420 -\ : 1

t 3 4 Fie

~

Boys’ Overcoats Kiddies’ Coat:
Smart little Reefers and Belt Overcoats made from
grey and blue nay cloths as well ag frejzes and tweeds:

splendid. little garments that will give comfort and

«The big boy of to-day is looking for as much style
¢ in his clothes as his elder brother; that's what he'll find

end to ent models; ass 3 0 97,01 O10 10 $35 TAT $0.50 10 $23.50 £%

9
9
%
0
E

)

i

Sweater Coals ~~. Boys’ Reckirs

<All wool, medium and heavy weight, with or without collaf,
greys. brown and combination colors, sizes 36 to 46, at $10, $11, : {
$12, $15. : ’ : i5 Ea

Men's and boys’ pullover, V neck Sweaters, all-waal of. a
splendid quality, Price $4.60 to $7.50.  ¢ y

Boys’ All-Wool Jerseys, button on the shqulder, just the thing
for insille wear, sizes 22 to 32, at $2.25 to $3.00.

TORONTO *
HAMILTON ) a pd i |

LONDON 2 “OWEN SOUND
WINDSOR : PETERBOROUGH
WELLAND : : GALT
THOMAS BRYDEN, Mgr. CHAIN STORES. 17 SANDWICH ST. EAST

WINDSOR, ONTARIO

Big’ heavy nap reefers with storm colar, -thé ideal coat for
school or sport wear, sizés 30 to 33,"at $14. {

Boys’ Mackinaw Coats at $8.50 and $10.
+ A clearing. line of boys’ Watorproof Coats at $3.95.

¥

fo

St. CATHARINES
_ST. THOMAS

FOX OX OXOR OXOXOFOXOROIIS

HRY EX pry Sos ny

Elections Act, 1918, as amended by Speaking at a Iuncheon before tha

MARKING GRAVES OF

VOTING QUALIFICATIONS.

Following, queries and answers ap-
peared In the legal columns of a To-
ronto paper Saturday:—

W. C. R; Walkerville—Many Do-
minion civil servants voted at the re-
cent provincial elections, Had they
a right to do.so? (2) What is the
exemtpion for householders and non-
householders from municipal taxa"
tion? :

Ans —By an amendnient to the ON
tarlo Statutes of 1917 the eectiof
which disqualified a number of
minjon civil servants, such as customs
officials and postmasters, from vol
Ing, 1s repealed. (R. 8. O.. Chap: 8.
Sec. 12, as aménded in 1917, page 46.)
(2) The amendments t6 the Assess
ment Act passed by the Ontario Legis:
lature last year, exempts houséhold:
rs of cities’ and towns to the extent
of. $1,700, and householders of other
municipalitieh to the extent of $1400.
It exempts ouseholdera” of cities
and towns to the extent of $700, and
In other municipalities to the extent
St 3500, Rag BL 5

- B,, Wellnndport. voter wi
not. Ieoity ne when his name Was
© list, bot

entered on y 3

tyone before tie foting ay, had hej
a right to yote?" (2) » Tosi nt hos {
h his roturn. to, England! to’ convey -to| |

4 His Majesty t king your expression | ;

not been living for

county hefore fot L

“lie Bn
right to vote? >

0
ihe

chap. 7. sec. 8 of the Amending Act
of 1918). > (2) The voter mwp have
been resident for thréé months in the
electoral district In which ths polling
sub-division is situated; and In the
case of a city divided into two or more
electoral districts, has for thirty days
nest preceding the nomination been a
regldent of and domiciled in the elec- |

toral district. :

PRINCE SENDS APPRECIATION
OF ESSEX WELCOME

The Prince of Wales, through his
private” secretary ‘had acknowledged
his apprecfation of the address tender

ed him while a visitor in Essex coun-

ty by: the people of this. county. War-
den Judson E, Scratch Fridey receiv.
ed the following Jetter:—
“Royal, Tran. at: Kingston, L
“Judson Scratch, Baquire.
‘Warden of the County of Essex,
, Windsor, Ont." ‘
“Sir—I am desired by the Prince

£ Wales to ask you to express to tlie |
residents of the County of Eases, i
‘ Royal Highness's deep. app) f
tg Tho gm which they |

‘him on'the on: of hi

Fini i Riot inn
thanks. 0 good. wishes

tained Aerolny and will not fail "on

rand
of loyalty 8 hi
= Your

& scraped, No use

BEBE
REA TLLLOSAAOSIRARANARE ESS

“J am a blacksmith.

i contracted a sore
finger, which led to
blood-poisoning.

After three months of
: dactosing) the finger had
to be cut off. 4 :
It was too Jute te The poisan ir
to and arm.
A and the ‘bone
{ Doctors. said
‘band would have to be taken off.”

1 refused, nnd sé Zam.
pervs LT

fora few. weeks. It subdued the
blood-poisoning and by the time I
had used 7 toxes of Zam-Buk my
hand was quite healed.

. _Zam-Buk surely saved my hand,
and I firmly believe it would have

* saved my flnger too had I used
it at first.” ~ ;

These facts were sworn to vy Me. John 4] 2
if

Evans of 87 Lawrence St., Halifax, N.S.,
before Supreme Court. Commissioner
“O'Hearn, and the sworn statement may
be seen by any person so desirous.

2 cures ulcers, ecacria, abiceases, plies,
utr, cald sores, burn, scalds, baubles” rashes, elec.
SOc box, all divggists and stores. or Aam-Buk Co.,
Tordato, fou prices

/

Electric Club in Toronto, last wee:
CANADIAN. HEROES W. A. McLean, Deputy. Minjater of
¥3 > Highw y s

Provision is now being made by the Ha nine Sravifce of Onasiod
Imperial War Graves Commission for advice. Outlining ‘the present situa-
permanent memorials‘to be erected on [tion pn Ontario, he _safd the need of
the graves in all theatres of war, |the Province inthis connection wae
These memorials will bear the regl-|tor a system of highways with contin-
mental badge, number, rank, name yous maintenance which would be rea:
and initinls or Christian names of | gonably passable, Ontario might well. © -
the soldier, date of death, and the pq thought, Increase its expenditure
name of the unit. The appropriate fon good roads, but on the other hand,
religious emblem, will also be capved economy must be practised, and roads
on the memorial, and a space has been |bujle {n proportion to the trafic which
provided for a text or inscription chos- they accommodated. Close ‘to lage
en by the next of kin, which will be|citfes, where there was a heavy com-
engraved at his or her own cost. | centration of traffic, construction must.

The completion of the work under- he heavy in proportion, while similar
taken by the Commission-will be great: | construction in. rural districts would
ly facilitated if the next of kin will!not be justified. It would be ont of the.
co-operate In the task of verification question to adopt one type f roadway
by returning the. forms with as little throughout the province. re wore,
delay as ‘possible, remembering that he said, 142,000 miles of highway Io
delay “in Information regarding one Ontario, ‘and a larg eportion of this
grave may seriously fmpede the con- mileage was surfaced: road, ‘Cond}-
struction and completion of a ceme-|tions compared
tery. Sh ; 3 tioad in almilar

ri . | while good

She was crying unrestrainedly. Not |been delayed, e

a sound came from the preity trem-|much of the time lost could

bling lips, but the great tears rolled :
down her cheeks, The man ry od in the ae

to_enjoy thie slght. A sarcastic smile |, The Grand” Trunk bil
played about his cruel mouth as. he. Jira reding. in. the, Senate
walched her; indeed he looked as |S cK diy nigh

if he never could have smiled. he: Commun

 fother kind: The girl's beautiful eyes

looked He
EE is aon

 
