  
  

-

 
   
 
   

"PAGE EIGHT

 

ESSEX COUNTY COUNCIL,
Auditors’ Report.

To the Finance Committee of tho County of Essex: —
Gentlemen, —In compliance with the direction of the Chairman of your

commitlee that we report on the County Registrar's report to the County
in relation to the division of the surplus of fees.of his ottice ror 1918, between
him and the municipalities, and a comparison with the report for 1917.

We beg to report as follows: —
We find under the amendments to the Registry Act, 1918, that the fees

10 the office ror registrations was materially increased, for example {t now
©uBts to register a wortgage an increase of uc, a deed voc, a certificate 26c.,
a plan $4.00, discharge of mortgage 6uc., letters of administration b0c.. etc,
Aud the division of, the surplus was changed in the Act from a percentage
om gross and net income to percentage on net receipts only.

The gross receipts for the year 1918 were $16,016.95 and for 1917 were
$12,634.55, un increase for 1918 over that of 1917 of $2,372.10, notwithstanding
‘hat there were 764 more instruments registered in"1817 than in 1918.

Under the division of the surplus &s provided by the amendment of 1318
the municipalities were pald $5,329.70; If the Act had not been changed in
respect to the division of the surplus the municipalities would have received
$6,080.33, or $759.63 more.

Under the amendment the Registrar received for himself $4,592.19; 1t
the division had not been changed by the Act he would have received $3,832.
86, or $759.63 less. By a provision of the amended Act tho deduction from
the gross income for the expenses connected with the work in conducting
the busimess of the office shall nat be increased beyond the amount paid there-
for in 1917 without the consent in writing of the Inspector,

The expenses of the office in 1918 were $5,095.06, and for 1917 were
€4,764.26, an increase for 1918 of $349.81. The expenses of 1918,, $6095.06, was
used {in the deductions to arrive at the net income for 1918.
| The Registrar has, nat received the consent of the Inspector thereto as
fs aequired by the Act, but he says he will do so at once.

From the above you will observe that although there was not as mugh

business done in 1918 as in 1917, yet the receipts were 2372.10 more, and that

td the municipalities got $732.93 more and the Registrar gat $1,299.36 more than
Hs sn 1917 and the expenses were $349.81 more.

Attached hereto ig a comparative statement of the instruments registered
and other receipts’for the years 1917 and 1918 from which you can make your

own comparisons,

 

  
  

 
 
  
 
 
 

 
 
  
  
  

 
  
 
 

  

  

Respectfully submitted,
(Signed) CHAS. BELL,
JOHN McAULIFFE,
Auditors.

Sandwich, March 12th, 1919.

Registry Office Report.

Registry Office for the Registry Divislon of Essex County.

 

Return of all fees and emoluments to the 31st of December, 1917 and 1918.
Total number of instruments registered during the

 
  
  
     
    
  
  
 
 
  
   

 

  

 

 
 

 

VEAP .usceaaisrssansesasnosnsenssenaaone 8778 S014
J Fees paid therefor ...$ 10395 60 § 12826 90
6 Number of patents registered........ .e 9 1
7 yTotal fees, therefor... ..coverevas 14 6b 2 00
§ Number df deeds registered. Ey wo XA 3763
9 Total ples therefor.............. . / 5851 66 7322 80
10 Numplér of mortgages registered. 9 1851 1383
11 Total fees thepefor.............. A 1888 20 1915 70
12 Number of discharges of mortgages. 1738 1622
13 Total fees therefor.............. ane 941 95 1442 70
14 Number of wills registered. ne 129 134
16 Total fees therefor...... 229 90 311 30
16 Number of leases registered. 30 131
17° Total fees therefor.......... 10 80 315 80
‘ 38 Number of abstracts 163 138
19 Total fees therefor....... 189 25 320 36
20 Number of searches...... 4179 4126
21 Total fees therelor........ >, sev sossaiancrnoes 1882 45 1613 95
22 Number of mechanics’ lens 68 44
235 Total fees therefor......... 24 16 11 66
24 Number of all other instruments, 1076 936
25 Total fees therefor oly mere 1604 30 15056 95
26 Amount recefved for work done for which the Cdun- P
ty, City or-other municipality is liable. ....... 230 30 451 00
27 Amount recefved“for other services...... eins 167 .65 264 16
29 Gross amount of fees for the year,..... 12634 85 15016 96
20 Amount paid Deputy Registrar for service. . lei» 1608 00 1826 00
81 Charges for clerks and copyists$2876 00 $2946 00
Miscellaneous ...... er RL 261 26 324%06 :
— —— 3137 25 #3270 06
3 32 Amount of surplus pald to County, City or Town. . 4596 77 6329 70
3202 83 4592 19

42 Net amount récelved by Registrar. ....cc.cco...

By-Law. No. 423.
BEING A BY-LAW of the County of Essex In respect to Highway Im- |

provement.
Passed® March 13th, 1919.
~ Whereas under the Highway Improvement Act thir Council of any County
may by by-law adopt a plan for the improvement of Highways throughout the
County by assuming highways in‘any municipality in the County in ordér to
form or extend a system of County highways designating the highways to be
assumed and improved and intended to form dr to be added to such system.
And whereas by the Highway Improvement Act of 1916, the Council of
any County may with the approval of the Minister pass a by-law as provided
in Section 4 of the Highways Improvement Act, and may exereise the. power
and perform the duties provided by that Act with respect to any part of such
County, consisting of four or more adjoining townships.
And whereas by By-law No. 874, passed July 28th, 1916, the Countil of
the County of Essex passed asbyJaw under the provisions of The Highway
Improvement Act, 1916, to exérclse the powers and perform the duties pro-
vided by The Highway Improvement Act with respect to certain adjoining
Townships. +, ~ Si
Andrwhereas the Council of the County of Essex «deems It advisable to
pass a further by-law under the provisions _of.the Highway Improvement Act,
1816, adopting a plan for the assuming and improvement of highways in
certain other adjoining townships in the County, to wit, in the Townships ol
Malden, Colchester North, Colchester South, Gosfield North, Gosfield South

and Mersea., .
Be it therefore enacted by. the Municipal Council of the Corporation of

ihe County of Esgex,—;, . :

1. That the several ronds and highways in the said Townships described
and set forth in Schedule “A' hereto annexed and forming a part of this by-
law are hereby designated and assumed as County highways, to be improved
and maintained under the provisions of the Highway Improvement Act and
the amendments thereto.

5 ¥ 2. The said highways shall be constructed, maintained and Improved in
3 accordance with the provisions and regulations prescribed under and by
virtue of the sald The Highway Improvement Act and amendments therato.

3. The wark of construciion and maintenance shall be commenced as
soon as practicable after the coming Into force of this ‘by-law.

4., The County Couneilimay from time to time while carrying out, the
pian of highway improvements Hereby provided for by by-law make grants
io villages or towns not separated from the county, for the purpose of im-
proving such highways or portions of highways In'such Villages or Towns &s
way be designated in the by-law making such grant, and which are, exten-
sions of.or form connections between different portions of the roads hereby |:
assumed, but the total amount of such grants to any Village or Town shall
rot exceed the sum of the Provincial grant thereon and the taxation paid by
‘he urban municipality under the by-law.’

6. The funds~for the improvement of the highways herain designated
ghall be ralsed by annual levy upon the ratable property within the sald
Townships, including the incorporated Towns of Kingsville and Leamington,
or by the issue of debentures from time to time as may be deemed necessary
and expedient, or by any other means authorized by law, tle rate for the pay-
ment of such’ debentures Or any rate levied under the authority of or by rea:
won of the sald Highway Improvement Act and amendments thereto, shall be
Yovied and collected upon the ratable property aforesaid and uo part of the
cost of the improvement and maintenance of the said highways shall be

borne municipalities not included in this by-law. -
me Na a from the Province under the said Highway Improvement

Actushall be expended salely upon the system of roads regularly assumed and

acstgnated as County highways-under the sald Act.
> T The. County Council shall in each year submits to the Minister of

> Public Works and Highways for his approval a general estimate or estimates
. 5# the expenditure proposed to be made on the sald highways for the ensuing

year, and no expenditure in excess of the estimate or estimates so submitted
_“ind approved shall be considered a charge upon the Province under the sald
— ” v .

* Act. ve “2 y # .
“78. This bylaw shall come into’ force and effect immediately upon {ts
approval by the Lieutenant-Governor-in-Council, under the provisions of The

Highway Improvement Act. ,
foned) W. P. CO (Signed) JUDSON SCRATCH.

 

    

  

  

  

 

 

 
 
 
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
 
 
 
   

  

  
    
       
   
    
  

(Signed) W. P. COYLE, = /
Clerk. x Warden.

: SCHEDULE “A”.
’ =. + Description of Roads to be included under By-Law No. 423.
3 25. The road known as Talbot Road, commencing at the westerly limit

§ of the Village of Wheatley, thence folowing the “said Talbot Road to the
* gown of Leamington, thence westerly from the westerly limits of the Town

along the Second Conpession in Mersea Township andjcon-
1 uth to the

   
    
     
  

Gosfield South and Gosfield the Town of Easex. .
Eighth Concession Road in the Township of
Fsgex and Kent, thence westerly fol-

eswood on the Leamington Side

  
  
 

| drafts by note at the end; of each month.

By-Law No. 423, passed on the I&th

the County of Essex:—
Brown, W. Woollatt, M. Renaud, T. Ouellette and the Warden be.a commit-

of the County Council as to the maintenance and fmprovement of the re-

yer annum.”

    
  
    
 
 
    
    
  
   

 

 

  
   
 
   
   
   
 
 
   
  
 
   
  
 
 
  
      
          
        
        

between the Townships of Mersea and Tilbury West. thence westerly along

Mersea.

31. Commencing on the side road batween Lots 8 and 7 In the Township
of Mersea at tho townline between Tilbury West and Mersea, thence southerly
along anid side road, known as the Leamington Side Road, to the Town of
Leamington.

32. Commencing on the side Toad between Lots 9 and 10 at Ruthven, in
the Township of Gosfield South, thence south along sald side rond to tho road
known as the Front Road, thence westerly along sald Front Road in Gosfield
South to the-Fown of Kingsville, thence westerly from the Town of Kings.
»ille on the First Concession Road to Arner on the Townline between Gos:
field South and Colehester South, thence west om. the Second Concession |
Road in Colchester South to the Townline between the Townships of Col-
chester South and Malden, thence northerly along sald Townline to the side
road between Lots 66 and 86 In the Township of Malden, thence westerly
along suid side road to the Sixth Concesslon Raad, thence northerly along,
the sald Sixth Concession Road to the side road between Lots 48 and 49,
thence westerly along oald side road to the Third Concession Road, thence

of Anderdon and Malden. And nlso the road known as the Pike Road from
the sald Third Concession Road in Malden to the Town of Amherstburg,

33. The road running north from the Town of Kingsville, known as the
Division Road, through the Townships ot Gosfield South and Gosfleld North
to the Talbot Road in Gosfield North,

34. Commencing at the corner of the Maidstone and Rochester Town-
line on the Townline between Maldatone and Gosfield North, thencé west
along sald Townline to the side road between Lots 12 and 13 in Gosfield
North, thence south on the said side road to the side road between Lots 269
ond 270, Talbot Road Range, thence following sald side rond through the
Village of Cottam to the Seventh Concession Road in Gosfleld North.

36. The Townline Road between the Townships of Colchester North
and Gosfield North, and Colchester South and Gosfield South from the Town
cf Essex southerly to the Front Road or First Concession in Colchester South.

36. Commencing at the First Concesslon or Front Road (n the Town-
ship of Colchester South on the road between Lots 67 and 68, thence porth
tlong sald road to the Second Concession road in Colchester South, desig-
nated as road No. 32.

37. Commencing at the.Second Concessfon Rozd in Colchester South
on the road between Lots 9 and 10 In the ViHage of Harrow, thence north
slong said road to the Fifth Concession Road, thence west along the Fifth
Concession -Road to the Gore Road, thence along said Gore ‘Road north.
westerly from the Fifth Concession Road 1o the Colchester South and Col-
chester North Townline, thence westerly along the ‘said Townline to the
Rear Road, thence northerly” and westerly to the Townline between Malden
and Colchester North.

38, Commencing at the east end of the road known as: the Plke Road
on the Townline between Colchester North and Malden, thence north along
the said Townlino Road and the Townline Road between Colchester North
and Anderdon through the Village of McGregor to the Sandwich South Town-
line, thence by way of the said Townline and the Seventh Concession Road
Any Te Oldcastle Sideroad in Sandwich South to the Talbot Road at Old-
castle.

39, The Eighth Concession Road in the Township of Malden from the
Anderdon and Malden Townline south to the road designated as Road No, 32.

40. The Townline Road between Anderdon and Malden from the Sixth
Concession-Rond in Anderdon to the Colchester North Townline,

41. The North Rear Road of the Malden Road Range of lots In Colches-
ter North from the Anderdon and Colchester North Townline northeasterly
to tho Town of Essex. ¢

42. The side road betweon Lots 16 and 16 in the Maiden Road Range of
Lots in Colchester North Township, known as the Gesto Side Road.

43. The Front Road in Malden Township along the Detroft River from
tho Town of Amherstburg south to tho road between Lots 14 and 16 in the

Township of Maiden.

. By-Law No. 424.
A BY-LAW to rafse a foan to meet current expenditure,
Passed March 13th, 1919,

Whereas it has been deemed expedient to raise by way of.loan the sum
of Twenty-five Thousand Dollars required to meet the current expanditure of
the Corporation of the County of Essex. /

i Be it theretore enacted by the Municipal Council of the Corporation as

Hllows:— {

1. That it shall.gnd may be lawful for the Corporation of the County of
Essex to borrow from any chartered bank or banks the sum of Twenty-five
Thousand Dollers for the purposes aforesaid, to meet the current expendi

ture of the County.

2. That the sald sum shall be advanced by permitting the overdraft on
the Corporation account from day to day not oxceading Twenty-five Thousand
Dollars, and fnterest shail be charged on the daily balances against the sald fi
Corporation at thé rate of five and one-half per centum per agmum.

3. That the Warden and the Treasurer of the County be and they are
hereby authorized to enter into, the necessary agreements to carry into effect

the said loan.
4. That the Warden and the Treasurer are empowered to cover the over-

JUDSON SCRATCH,
Warden.

  
   
       
     
    
     
   
    
 
    
    
     
    
 
   
   
      
       
      
      
     
     
    
    
 
        
      
         
    
      
      
      

 

        
    
      
        
         
    
    
       
    
       
       
         
      
     

W. P, COYLE, (Signed)

(Signed)
; Clerk.

nid.

 

 
 

By-Law No. 425.
A BY-LAW to repeal By-Law No. 419, appointing a Highways Committee.
" Passed March 13th, 1919,
Wheress Essex County by By-Law No. 374, pagsed on the 28th day jof

July, 1916, have adopted a ¥ystem of Highway Improvement, and a further
day of March, 1919, ‘adding adjoining,

Municipalities, and it {8 deemed expedient to confirm by by-law the appoint:

ment of the Highways Committee, and define their duties. .
Be it therefore enacted by the Municipal Council of the Corporation «of

Armstrong, L. Smith, A. G.

1. That the appointment of Messrs. A. T.

100 for the improvement of highways for the year 1919. as
2 That the duties of the sald committee are to carry out the instructions

spective highways,.and to purchase the necessary road machinery and what-
over else may be necessary in copnection with the ‘said Highway Improve

ment. 3 a »
(Signed) W. P. COYLE, (Signed) JUDSON SCRATOH.
3 Warden.

Clerk.

By-Law No. 326.

A BY-LAW to amend By-Law No. 380, and Bydaw No. 359, increasing the
salaries of the Keeper, the Tnapector and the Matron of the House of Industry |

and Industrial Farm. N bo
Puiged March 13th, 1919.

Whereas it has been deemed expedient to increase the salaries of the

Keeper, the Inspector and the Matron of the House of Industry and Industrial

Farm. y
Therefore the Municipal Council ot the Corporation of the County of

Essex enacts as follovs:—

1. That Section 4 of the said By-law No
amended so as-to read ag follows: —

(4) “The salary of the Sald Keeper shall be Seven Hundred and Seventy:

five Dollars per annum, and board.”
9. That Section 2 of the said By-law No. 330 be and the same Js hereby

amended so as to read as follows:—
(2) “The ‘salary of the, said Inspector shall be Two Hundred Dollars

      
      
    
 

 

       
    
    
      
    
       
         
             
   
      
    

380 be and the same is hereby

     
      
    
     
      
 

3. That Section 6 of the said Bylaw No. 359 be and the same 8 hereby

amended so as to read as follows:— ;
(6) “The salary of the sald Matron shall be Four Hundred and Twenty-

five Dollars per annum and bosrd.” i
This by-law to be effective from January 1st, A. D, 1919. °
(Signed) W. P. COYLE, (Signed) JUDSON SCRATCH,
Clerk. > Warden.

 

 

fn accordance with the townslip by-
law. —Carried.

Louis Smith, A. E. Roach, Charley
White, addressed the council asking
for & grant to’ fimlah gravelling the
sideroad between the ‘1st concession
and concession B road. They agreed
to do some gravelling gratis on Con-
cession B road,

Moved by Mr. Willan, seconded by
Mr. Whittle, thst a grant of $76.00 be
made to gravel the 18 and 19 sideroad
anfl that Mr. Setterington be commis-
sioner to expend the same. —Carried.. ||

Council adjourned. i

et gee
BORDER CITY HOLDUPS.
ar—" |

Terrorized by a series of daring)
holdups by gunmen, residents of the
municipaHties to the east and west of |
Windsor are demanding more police

   
  

Mersea Council.

Monday, March 17th.

“The council met purapant to by-law.
all the members present. Affmutes of
Inst meeting read and adopted.

A communication was received from
J. H. Rodd, KC, notifying the coun~
cil that the Anderson appeal bas been
dismissed with costa allowed the

township. ;
A notice was received from the

superintendent of the Bssex County
Sanitorium that Agnes Lee had been
admitted as a patient from’the town-

ship of Mersea.
D'Arcy. Bell addressed the council

requesting permission (0 plow and
forage back the bank of earth along
the ditch in front of his property and
level the side of the road. =F
Maved by Mr. Lambler asconded by

Mr. Willan, that the request of Mr. | protection. »
the work §s| The holdups commenced a week ago,

Bell be granted, providing 3
De the satisfaction of Mr.{when a Ford aad roprietor was

  
 
  
    
  
     
     
    
    
 
    
    
  
  
   
    
  
     

    
   
   
  
 
   
   
   

  
 

Whittle—Carrled. compelled to AY oliver” the
Moyed by Mr. Willan, se nded by [contents of his | register. at the
Mr. Lambjer. that Fred..Crick be ap=|point of a re: in tho handy of a
ted ter in Diy. 9 in place | masked bandit, _ escaped In an;
Meston, that D'Arcy Bell |antomobile. © oiofr oo fl
pathmaster tn Div. 19! At midnight Thursday a resident of

that Willis | Sandwich w! “the po co Tat

 
 
  
  

THE AMHERSTBURG ECHO.

 

30. Commencing on the Essex and Kent County Line on the Townline |
sald Townline to the side road between Lots 6 and 7 in the Township of]

rorth on the Third Concession Road to the Townline between the Townships }

    
    
   
     
    
    
  
       
     
     
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
    

      
          
     
   
    
          
  

       
        
 
       
    
 
          
        
        
    

   
        
       
       
  
  
      
   
   
 
 
    
   
 
  
  
 
 
   
 
  
    
  
 
   
      
    
    
    
    
  
  
   
   
  
      
   
   
   
 

  
   

A ——————————————————e

   

 
 

 

 

. We've got that stralght from Europe,
1d plenty to wear, NOW, all we have to
a reasonable amount of leisure and

Germany is fied so tight she can't wiggle
There is plexity to eat in this Country ar
do is live, which means a healthy*amount of work,
the requisite amount of slumber, Nothing very serious about that, eh?

Peace isn’t signed yet, you say? Well just leave that to Woody and John B.

Russia is in a turmoil—Bolsheyism—Horrors! That's unfortunate—so is the

“Flu”. It's hard-to say which is worse. The Divine Plan is a conundrum,

The Workmen all over the world are making demands-—shorter hours—better

living conditions. Well, whose world is this anyway? Didn't they save it? or rather
the civilization of it, and that's about all we are interested in. The workers now,
know what they con do, and if they only keep their heads they’ll do it, too.

Of course, there are Brain workers and Muscle work and Musele and Brain
ee ————————

workers.” The wise man knows the dependence of each on the other. .

ers

 

Each individual has his or her little corner-to fill, his iffle or big task to per-
form. Each must see that his part in the works of mankipd is worthy of the whole,
While each and every one of us should have a knowledge of the system we aré help-
ing to build up, should.acquaint ourselyes with the intricate workings of the New
Social Order of the newer and broader civilization that is sweeping over the world
like an avalanche of snow over a precipice, we must not forget that the world is de-

# pending on each of us to “do our bit,” to do anything within our power to make this
a brighter, happier and better world.

It is our duty, especially during this period of readjustment, to help keep all ihe
wheels of industry turning that will grind out real value, to labor and provide labor
for willing hands. The world must be fed whether it works or not. - The Farmer holds
the key to the Pantry. The Working Man is willing to give a thousand and one
articles, do a thousand and one things in exchange for.food, but bear in mind that
he is going to have food whéther you give him work or not.

   
   

“Going slow and sitting tight” have no place in an ambitious and Patriotic man’s
vocabulary. He knows that he must keep the dollar rolling or it will fall flat.

: What are you doing, Mr. Farmer, to help out in" this period of reconstruction?
Are you sitting tight? Or are you one of the far sighted men that knows that the
Progressive man stands to win whether prices go up or down. Have you: figured out
the'simple little problem that wages in the basis of all value and that if wages stay
up (they are going higher every day) everything else must find a corresponding level,

having regard, of course, to science and invention, and a modification of the distribu-
tion of earnings which is bourtd to come. :

    

 

4

. However, for the business man or farmer who. is but making a fair return on Capi-
e tal invested and is getting but‘a fair reward for his labor; there is no occasion to be
apprehensive, provided, however, that he' takes advantage of the use of modern and :

! up-to-date, appliances in the prosecution of his business. rE

co
other busifiess man can expect to compete
modern machinery and labor saving de-

You, Mr. Farmer, no.niore than auy
in the world’s markets unless you employ
vices.

If the Manufacturer of Automobiles, Farm
Anvil and Forge you couldn't buy a car for a
mot been for the far sighted men who saw the
ness, and who were willing to back their jnd
now be enjoying an Automobile, the Telephon
drainage Machine (as wonderful] as any
without half appreciating the efforts nee
perfection. ;

Machinery, etc,” had* stuck to the.
Million Dollars, if at all. If it had
possibilities: of applied science in busi- |
gment with hard cash, we would not
e, the Phonograph, Wireless, the Under-
) and a thousand one things we have and use
essary to bring them to their present state of

r

. Si Fyne the value of the Drainage Machine?

p with less labor and less expense mean fn
; : anything to you?.: Whe 5
pense we mean it absolutely. Remember, it doesn't ; When W6,S3Y loss =
cost anything to install a Drain-

age Machine. It's always worth the money. Only things that wear out and depreciate

in value cost money. It doesn’t cr
} b > st you anythi \
Isn't $2. Tavectod § na v a yt ng to put $2,000 inthe Bank, does it: :

times more interest? © machinejust as safe? and doesn’t it pay ten to fifteen

Does doubling your !

 
 

 

Are ‘you worrying about a late S

man with the tiled farm if he PINE because we had an open Winter? Ask the 3

is worrying,

. Don’t forget these facts: —Th
4 :—There has been
years. With what tile are on hand in the different

 

every ‘hundred acres that need tiling or one farm i
_ vided no tile are shipped out of Essex and Kent. T

almost in trainloads right now Do
: these figure ;
only one per cent. of the farmers can get ra ything 1 you? 1

yon going to be one of the lucky ones?

you act quickly. We can

Use Everlasting Burned (

WE DIDNT USE OUR HEADS.

what will be made this year there will only be os in® Essex and Kent and |

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   
     
 

 

 

EE: am

  
  
   
        
   
    
 
  
 
   
  
      
      
   
      
  
   
    
     
  
 
 

       

{

  
 
 
   
  
     
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
     

1] "uy
