    

  

 

   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
    
  

 

  

   
  
   

     
   
   
          
     
      
    
 
     
    
 
  
    
 
   

&  tensel

 

Four Good Lessons
to Remember

First—Once your kidneys are affect:
ed, chronic complaints are sure to fol:
low—if you dom" remove the eause

Second—You ean’t negleet kidoay
or bladder derangements and stay

 

 

dealthy. Putting off will never cure. | from Clarence Askew

3 On Friday evening
Third—The symptoms of kidney or { about twenty-five friends and neigh A

You must assist Nature.

biadder trouble—the commonest symwp-
toms—are: Pains in the back and |
sides, swollen joints, painful urination,
brick dust deposits, and constant
headaches or dizziness.

Fourth—The sure and safe remedy } supper was served, all doing justice |

for all afflictions caused by weak or
deranged kidneys is Gin Pills.
Gin Pills have been the means of

restoring thousands of chronic suffer- |wchools in’ Ontario
y last
you suffer from kidney or bladder | renewing old acquaintances.

ers to health and strength again. If |

troubles—ose Gin Pilla They seldom

fail to bring relief. { principal of the
Read what Gin Pills did for Mr. |school. just after
Jaries Stackhouse, of Toroato. Mr | Principal ~Hende
Stackhousa became convinced that he | Ad: leaving h

was ii for an attack of Kidney trouble, | taught for a few
{ came [nsppctor.for

Although subjected to X-ray treatment,
the eanse could not be located.
ally ho was forced tb leave his work |
and go to & hospital. His place was
filled by another, as he never expected
to go to work again.

Five boxes of Gin Pills put him on
‘his fect again, and to-day he is physi
cally fit again and ready for work

Sold everywhere for 50c a box. A
free sample on request by writing to

The National Drug & Chemical Co.

 

 
 

 

  
 
 
 

 

 

 
    
      

  

Fin- |!

 
 

road,

There are about eighty acres.
neighbors of Harry
of

Friends
Longland, cast
ered at his home on Toesday ever:
ing of last week to formally bid them
good-bye befare they moved to their
pew home at Olinda, which was re.

lake front.

and

centiy purchased

Mrs
was

humorous games, after which tables

were

Hume
pleasantly

set, and a

 

KINGSVILLE.

Wm. Malott. Ruthven, has just pur-
chased the farm of Clifford Fox and
his father, on the north side of the

Augusti

£4,590.
oxce,

Percy E.

and will farm It

bus

Kingsville, gath- ;

 

awn.

by Mr. Longzland

chagad, aod Nr.

f Ia pg
of last weel, | oo Irwin avenue.

    

spent. In playing

past

sumptuous chicken |

Paddick, of
accepted a position as manager of
» hardware department for R. M.
Birce, and will move his family to

Detwiler has sold
| bors gathered at the home of Mr. and | ooo" Go mley, who has been en-

¥

TOWN OF ESSEX.

Ariold Thomas has purchased 60
acres from Ell Bauer on the North
Rear Road in Colchester North, for

Possession is to be piven at

Florence,

Reg. Heaton has moved to the Wm.
Purness farm. which he recently pur-
aad
have moved into F. W, Wilson's house

Mrs. Burgess

his bakery

The evening |... 4 us baker for him for some time
Mr. Detwiler will continue the
grocery and coalectionery business in
the same stand as heretofore.

The High Schooi Trustees met on

{ Tnezday evening of last week for or-

to the chickens
Mr. Chisbelm, of Toronto. AssIsi-\ ganization.
ant Chlef Inspector of Public| chairman; Sid. W.

Frid

 

fou

 

  

 

hald duties
last week in her usual healt

suddenly with heart troubl
of fifteen minutes

jnside

  

 

 

 

  

 

 

wit!

r Years ago

went to Toronto t

ait du

 
 

Hows who

mother
pr for a
1 actively
Wedan

 

 

 
 
  
   
  

was in wn on)
Inspector

WwW. H.

te ; C. E

*é committon

Tommi

 

Mr. Chi
Kingsville

 

 

the departure of gt
rson for Toronto
ere - Mr, Chis

  
  
 

years and 3 10 same.

  
 
 
 
 
 

 

    

 

   

Dr. Doyle was '
Richardson,
es Johnston, chairman of supply

{ Naylor.

Ellis Affleck, of Cottam, has

chosen
Johnston, secre-
1reasurer;

chairman

pur-

sed Sam. Jenkins’ house and two
corner of Céntre street and Rus-
treet, In town, for $1,200. and will
Thomas Huggard, who
tiving In same, has moved to the

  
     

THE AMHERSTBURG ECHO.

[TILE

COMPARISON OF HEATING.

The cost of heating an $roomed
house by electricity is given as $357
for the winter season at the rate of
one cent per killowatt-hour, or 0.758
éent per horsepower hour, and the
cost of heating the same house by
anthracite coal, at $90, in Bulletin No.
6 of the Advisory Council for Scientific
and Industrial Research, entitled “The
Heating of Houses, Coal and Electric.
ity Compared.” by A. S. L. Barnes.

” tum Se ——

TWO CONVERSIONS.

   

 

Rev. H. T. Crossley. of Toronto, Is
conducting evangelistic services In
the Methodist church at Thorndale.
During a recent discourse. Mr. Cross-
ley related the stories of the con.
versions of Jock McCoy and Will
Hearst, who were practicing law af
Sault Ste. Mgurie.: when he and Mr.
Hunter were conducting meetings
there over 20 years ago. To-day Jack
McCoy is Judge McCoy and Will
Hearst js Sir William H. Hearst, Pre
mier of Ontario.

i a ee

WIVES SHARE GRATUITY.

 

Married returned soldiers must
share thelr gratuity allowances with
thelr wives or other dependents, at
the rate of $30 a month, The gratuity
allowance per month for single men

Clark farm in Colchester -
py peep will be $70 and for married men $100
: 3 bie pis hy perenased ' a month. The wife's share will have
vidow of 1 “ssex boys returned from |, jor claim on money payable to the
5. been Jast week. Pte Frank la¥-} rp, of $30 5 month. The soldier will
An-law, Mrs : O'Hara and Cecil Thomp-1pe paid °$70 a month as long as there
short time, wa y returned on the steamer Bal- |i" eng payable out of the amount he
engaged In house-| o ‘te. Robert O'Hara enlisted ony granted, and the last month he wii!
esday  mornl ¢| February Srd, 1916, in the Essex pla-|pocajve the balance, whether it is a

    

when | toon of the 99th

 

and died | Ir
1d before | It

      
    
 
 
 

ce

  

 

      

    

 

 

Battaifon, but was
about eleven o'clock she was taken |later transferred to the 54th Battalion.

1 rifle contest in France Pte. O'Hara
I e highest score of any mem-
ber ln the battallop, and as a result

 

full month's pay of $70 or only $10.
But his wife will receive her) full
check for $30 as usual. Separate
checks will be sent to soldiers and

terms

 

 
   
 

of Canada, Limited, Toronto, Ontario. [a doctor could be SUMmImons d. Mrs. their wives or dependents.
U. 8. residents should address Na‘Dru- | FHowe came from Wales with her yas assigned to the Sipe Joslin, i
Co., Inc., 202 Main St, Buffalo, N.Y. 1» | nist Some =e ; Rn Pi ” Jot, 1918, am Three defaulters sent by a Kingston
3 = Ho We Se a Yun sufi jen and was at Valencennies Magistrate (0 the penitentiary for one
Canadw's claims against Germany. [Spe was an exes] 2 when the armistice was signed. Pte. |ZE3F each must spend their'term in
inciluding war expenditure to date, |. o Sing in the Me church | Frank-Taylor, son of A. D. Taylor. en- the Central Prison; as one-year
total over eleven hundred and forty fang Church of vari listed on October 1st, 1915, in the 70th re not admitted ito the pehiten-
million dol re War expenditure |i oo The” fun eld orn Patialion, with whom he went to | a
Sian Fem the begin of the to 1 Saterday France. In September, 1916, he was
& end ) tm .r tak wig ar 3}
he LG of ; I | At the dog case 5. taken apr gone; by the Gernans, and THE UNDERFED
which have sed through the books | fore the Police ) {Tp Foals A prisoCATID: " ——
of the Finance Department. In ad- |’ mh : OLCHESTER NORTH. | How Children of the Ignorant
dition. claims for actual enemy da {hee dip Rr A 4 Elford Arce Robbed of Oatmeal
ages against  Canudl -clalms for | + PAL HIG Sear a ;
I: Eu Asif =] A | magistrate After hearing the evi Frank McBeth was the victim of an
way: |dence his worship decided that Mr accident last Saturday night that
tion | Thorpe was 1p pay $30. the price of} came nearly proving té be a serious | catmeal. Am the ignorant apother cans
| the one sheep found in the well with |one for him. Frank had befh to | vacs shows that not one home in twelve

    
 
 
 
 

    
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

2uto,

and was re-

and | turning to his home hy way of the Sth

when

same {0 swerve,
result that it tyrmed turtle

f the. 6-foot
Frank

LH See {the dog. This was a case where a | Essex in his Ford
Troas.-ofd SEC number of sheep were worrled
Adoni ee killed by dogs, and near the scene concession of Gosfield North,
a ® 1 4¢ the rald next morning were found |the wheel of the auto evidently struck
sec corn tration by 3 Sheep and a dog in an old well. The!a rut, and caused
that a 5 stration b¥ +gog belonged to Roy Thorpe. The with the
Kighly » A owners of the sheep, Ernest Harris | and landen in the bottom
obras wed he quality of § yng Grea ©. Wigle, antered action | ditch on the side of the road.
registerd se in this dis- | manage

  

trict and is very enthusiastic over the
pure seed grain situation, as he finds |
an ever-lucreasing demand for high |
class seed. he having at t present
time inquirie: ym the w for
carloads of reg red seed oats, These
are not to be had In Ontario, and a
quantity ore ‘being brought in
from Prince Edfiward Jsland, which will
mean an extra expense in freight rates
Mr. Newmam left Wednesday on his
way to Chatliam to uttend- the Corn
Show, and them to Toronto, ‘Wirere on
Friday afternoom he addressed a
meeting condusted by the Superinten-
dem of Agrucultural Societies, when
tie arged than ail Societies conducting |
eld Crop Competitions, restrict the |
competition to the use of registered
seed, which would greatly improve
the quality now being grown.

© COUNTY. FAIRS ASSOCIATION.

 
 

  
  

  
 

is the

 

 

The annua] ‘méeting of the represen- |
tatives of thet fairs (n Essex county
was held at the town hall, Essex. on
Monday afternoon, February 10th.
BE&sex County Society was repregented

 

 

Golng to bed Is a slipery perform-)
We first slip but of our clothes. a physician was summoned.
a prayer slips from our lips, or |
perhaps it slips our minds
into bed and slip off to sieep with | but nothing serious.
our heads on the pillow slip.

 

30 | Ne

   

Make The Returning Soldier Welcome i

by Ed. Hanrahan; Harrow by A” Agla }

and S..0. Hood; Leamington, by J.
Scratch, and Comber by E. Hiser and |
4 6G. Hiser. Ambersthurg Society
was not represented.
Minutes of Jast year's meeting were
réad and adopted.
* Moved by E. McPharlin and A. G
‘Hiser, that the Essex County
Association be cintinued for 1919 on
sams basis os far 1018. —Carmrfed
The: dates of the Fairs seleoled
were us follows: Windsor, Sept.” 15th
16 20th; Comber, Sept. 26, 27th; Am-
herstburg, Sept. 20th, 20th; Leaming
ton, October .st, 2nd and 3rd; Harrow.
October. 7th, Sth;%Essex, October 8th,
th, 10th ¥
On motion, the dates seleciéd were
apjroved by the Assoolation
On motion, Jurson Scratch’ way re-
, elastdd President, and R, R. Brett,
Soeretary :
On mcyloneaf Sessrs. Hanrahan and

 

 

  

. E. Hiser, the secretary was appointed
to look alter getting out a joint adver.
tising bill, the cost" to be homme. by

 

the societies on the same bakfs as last
year, and that notice be put onthe
bills. requesting all special cash prizes
to be paid to the Secretary or Treas: |
urer before the daté of the fair.
Moved by Messrs, Agin dnd A. G.
‘Hlser, that the representatives agree
for their societies 10 post up the bills
for the different societies sent them
in their district’ without cost; that
each Society advertise the dates, ol
Y theoother fairs in their prize lists, and
that the secretaries exchange a list ‘of
thofs exhibiting members with the
other secretarfes of the association. —
Meeting adjourned to call of the

President.

 

child or friend, who Is suffering
from cczema, or other skin disease,
or an obstinate sore that has defied
medical treatment? If sc, taat ls
1 case for Zam-Buk.

Mrs. B. Ellis, of Castleton, Ont,
writes: “My husband suffered in-
ith a running sore on his
foot. The .soro penetrated to
bone, and the inflammation was 80
bad that he could not sleep at
nights. After spending u lot of
momcy end tmying covery remedy wo
Jieard of, with no result, 1 read of
a coro which Zam-Buk bad effected
4n a almilar case, and got a box.

5 “Within two Liours after the first

snplication tle pain was “eased;
and witlr persoverance the taflam-
“uation was drawn out, the swell-
vo dap reduced; and before long
fare was entiroly healed.”
“vpr-Dok also cvres ulcers, abs-

ig, cold sores, chapped hands
4 chilblains. >

Fairs |

“uuoa, ‘eczemn, poisoned wounds, |

} for $1.25, at all drug- |

© HAVEYQUA |
HUSBAND

againgl Thorpe for the

eee

last

enire

t3 extricate himself from un-

| derneath same and make. itis way to

 

Then we

{ badly damaged.

"THIS is. an important hour for Canada.

a neighbor's, where he was given at-
tention, and taken to his home when

Frank's

face was severely scratched, and he
suffered several briuses on the body,

The auto was

nation is entering on a new era.

from war to

i

 

ren RTow up incapa-
ble because bod d brains are starved,

Nature storss in oats more energy food,
wd, more nerve food than in
grows. That's why
There 1sinothingy

serves oats. The ct

 

 

 

more brain {
any other grain t
children crave
to take its place, z

This is a food on which ‘it doesn't pay; to
be careless. Te a very wide difler.
ence in oat foods—a difference in richness
and food value.
kind.

Only the. ri
used 13 Quak:

 

tmed.

 

   
 

 

 

Don't serve'tle common

 
  

st, plumpest grains are
r Oats, They are selected
3 62 siftings. Only ten pounds are obtain:
ed from a bushel. The result is a {pod rich
in all the oat ¢lcments—the utmost in oat-
meal.~ Yet the cost to you is but one-half
cent per dish. ~
Afede in Cacada

  

The

It is passing

peace. Let us start this new era right.

There are thousands of soldiers returning from over-

seas.

_The Government is doin
get these men back to civil life.

g all in its. power to

It is giving a War Service Gratuity—more than
any ‘other nation—to keep the soldier going till he

gets a job.
It

impaired by his service.

gives ‘him a pension—where shis usefulness is .

oe

It teaches a man a new trade when his service
unfits him for his former trade. |

‘ . . ¥ ye -
It gives him free medical treatment when

ill-

ness recdrs, and supplies free artificial limbs and

surgical appliances.

It is bringing back to Canada at the
expense the soldiers’ dependents now overseas.

But the Government, how-
ever willing, cannot provide
the ‘personal touch ‘needed'in
this work of repatriation.
That must be given bythe
people themselves.

The men who went from
these parts to fight in Fland-
ers deserve a real welcome
home —the best we can give.

In most towns committees

of citizens have already been
“organized to meet the soldiers
and their dependents ‘at the
station, to provide hot meals,

supply autoniobiles, “afford”

temporary accommodation .

when necessary. Thad.

"In addition, many other
towns are organizing social
gatherings to give public wel-
come to returned men after
they. have been home a

3 few days.

  

 
 

public

After he hase rested; the
soldier must be provided with

You think prices of Tile are

It
A ¢anrzss made amos the intelligent
shows that scven homes in eight serve
* and remember that every year you wait you lose half and perhaps the whole cost, of

Awo years behind in the march of progressand be-ouf the joy and satisfaction of work-

Bonds or Municipal Debentdres, is 2 "Farin Draigde Machine.”

an opportunity for employ-
ment, If towns of 10,000
population, Public. Employ-
ment Offices have been estab-
lished to help soldiers, as well
as war-workers, secure good
jobs quickly.. Where’ these
exist, citizens should co-oper-
ate, Where they do not exist,
the citizens themselves should
help put the soldier in‘touch
with employment.

- = * *  %

b :

The fighting job is done.” Tt
has cost many a heart-burn-
ing. But it has been’ well
done. The least we can do

is to show our appreciation °

in no uncertain manner,

Don’t let the welcome die
away with the cheers. 5

Sa

 

Eh

   
  

    
      
  
 

  
  
 

  

    
      
 
 
  

   
    

—————————

TOUR

You know that underdrainage pays.
high. You

guess prices of Tile will come down.

py mostly unskilled labor, which was alwayg

Atteution!—First. Tile are made
ass of labor will never go back to pre.

underpai' before the war, and wages of this cl ;
war basi; .Second. Cheap fuel is done in this part of the country. Wood is gone,

Gas is now being conserved. for domestic PUrPOSES. and we must import coal op
which the freight costs more than the coal. Now, the cost of fuel and labor reguiate

the price of Drain Tile, What is the asswer? Will miners stand for a cut in wages?
(coal). Will railroad men stand for a cut in wages? (freight rates). Is not common

labor entitled to a higher standart

 

 

| of livizg than in ihe pre-war days?

vw. and Kent than in Ohio and Indiana, the
*nd they get coal at half the price

 

Tile is 20 per cent. cheaper in E
centre of the Drain Tile industry of United states
that we pay, in fact some tile makers have their own coal.

Tile Drainage in Essex and Kent cests only 30 ver cent. niore now than before the
war, in fact only 30 per cent. nore now than it did 25 years ago. Yet labor has gone
up 500 per cent. and fuel has gone up 1500 per cent in the last 25 years. Farm pro-
duce, wheat, oats, corn, beef, pork, eggs, etc., have gene up 400 to 1000 per cent. in the

same length of time.

Tile makers have been patriotic. When everything else was doubling in price we
held our prices down although we were months behind in orders. We were offered
amore money for tile, but we filled our orders in rotation. We were getting cheap gas
to burn-out tile, and" the farmer got the benefit, not us. i

, -

The cost of-tile making has more, than doubled since 1914, yet underdrainagé only
costs 30 per cent. more. Underdrainage was Never cheaper and will be more expens-
ive when stocks of Tile now on hand, that were burned with natural gas, are gone,
We have only enough tile to underdrain a dozen farms that we will sell at present
prices and these must be ordered for delivery before July Ist, 1819, The tile are going

CO
eas

i ———— A ————. —
out steadily, and orders for carload shipments arescoming in. Nearly a train load of t

tile left this district last month for the Hamilton district, and the purchasers paid
$12.00 a M. freight on 4" Tile 7

 

We want to-improve Essex and Kent, but we cannot turn down orders if we have
tile to sell. You-knol what it means.not to -he able to get tile in this section in
spite of the fact that most of the tile made in Ontario are made within a radius of Til-
bury, in fact the Tilbury Brick/& Tile Co., accordin ; to the JaSt official reports, made
and sold 20 per cent. of all Tile made in the Province in. 1916-17, and there are
about 150 plants in Ontario.

Don’t cut off your nose to spite your face. Your neighbor perhaps got his tile

cheaper than you can buy them now, but just give him credit for being fortunate. 3
or 4 bushels of wheat to the acre on one crop will bay the increased cost of drainage,

|

underdraining your farm whether it is big or little. If you wait a year.or two and then"
get your tile and tiling for nothing you will be nothing ahead, instead you will be.

Sireslestasfertectostictectectertestartentectoctents

ing underdrained, “loose as ashes” soil

: It it paid to underdrain land when it was worth 10 or 15 dollars an acre, surely
it «will pay“now, especially as underdrainage costs only about 30 per cent. moge to-
day than 25 years agp. Tile makers have been abl¥1o rold-the price down by keeping

“up to date, ‘installing labor saving machinery; fuel ;aving devices, ete. The progress 4
ive farmer to;day must likewise use modern methods, modern machinery and one of
“i » 3 na
the first machines he should buy, one that is always” worth 100 cents on the dollar,
never wi C i 3 equires ahsg i :
rs out, Sst fothing to operate, requires absolutely no attention, runs night
and.day and pays a dividend 6 to 10:times bigger than an investment in Government G
> - u

ahs | Ma

4 Adarm Drainage Machine installed on your farm will insure ‘double production Me
* One‘huncred acres of tiled land will produce twice as much on the av ip ” 200 Me
acres of untiled land with actually less labor, less machifiery legs: A i He
horses; fer’ taxes, ete. Why does a tiled farm not sell for twice as 1 . or :
tiled farm? Because tile are too cheap, They ars so chea JUTE 35.50 uh | Sol
Irvin. : § p you do not appreciate
If the prices of farm produce come down You +i ave : stay
up you win.a"bigger stake, the progressive a ik = elle ——
The non-progressive man is trying to make Ty on

   

amare ———cn ioney by squeezing the working man ON
down and by sticking to antiquated methods inste .o af ;

; J g 04s Inste . of adopting. mo
whereby articles of necessity and foods can be produced ii Ee :

the standard of living for the working asses and reducing their hours of labor.

Underdrainage makes possible the most affie cep
: pos the st ellicient use of tractors. L
the boys on the farm. He is tired of unnecessary mud and water! He is re ;
and trenches. He refuses fo bump over furrows and flat ditches any longer. He dott

want to. and won't, be a clod hopper. He will }
Ee " 10+ ever and sho a
in his calling if modern methods are employed on the farm mig take every ie

i

SS man is continually advancing, |

: ere compsiled to If same
ditions a> your parents and their parents you wou'a think ms nicer :
3 ¢ verty str \

Unless you keep up to date you are goin y |
\ g backward bapgye '
neighbors are leaving you behind. ome the orld apd’ yo

=

 

  

WF

  

The standard of living for the Farmer and busines
why not for the working man? If you w

     
      
        
            
 
 
   
  

ofonfecfesfecfsstectestenfestacfestonfestorfestecfestenfectenfertnfe fo

Your neighbors have tiled farms automobile: { ——
es, m arm oF
houses ard farm buildings, modern conveniences int Gg 1a hineryie goo

3 he h +
They now want and will get good roads for which Anion Lp even in y
not pay you will have to get out of business. That's plain "Engl °F If you ean-i
of the world. § nghish, hut jt is the way

Do uot forget the experience of the la
Xpe * last few years, Wa n
ter and way have a late spring. You still have time to have Pane He ane
fore seeding. Now is the time to get your tile home for fal] Yetsield bo ;
done and It's worth something to have the tile w iy

ie he -
it Is to wish you had them, —T0 want them. you know

   
    
      

      
 
  
  
   
  

14 | Fr

 
