  
 
     
     

     
 
 
   

     
  

i

COMES TO

 

N
% a
4 2 unanimously nominated by, the Glen- ints Week with relatives an
% 3 . garry Liberals, but at his request, | this township. 3 " :
§ Each day finds this store more ready to supply your needs vonveyed In a letter, the nomination The Referendum Committee has filed b BL was shot, aud kinoy 1. R. E. Clemens. Principal, Canada Business College, Hamilton, Ont,
22 and from a host of dependable things we mention these: was allowed to stand. y app Retro amis to the vou {BY JON AUCH Yoon’ annoying tor 2. D. P. Ferguson, Princ Bucgess Business. College, Winniper, Ma
pi ; x At a Farmers convention in Chat: ers |jst in Malden. ea He 3 J. A. McDonald, Vice-Principal, angday, Business College, Chatham,
1 ham, last week, Hugh McPhall, of Tip Misses Mildred and EXAC a Harold Brown, ‘eighteen years of Ont. . )
VF Fall Milline Sweaters for Dutton, wanted to know If anyone ois are spehding two weeks In Detroit age, a bank teller at Mallorytown, 4 J OC. wo Principal, Penmanship Department, Success Business Col
a ry | was aware how many politicians and the border cities \d to her | was drowned while bathing at lege, Winnipeg, Man. Wer. C f
3 members of Parliament were interest- Miss tina Marontate returned to Her jo i, Loo 5. S. H. Sutor, Commercial Teacher, Canada Business Collage, Of
3 3 Every person is eager for a My Lady ed in cold storage plants Skin nd home on Supday last after gpending ORAL ri Nlion-doliar silk cargo ham, Ont. for.
¢ ot Hat for the mew Season Jo [ons or 87 per ds a EE last Week iy Windsor oR Suid nos. was brought 6. H.A. Lutes, Commercial Teacher, Springfield, Mass.
i * oe NEW at for the . Sweaters in July ara fine, but De ia 5; Rimi, n ion he Miss Ina Atkin, who has been spend- renk oe M er a de 7. W. C. Wallace, Commercial Teacher, New York City, New York
= : and with the many assembled ) hr bade grin Cole of Nathan ing the week with her parents, return: from , gs 4. W. E. McNaughton, late Commercial Teacher, Canada lien Gol
4 + here every - taste and every jn September they ° become The other go-called ropregenintives ed fo (he city Sunday evening { soy Buck ‘and Herbert Miller, lege, Chatham, now with International Harvester Co., Winnipeg, Man, ;
i 8 pocket book can be satisfied = were “bolled-shirt” men of ng use to ity Violet Beaudoin, of Agdepton [ndlans, were killed while threshing 9. 'G. A. Barker, late Commercial Teacher, Ingersoll Collegiate Institute
a Hspecially attractive Velvet much more useful. _ We have ex anyone. Mrs. frame Beandoln he od "lon William Crawford's farm, Six Na- Tngorepl}, On). McCoig, Shorthand Teacher, Winona, Wis :
: = i Mrs. In, lak RC, 2  RABSETV . McColg, cher, ’ i
3 Hats will claim your attention ready for your selection a ofl The rumor to the effect that the Mr, and Mrs. Peter Hutchins, of Mer. tons Ree of bricklayers and masons 11. Jean Love, Teacher of Shorthand, Buffalo, New York.
1 and the prices are not a bit os | canadian army pay 18 to be increased [re have bean spending a week with} CIC Slo TA : 12 W. S. Bell. Commercial Teacher, Waonsocket, Rhode Island
i 3 oo their nephew, Maurice Hutchins. was averted at Winnipeg by the men Shorthand, G T. R. B a,
what could be considered piek: worry display of, the’ newest ey Fd J Rs is Hot Well |" Rev I Ww. Reld BA. of Amherst- | accepting an increase of 20 cents an 13. Bessie Dobson, Teacher of Shorthand, . R. Business College, Bd.
onnded. It Is stated at Ottawa that ye. L, W. Reid, Ba, 02 A holr wage monton, Alta. \
Bwsators, [Some In Shy, oye: I the pay of the permanent force wil, 2 IIT Rr at 13 bhi a - effort 14. A. L. Rendall, late Principal Orangeville Business College.
Umbrellas 3 i Sato about the same gs the mounted police Maldon next Sunday evening, AUBUSL| HOS CTiobacco on a commercial 15 A. W. Hudson, Commercial Teacher, Success Business College, Win.
styles, others in. great c 2 ~ about $2.50 a day—but this will in- |" . \ 1 1s be. | uipeg. Man 3
lode : f| The Ladlest Guild of St. Albun's | scale. The proposition now is be yA. ¥ ,
In the early Fall one must fects with wide flowing Hil fads rations sud Barrack, ae geaple church will meet at - Mrs. Willlam tore the Board-of Agriculture, whors SAE E. Logan, Assistant Principal, Success Business College, Winn).
o, | tion. 4 v ar- pres Xia ve Io ae : si i v y .
expect showers and here in @ and belts and deep pockets. 4 racks will get about $1.70. Nothing French 5 Wedyasdn? afternoon, Sept: spris wusljorstion te, LY gyn 17. H. C. Duflus, Principal Duffus Business College, Vancouver, B.C,
vast showing are the right sort 3. |goiinite yet. however, has been de: a a) ) 3 3 cear wlll see several hundred acres 18. P. J. Duffus, late Commercial Teacher, Goit Business College, Niagara
3 al OB The colorings are aljuring, yet cided. Mr. andxMrs. Ben. Burke and Mr A i ke Falls, New York 7
of Umbrellas for real protec Lg — and Mrs. Ellis Maroutate d babe, of | Of tobacco grown, with the Govern En TH. A derson, late Commercial Teacher, Canadn Business College,
tion. At $1.50 to $9 are as fine the prices are most reasonable. *i*| Premier Hearst, speaking at a Con- | Detroft, spent. Sunday last at T. A.{ment watching and encouraging the| 28 ©: © 2 : . y : *59. College.
3 v i 2 3 ; cultivation Chatham, now in Department of Interior, Ottawa,
gervative gathering in Brantford Sat-|Marontates. the ‘Burk Br ery 90. G. H. Ross, Commercial Teacher, Brandon College, Brandon, Man.
Miss Ellen Marontate, of the "Burg A site hus been gecured at Goderich For particulars, call, phone or write :

Umbrellas as ‘you could

for

I
3
:
+
i
¥
i
JS
:

9-11-18 Sandwic

The

10th AN

On Tuesday. August 26
FUL BUSINESS in Windso

 

  
  
   
  
 
  
     
  
  
  
   

 
  
 
   

 
 
 

  
   
  
   

   
 
  
   
  
   
   
   
 
  
   
   
   

RS!

 

Select
of Persian

    
  
 
     

      
 
 
 
 
 

el

GLADDEN YOU HERE

Durable tops that are fin-
jshed with attractive handles,

 

complete, and the earliest date upon
which the referendum would be taken [has been visiting for the past two
was October 1st, but that it would not week with her aunts, Mrs. H. E. Tay-
oy be’later than October 22nd... William lor and Mrs. Hilton Mickle. | 4
LET. Clysdale, Conservative organizer in For Sale—One of the best farms
9 Essex county, seems to possess more in Malden township, situated on the |
| Pike road, whl improved. A bargain

3 WINDSOR
FAIRER RRR E22

51 Ouellette Avenue, Windsor, Ont.

McAllum School

OPEN ALL THE YEAR—ENTER ANY TIME. °

OUR NEW METHODS — INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION

IN ACCOUNTANCY— SHORTHAND — TYPEWRITING
PRODUCES GREATER EFFICIENCY AND SAVES TIME.

You do n:t have to wait—Neither
GREGG SHORTHAND—DETROIT'S FAVORITE.

Pittman Shorthand for High School Students.

At Summ

+ Now is the time to order yout

3 25 to 40 per: cent. by going direct to the manufacturer. Souvere > 18 select 3 candidate to op Share are Bn

: - nsonneau! nte! wi
the Ontario Legislature for the Wind re ocutt ote a,

from our stock of
Lamb, Hudson Seal, Alaska

and FOXES in all
will secure same, and [
FREE OF CHARGE.

Friday, Augus'

No. 1, per bbl....oo..r FL

of Canada

 

  
   
 

Public Service of Rallways

The railways of Canada carried 60,
787.294 passengers and 127,643,687 tons |
of freight in 1918, according to statis
tics compiled by the pepartment of

Rallways and Canals.
-—

  
  

—
e, 0

Stanley lgramte, of
Sunday WIY friends In Malden.
Miss Flos Countess, of Windsor.

visited her mother, Sunday.
of

THE ECHO Detroit, spent
ublls y
THE ECHO PRINTING CO., Limited

    
  
 
  

    
 

  
  
  
     

 

Sandwich,

 

 

 

   
  

 

 
 

Cets Ready to Depart =" " ein SR Br Lacs
Presiden ~Treas. | spent Sundiy at the pATEONAR?
Y ———— a hiss Kats Atkin and brother Mayr ANDERDON. i
s In e {helr parents over x t{en Is spending the
Een oy LEER PRR BGA J tt Det by
era al ol Suit Tor. 8 | pi” amet BAFh's for their corn | WeRCRID OH. A. Wright will preach.
NEW AUTUMN MERCHANDISE national convention. He has been out os Huffman, of Windsor. visited | Im Trinity church on Sunday after
of the limelight for quite a while and | with hee bol pr Maurice Sellars, noon, at | pn
Mrs. Philip Surrette was fatally alow we give the n

evidently begins to feel lonascme. over Sunday.

Hon. W. i. Mackenzie King was Lewis Harris, of Windsor. 18 visiting ;
h. %ored by an ox she found in her gar
d trisnde ia ten, near Yarmouth; N.S. Principal of this

  

 

 
 

 

urday, declared {t was not yat possible
to fix the date for the referendum on
prohibition. He says the preparation
of the voters lists was till far from

Tuesday af |v the Lake Huron Steel Corporation,
which promises to spend more than
: 3 $8,000,000 In the next two years in
of Colchester | agigblishing its plant.

wish

Slip over styles at $3 ups and
me on

returned to her ho
ys with’ her slg.

ter spending a few
ter, Mrs, Oliver Der
Miss Myria Gou

Phone 928

   
     
 

the coats begin at $6.50.

   
 

ly

  

inside information than the Premier,
has , if sold at once, Apply

r| Hough, Amherstburg.
Corn cutting is in progress. Nor:

man Atkin filled his silo on Tuesday
with corn cut just 93 days from day of

as he states the date for the vote Franklin A.
bean set for Wednesday, Octobe
15th, and further that the Provincial

| elections will be held on the same day.
S A —————————— 4

h St. East and 16 Ouellette Ave.

wrest festeferfeferioentesriefeieob

 

A conyention of the Conservatives planting. It i8 fully matured and in

of South Essex is announced to be excellent condition for cutting down.

- | held it Kingsville on Thursday, Sep- Mrs, -Jullen Deslippe a witly re-
tember 4th, and if the attendance of ceived a cheque for $808.11 from

  
   

C.M.B.A., Amherstburg, be-
old by her late hus-
rnal sogjety. She is
spending some time with her daugh-
ter, Mrs. S; Beaudoin, Anderdon.

Mrs. Herbert A. Mickle and family
of Detroit, have returned home from
a flve weeks’ summer outing at Port-
age River, Lake Superior, where Mr.
Mickle has been engaged on the U. S.
lighthouse tender Aspen during the
construction of two new light stations
in that vicinity. They report plenty of
fishing and berries galore. The trip
was made via the Anchor line.

John McGee, of Leamington, near-
ly had his eareer ended by a west-
bound Pere Marquette freight traia,
last week. He was driving his auto:
mobile slowly . northward 2% miles
enst of Leamington, when a cut hia
his view of the approaching «rain. Hc
had reached the track and put op all
the speed possible, but not quickly
enough to prevent fe front of the en-
gine from striking the rear wheel of
his car, When he saw that- his car
was going to turm turtle he jumped,
and something struck him over the
right eye, cutting a gash that had to
be sewed up. His car was badly
wrecked and will have to be refitted
with a new body. Mr| McGee claims
that- he has five witnesses to prove
that the train did not whistle, He will
pat in a claim fior damages.

Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Dube are

Branch 2,
ing the insurance
band ip that frate

Hon. William Hearst can “be secured
the faithful will be asembled at a plc-
nic in Seacliff Park, Leamington, on
Thursday, September 11th. The Leam:- |
ington Post” in discussing the matter
says: “A new momination is made
necessary owing to the res'znation of
W. A. McCormick, of Amuarsthurs,
who was previously nominated but
cannot see his way clear to stand.
Factions are already busy canvassing
for- their favorites. among the names
put forward being those of Dr. Doyle,
of Essex, and Lawyer Smith, of Kings-
ville. ‘The farmers are also busy aud
Milton Fox, a prominent farmer of
Gosfield South, Is spoken of gs-alikely

standard bearer.”
i —————

Hon. N. W. Rowell, the Minister
who will be in charge of the new Fed:
eral Department of Public Health for
which \provision was made_in a bill
passed by Parliament at the last ses-
alon, stated on Saturday that good pro-
gress Is being made in connection with
the organization of the mew depart
ment. The first step in connection
with the bringing of the department
into existence will be the taking over
of the various departments up to the
present time under the control of
various ministers as provided for by
the, act. ~The Federal Health Depart
ment has already taken over the de-
partment of quarantine, formerly ad-
‘ministered by the Department of Agri-

 

 

   
   

 

  
 

ONCE MORE this great selling event has

made many folks happy. Men, Young’

Men and Boys have again been convinced
OFF SALES are an

   
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
   
 
   
   

do you have to worry to catch up. ; :
that the Boug
event that is worth taking advantage of.

This present sale that ends this coming

‘Saturday has been our, greatest, not in
We

NIVERSARY 10th

brate our TENTH year of SUCCBESS-
{sh to thank our clients for their pat-
THIS 1S OUR BANNER YEAR and

th, we cele .
profit, but in volume of business.

r-and we W
have. told you again and again about the

 

suff-

 
  
  
  
 

    
   
     
   
   
   
   
 

  
  
  
     
   
 
   
  
   

     
    
 
   
  
 
    

 

 

   
 
 
  
  
   

  
   
  
   
  
 
  
  
 

   
      
   
  
  
  
  
  
    

  
 
   
   
   

ronage during these ten BUSY years.
wea are increasing our staff and equipment, NO OTHER SCHOOL IN CAN-} iture A reRently undes. the | orig f 3 he
5 ion RTS eh ; UIE ; 2 d . the | erfrg from injuries sustained in a run: : ; 3 ;
ADA GAN, SHOW OUR RESULAS. ACTION—not talk; RESULTS, not {contral of the Department of Tmmi cay which, owcurred Friday evening. 38 higher prices of the new incoming, cloth-
promises, is our matto. = grytion igs iedikai Brush of 2h Mrs. Dube was returning” aftér spend: ial : :
; : amigration service and the ac minis- | the day in: towm, {rom (fo home of i a i
“ Friddy's Notes:—Placed Miss Adams in Detroit at $70.00 monthly; Miss | tration of the adulteration of foods | Henry Yoaquette, when rac horse be: | ing and again we <all your attention to
dt Erb in Detfolt at §60.00-monthly; Burns Odette in Detroit at $80.00 monthly; act and. the proprietory and patent |came frightened ct a car and ran |g. the fact that now and u : z
= ; ntil th
Miss Fleming with the England Realty Co, at $00.00 monthly;\ Miss Kay with Lt htt nd Agnfinjsered i galing pia we 3 : t an til t e closing of
= EE £ a " 1 Le ). 2 ha - om the Y x x
tie Essex Provision Co.; Miss Ellis with the Union Trust Co, Detroit. On | Commerce,- These changes include SP ort to _stop the animal; but was 3 the store Saturday night you can buy
Flle:—Four girls for local banks, Customs stenographer, Bookkeeper-Commis- ginstranaten ey ot {hese de-|thrown down amd run bycr. MrS. |-ofe tab tothi .
: 8 . two stenographers for Real Estate Offices, Bookkee 4 for | partments to tie ealth Department. ! Dube’ in her emdeavor to bring the reliable clothing at 1 OFF PRICES:
‘ S108 Honsé#, TWo sienograp i » Dr. Amyot, tire Deputy i Minister of | horse toed standstill turned too sharp 3 E a Sa
Furniture Co. 1 Health, is now taking up with the’ into Ernest Paquette’ yard. and ;the [4 ia
ait health authorities of the Province the | buggy was overturned at the gate and eo :
OUR GRADUATES OF TEN YEARS: Bank Managers. Lawyers, Chiet plan. for eoOpergLye action of go she whs thrown ont against tke fance, | of
: M ; . MEN OF BIG atting venerea geases and other | where she badly wrenched lier spine.
py Acesuniuhis Business Managers, Commercial Men: Auditors — TE matters affecting the health of the | Though tiey mre both sufferiny {rom of
BUSINESS und LARGE SALARIES, - MEN OF ACTION— 2 Deople generally, Mr. Rowell Inti-|theyeffects of thie accident they ave
ATHEM, IT'S the place for YOU, mated that in the course of a short | making ‘god progress townrds recov-
: k EE progr
Bima he Plans if the & {opartmop! ery. Mrs. Dube’s” mother. Mrs. Alex. al
ig : 5 wou e sufficiently advanced to per- Hamel, is siking care of tlrem.
: Write for particulars, and ‘get started at an early date. L mit of a definite announcement as to| George Lazarus, who had beer very +
3 - - 5 its policy and proposed" activities. poorly for some ime and bed-ridden :
a WINDSOR. for. the pust ghree montus; passed
i n— away at his home on the townline
= . arly Fridesy morning. AM: hazarus
h SPR O. . ” L UM Driven from their stund mear the £
Phone 1354. P..O. Box 58 Ey: L S. McA L y ferry dock Wednesday night by orders was a sufferer from Caner: He wos ,
; SB x Accountant. | of the police commission, Wi r taxi | POTD At Grosse Isle and’ was® IDAr-
Windsor, Ontario. Ew BARE Teo owners promptly - withdrew their ma- ried some thirtydwo years ago fo]
- leaving the Miss Maggie Arquette, and she to-
Leo, at home, and

chines from the streets,
city, without taxi service.

Appointment of Dr. J. G. Ruther-
ford as commissioner to: investigate
racing in the Dominion is approved by
officials of the Windsor Jockey Club.
Dr: Ratherford’s appointment makes
resumption of racing next season cor-
tain, the officials believe, with perhaps
the number of, tracks in the Windsor

district reduced by one.
When the Conservatives of Windaor

gether witir 3 sOR
a daughter, Pearh of Windaar, survive.
Besides these he leaves LWO brothers,
John, of Windsor, and Joseph. of Sand-
wich. and a sister, of Detroft. There
are also two gramdchildrem. Two sift
tors. Mrs, Adams and Mrs Garrison.
died in Detroit since ) ¢

“by afl who knew

was highly respected
him and,the faneral Monday morning

was largely attended. Services were
conducted St. Clement's R. :C.

     
    
   
  
  

     
    
 
 
 
 
    
  
  
  
  

  
          
  
   
  

 

     
     
  
     
 
  
 
  
   
      
    
   
    
 
  
 
   

  

   

    
  
   
 

 
  

er Prices at FONTAINE'S
FURS and SAVE from

  

     

   
 
    
  
 
 
 
  

  
 
   
   

    

    

being: James Charette; Pat. Coyle.
Chas. Durham, Thomas: Tourangesny

and Dan L. Pouget.

| sor electoral district, the name of Rev.
Arthur Carlisle, of A.. Saints’

 

   

 

SUPERFINE collection
Sable, Mink,

the different shades. | A deposit
d put in_ storage until wanted,

  
 
 
 

memhers of the executive.

of Rev. Mr. Carlisle, who served more
than two years in France as chaplain
of the Highteenth Battaliom, will, it 18
argued. stifie objection that may be
raised st the convention against oOp-|p
posing Major Tolmie, because of his
‘long service at. the front. , Younger
Tories, however, are standing by Wm.
R. Woollatt, jr., of Walkervile.

Voters” fats for Walkerville and

 

  
  
   

  

 
 

   
   

 

  
 
  
 
  
    

 

For Sate—Omne of the best farms |¥
in Malden township, situated om the | °F
Pike road, well improved. A bargain
it sold at ance. Apply Frankiin: A.
Hough, Amherstburg:

  
      
    
 

  
  
 

 

    
  

 
 
 
 
 

  
   
 
 
  

 
  

  
    

        

 

Fis Estimates Cheerfully Given. ? Sandwieh for the
n x prohibition referen- Ambersthi
Sealskin, Mink and Persian Lamb our specialty. dum posted on Monday &how approx: UTH
Same ny {mately’ 1,000 names .. The GOSFIELD 80 ]
87 1 NT AINE 8 list contains 16,800 quatified voters for rere
i ; East Pitt St. the city of Windsor alone. Chauncey | my. rane fri A of Mrs. Chiatles
wrong M. Bennett, enumerator, expluins that | op of Gourieineter, Sask.. formerly

»| the shortage sis duc partinily to the

| efforts of. both prohibition and “wet”
workers, who in making a canvass of
‘the various municipalities have peen

s Rose Lawson, of this piace, were
grieved to hear of her death on Aug-
ust 22nd. —The @Genuyvresu-Sanford re-
unfon was held“on Thursdny at Kings-|

   
    

MANUFACTURER

ES

  

     

 

bi
~

   

     
 

GUELPH HAS HANGING = raiste eir.ri
ie AIG EARS ee it asserting thelr Flebl Helen. Lott 15 spend:
20th, 1919 : | they had been registered and.declin

Mcinl enumerator when

The great number of per-
“vacations is also another
omitted names.

that frequently

0 guol
aim

block and find nine-

refus-

86°
1 af | March. ‘The ¢ A

rime fol
general is making a. splen

156 and it was he the atin, id i
Go |ing to pro man ro El .
Dutki ree times. The con- One fleld deserving special mention 13!
13 was shot threo if that of Jasper Toflemire. Which is Io
one of the aver sson.—Miss Jean

|demned man cols) on the scaffold
pd had to "mpgs th

2
E to har howe in

Scott has rnd

in Business Colleges or

Osterhout Block. 19-21 Pit

OUR HONOR ROLL

H

“

wh wih y x
IF YOU ARE KEEN TO SAVE REAL MONEY YOU WILL BE AT THE
STORE BEFORE THE WEEK ENDS—You can lay in a supply of wear-
Jes of superior quality at prices you will never have. the opportunity :

of taking advantage of again for several years and maybe never.

out a list of what you need now and for Inter on wear and come pre-

> pared to save. nN : :

IN THE SHOWING ARE PANTS—SUITS FOR MEN EXCEPT =
BLUE AND BLACK_HATS—CAPS—SHIRTS—SOCKS—UN: ;
DERWEAR—BELTS—SUITS FOR BOYS—TOP COATS—BAIN
COATS; ETC. On every dollar you spend this work you save ts
this week.

-

twenty-five é¢ents. Think It over and come

SATURD:

ames of students who took their cou
School and who are now teaching or who kia or Yue
)

 

    
  
 
 
 
    
     
     
     
       
        
 
     
     
      
     
      
    
       
      
  
  
   
     
  
   
    
  
 
  
  
    
 
  
  
 
 
  
    
   
     
    
     
   
 

st. E,
WINDSOR ~ ONT.

igh Schools:

J. E. CAUSGROVE,
Principal.

AS AN EXAMPLE, suppose Mr. Man you
buy a regular $40 suit for yourself TOW,
the savings will be a ten dollar bill, and
the new price will be about $60, SO you
can instantly see the advisability of: com-
‘ing this week for that suit. 3 After all the .
busy selling of the past few in you
will still witness a splendid assortment
of clothing} and just remember that fu-

—

ture clothing will not be a bit better, pos-
sibly not so good as the ones we are
‘showing now, yet the prices will be 8 _ 3
great deal higher. a &

.

Make

     
   
  
 
    
       
 
    
   

 

 

  
 
  
 
   
   
   
  
  

        
  
   
     
 
 
  

   
      

 

.

a a a Cl

    
  
 

   
  
  
