  
 
 
   
   
     
    
 
  
   

   
   
   

 

  
 
  
 

 
   
  
 
 

 

 
  
   
 

 
         
    
      
      
  
   
 
 
  

  

 
  
   
 

     
       
    
       
     
    

   
    
  
  
 
   
  
     
      
    
      
    
   
      
 
 
  
     
  

 

to the capital invested Er S————
Ka i hhr oan cago + CODA rove dorved
bh). uy ¢) To ma i : 8 2 ‘ : mount - rr 4
By Law N 0. Teoh op ke 10 Sgresujénit or arrangement with, and to grant no bonus, ’ Ah pg Hd Fn ei as am m—
’ . without the. written consent of ths other railway or transportation company k qued by respective |, Christian Johnson,
uthorize a d ; of the Commission; \ Mi / trolt for an fon
A BY-LAW to a @rtaln agreement made betw (d) To keep, observ a ’ a 3 \ ~ : . unicipalities for de- hi
ic Power Commission of Ontario and th etween The Hydro.Elec-' tions set forth | @ and perform the covenants, provisos and condl- ‘= posit with the Com. | hos returned home.
tr r Amherstburg and py the Municipal Corporation of the performe Fie bh a this agreement intended to be. kept and observed and NAME OF MUNICIPAL | misafon under | Bicely. “x ¥
Town © band othe® Municipal Corporations, for the con. U0CUMCNts and to pass sack by hg 0, CXCCUte such further or other CORPORATION, ™ © “Clause 2 tb) Capt. A. P, McKenzie,
struction, acquilition, efuipment and operation of an El | nlssion for the ps8 such bylaws as may bo requested by the Com- sowRSIP Of Sandwich Bust................. snewun save JEONSSS yy LOIPlOYGd: at: farming by
or “The Hydro-Electic Railway A 9 an Electric Railway pngren or the purpose of fully- effectuating the objects and Intent of thi Township of Sandwich West, ,... : 251 "670 llamas the past season, mov:
un d ' y Act, 1914" and amendments thereto. | ne AE \ Of M8 ownehip of Anderdon......... a 143,686 nesday with his family fo Ton
whereas it 18 expedient that the Corporation of the Tow ! lines of the urnlsh a free right of way for the rallway and for the power Lo¥n of Ford City..... ernie 64,682 whdre they will reside,  *
d other Municipal Corporésions should enter int e Town of Amherstburg ' Ga i 16 Commission over any property of the corporations u Ll Town of Walkerville, . "200940 |. Mrs. James Scratch las
and OF loctrio Rallway Act, 1944: way Sater inte an agreement under “The 10 requested by the Commission, and to execute such conve pe the ns Town of Bandwich. ll 262.178 home from Detroit after sper
Electric power Commission of Ontar's ES thereto, with the Hydro. ST With regard thereto as may be desired by the I Town qf Ofibway...... . hd 44.516 past month with her di r
or the construction, acquisition, equipment and called the Commission, |, + t shall be dawrul and the Commission is hereby authorized t ta Towm=of Amherstburg. .......... 1126,867 Cowler, who was seriously
Jor 100 in and through the Municpality st in operation of ‘an Electric r Sass to be created an issue of bonds, and to sell or dispose of pt Cremtd ov or Windsor... . hs . 146,132 pneamonia. y
Rallway 1e Town of Amherstburg, and 2 chall of thd corporations. Such bonds to be charged upon od bi ( Sat Miss Stella Pearsall, who !

Total amount of bonds to be Issued mentioned: fn Clase 3...... $2,100.00 clerking at C. A. Quick & Sol
\ quit and is now attending Wind

Business College. Miss Loitha Cop
land, of the C. W. Hendershat ©
has taken her place in Quick's.

Chester Quick, of Gosfield South,

ain’ \ nicipalitiés, upon the i 7

cortafn’ other Mu ' he terms and conditio by the railway d

fn” C tort} . ns and subject to . ay, and all the assets, righ rev

He provision to the nine is tie Agreement sot out In this By. bo oPcrtY and effects belonging thereto - PY gi on gi

Jaw, ana ac 'L Torta In Schedule “A” (0 (he said the railway constructed, acquired operated and I ils

agreement. | mission under this agroa Tac, an maintained by the Com-
4 whereas the estimated cost of the wi I sched ary 5 agreement, and to be for the total mmounts mentioned in

An Sti wae as the ook * work under the sald Agreement schedule “B” hereto attached; provided that thp Commission may u on

iy $2100.00 portion of the ‘cost of the construction, obtaining the consent as herein defined of the, majority of the Phim 08 i

The Municipal Corporation af.

 

    
   
  

 

  
   

  
 
     
  
  
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
   
  
      
    
  
  
   
      
 
       
      
   
      
       
      
        
       
      
      
         
      
   
     
        
       
          
         
     
    
       
      
  
    
      
       
       
        
         
   
       
      
    
      
      
        
      
  
     
     
       
     
    
      

   

 

  

 

   

   

 
  

 

 
 
 
  
  

  

 
    

   

 

  
 

sauls and equipment of { : , increase the ss
sequist oe of the Town of 220 tha 10 12 borne by the Corporation of the oor ogc te 8aid hond issue by any amouit necessary to cover the capital who recently sold his® farm to Ed.
Muni edule “B® to the aald aarp Is cstimated at $126,867.00, ns set cost of extending the railway, and may also withont such consent Hoh 0 hac p mg Batson. has opened a store
cut dn ST At between the Corporations by. th subject to adjustments and LL, 314 bond lssue to cover the cost of additional works or equipment of | The Hydro-Electric Power Commilsion in the bullding formerly oc Ay
por provided by the said rations by the Commission from time to pL for Re 2. Hie Siva to an extent not exceeding tem per cent . of Ontario Clare Strachan. The postoffice’ will .
time, bd iit] ALLL > bonds {ssued from time to time. ; A Ry s ir vn dae boa > also be atghis store. vir
And ray i! amount maid to de required for the mat: | Sn, Tonds and Interest as the same Bos Pi pavabia tho Com ; Chairmim So Rye Walter Pulford, of Winnipeg,
tenance Of Lhe » erating expenses, (s $134.000.00 (the sion shall in each year after the expiration of te: vail = Ee oa ME og who has been visiting her paremts,
operating revenue BOGE Ssilmated at $491,000.00), and operation and main of the Issue of the bonds out of the aL n of aay Jom Ih gute : Secrolary s jai [Mr _andT Mraz A, pole Ly on
tenance Al voddd the total al | OF operating expenses (including electrical power) and the cost of adminis: NOTICE, : Tuesday to Join Mr. Pulford, who fs
And whereas 8 hla gunual amount estimated to be required for the per- | tration set aside a sufficient sum to provide a sinking fund for the purpode : TAKE NOTICE that the foregoing is an tree copy of n proposed Bylaw [on 4 business trip to. Toronto, New
jad of ten years mgs lately following the date of {ssue of the Bonds Is to bo o redect 15 the same at maturity. Debentures issued by the corporations of the Corporation of the: Town of Amlierstburg to be submitted to the votes York and other eastern points. They
jsgied under-the sald agreement for Interest on the sald Bonds Is $95,765.00 hy oon bance With clause 2 (b) hereof, shall, to the extent of the par. value of the electors on the sixth diy of December,’ A.D, 1919,-botween the hours intend spending a few days hose on
Sd fof sinking fund charges is $18,490.00, and for the period of thirty yonrs CA0Y bonds outstanding from time to time, be held or disposed of by the Of nine o'clock in the forenoon afd five o'clock in the afterndon at the fol- [thelr return to the west. :
following the sald ten-year period for interest fs $95.7 SIRE sion Tn trust for the holders of such bonds as collateral security for lOWINE places: — } Married at the Methodist" parsongge
5 $21,000,00, and for the period of ten yearsiollc sald ghirty. | Payment thereof, it belig understood and agreed that in the event of any In Ward, 1, at the old S,, W. & A. waiting room, Ramsay Street, at Fleming, Sask, Wednesday, 8
period for interest is $12,660.00 and for sinking fund is 10.00 | Increase of the said bond Issue ench corporation shall, upon the request or. In Ward 2, at the Town Hall, Apsley Street. vember 19th, by Rev. J. L Thorn,
And whereas the portion fo be borne by the Municip; of the Town |e Commission, deposit with the Commission additional debentures us In Ward 8, at the old Bell Telephone building, corner of Richmond ‘and | Flora Kate, daughter.of Wm, Rawson,
herstburg of. the sald annual amounts estimated to be required for Cicribed in clause 2 (b) hercof, to be held or disposed of by the Commis. Dalhousie Streets. of this place, to Robert J. Rutherford,
maintenance, sinking fund charges and interest Is estimated at $14,997.19 ©.00 U8 collateral security for such Increase of the sald bond {ssue, and that And that the fifth day of December, A.D: 119, at two o'clock In the aftar-|of Fleming. After the ceremony ®
{or the first ten years a8 aforesald, and for the next following thirty voars at OY debentures held by the Commission In excess of the par value of the Doon atthe Town Hall (w the sald: Municipality has been fixed for the appoint. dainty supper was served by. Mrs.
he 3 ment of persons to attend at the polling places and at the final summing up Wm. Flaws, aunt of the bride. The
happy couple left for thelr future

516,145.83 and thereafter at $9,006.15, on the same basis as the portion of outstanding bonds from time to time may be held or disposed of by the
(ye cost of construction”and eqdipment, as aforesaid, subje Commission” to secure payment of any deficit arising from the operation of
and apportionment between tite’ Corporations by the Commission from time | the railway. :

, as provided by the sald agreement; + | A In the event of the revenue derived from the operation of the under-
And whereas the amount of the whole fiteable property of the Corpor-| taking being insufficient in any year to meet the operating expenses (Includ-

of the votes by the Clerk. A
{ And that if the assent of the electors is obtained to the sald proposed |lome near Fleming.
By-law It will be taken Into consideration by the Municipal Council of the We are pleased to announce the
sald Corporation at a meeting thereof to be held after the expiration of one [Promotion of Earle R. Harrfs, son of
month from the date of the first publication of this notice, and thar such first { Mr. and Mra. Herbert Harris, of this

 

t to adjustments

  

 
 

  

atlon according to the last revised Assessment. Roll Is $1.072,451.00, ax Ing electrical power), the cost of administration and the annual charg

oy 2 din a bentnre dept of dine. Corpomalig oa 972 4514 9, =ud the for Interest. and Sinking fund ron ‘the. bonds Sand’ tor tha sen imal oh; gi publication was made on the fourteenth day of November, A.D. 1919. town, to the rankgof major, medical
reither principal nor interest is in arrears; aL ll | works belonging in whole or in part to the railway, such deficit shall be And further take notice that a tenant who desires to vote upom said fcorps, Ul. S. army. Major Harris
I ' | proposed By-law must deliver to the Clerk not Inter than the tenth day before began his army career as a first lien-

Therefore the Municipal Council of the Corporat of the ToWT 3 paid to the Commission by the corporations upon demand of and in the
rg enacts a8 follows: orporatlon of the Town of Am-| prohortion adjusted by the Commission. - In the event of the faflure of the day appointed for taking the JOLESES declaration under The Canada Evi- ii and has won tapid promotion
It shall be lawful for the Corporation of the To Noli rd _ | any corporation to pay its share of such a deficit as adjusted by the Com- dence Act that he {3 a tenant whose lease extends for the time for which | being ona of the youngest officers to
d tho sald Corporation is- hereby a zed 10 io Towy of As a mission, It shall be lawful for tha, Commission In the manner provided int the debt or liability ix to be created or fn mhich the money to bo raised hy | hold the rank of major in the U. 8.

: AE cinly ig rol lowing the proposed By:aw is payable or for at least twenty-one years and that he jarmy. Major Harris Is at present.

nt with the Hydro-Electric Power Commission of Ontario and other 2

 

      

clause 2 (b) to dispose of debentures held by the Com I 8 sec
¢ yy the Commission as security has by the lease covenanted to pay all Municipal Taxes in respect of the practicing medicine 4n Detroit, Mich.,

 

 

   

 

   

 

 

  

 

 

agen on Obie tol a ! for any such deficit. Any arrears by any corporation shall bear interest a
al Pp LI Ry of i . ial gua JOTming the legal rate. Ra 44] © Jroperty of which he Is tenant other than local improvement rates. and is associated with the Cadillac
ya) z gt d-and directed to execute the sald a Tiny It — b, Should any corporation fall to perform any of the-obligations to the | W. A. McCORMICK. Motor Car Co. as. physician and sur- 2
ll io and to attach the seal of the Corporation Reo ad abl UMitiasion, Wier ba Jarsoment the Commission may, In addition to all | Clerk. geon. Se ~~ i Ey
oe ; . 3 As | other remedies and without notice, discontinue the service of the. railway | COLCHESY r ie
fade, passed-and entered this®....... day of o.oo... .. 19... | to such corporation in default until the sald obligation has been fulfilled, = = 1. .PELEE ISLAND. ” ES EE NORTH, ¥
SR Wr ESL A 1d no such discontinuance of service ghall relley# the corporation In: default LEAMINGTON. . i Elford, a
ESE ee Re Mavor.. | 1295 Re performance of the covenants, propos and conditions herein Councillors Barnes, Plerce, Nicnolls |, Thos. W. Weyhurn has "his
| contained 2 " . S y y NiCr ) rented A
NET o er F.C, Newlands, Talbot street west, |and Clerk Stewart were in Toronto | {37m on the 9th con. to Frank Round-
Raye Ld i 5 pa NP ln case the Commission shall at any Ame or times be prevented from ' ost seven bales of Warne tobacco a |[nst week, In connection with the me {ng —W. Parker- and G:. St.. Jullen
Clerk operating) the railway or any part thereof by strike, lockout, riot, fire, couple of weeks ago, valued at $475. | of Pelee vs, Homegardner. have returned from their deer hunt-
AGREEMENT HEREINBEFORE REFRRED TO. | Invasion, explosion, act of God, or the King's enemies, or any other cause Chief Lamarsh took the matier,in The large tobacco barn ‘belonging to [Ing trip to Northern ‘Ontario, ench
ndenture nade the ............ ANprOf, a yin hn i ny reasonably beyond Its control, then the Commission shall mot be bound to-4and and has secured the confesglon | pater Wires, Pelee Island: was .de- bringing a deer and a moose.~Hy.
operate the railway or such part thereof during such)gime; but the cor- of a man in the locality to the theft |giroyed. by fire early Monday Thurston, Ed. Quick, Chas. Gillett and

10 vear of our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and | A i
|'porations shall not-be relieved from any liability or payment under this of the tobagco. morning of last week, together with

coment, and as soon as the cause of such Interruption §8 removed the as Vy 0 '
net | Henry Mooney appeared before P.|the season's cro t ;
ommission shall, without any delay, continue full operation of the rail- | z Selkirk Wednesday, morning | joss Soa LV op oF anugen. The
ay, and each of the corporations shall be prompt and diligent in doing | charged with carrying a shotgun<in|a light {insurance ?

J. Burns returned on Monday from
thelr deer hunting trip to" Stmalak,
{Ont, bringing home with ' them a
moose, a bear, two deer and ten

nn

   
 

{HE HYDRO-ELECTRIC POWER COMMISSION OF ONTARIO (here-

inafter called the “Commission”) of the First. Part, i | .
and [ y eyeing in {ts power to remove and overcome any such cause or Rn Pelea Park without being seid] Theodore Rinkel, Albert Barnes, J beaver.
7 o i) Xp | of interruption. ed according to regulations, The 0 ames GC rE Gesto. ; .
Municipal Qorporation of the Township of Sandwich East, the Town- | 7. It shall be lawful for, and the corpordtions hereby authorize the Com- Ha was: Ia{d by Parfield TRH th ne Jue Caprphell rotury. In compliment to her guest, Mrs.

A. E. Trimble, of Red ‘Deer, Alberta,

{ Sandwich West, the Township of Anderdon, the Town of Ford {ity ' mission to unite the business of the railway with that of any othar rallway fgtone, game warden of the park. |hunting trip in Northern Ontarid well
~ Mrs. J. H. Brown, Windsor, enter-

  
 

  

owniof Walkerville, the Town of Sandwich, the Town of Ojibway, the system operated In whole or jn part by the Commission, and to exclange ie v g a
4 A y ¢ 1 ed 2s k : y - » 4 oney wag fined $10 and costs. 4 ;
wn of Amherstburg, and the City‘of Windsor, (hereinafter called tlie “Corr ‘equipment and operators from one system to the other, proper provision i oe Fairful, 3 of R. Fairtul, of Jas Thy He oe ra tained twenty indies at a thimble par-
pora 5") of the Second Part. = . . | being made so that each system shall pay its proportionate share of the |injg town who put in two years over-|have some wonderful tales to relate. |ty and aftepmoon toa, Thursday of last
reas pursuant to the Hydro-Electric Railway Act, 1914, and amend-| cost of any equipment used in common. : gens with the Mechanical Tramsport| According to Reeve White, the North. | Week. ™. Trimble had ‘como to.
thereto. the Commission is requested to inquirg into, examine 8. If at any time any other municipal corporation applies to tne Com-|ang won the Military Medal, received | and is a wonderful place, epend a fortnight in Windsor. ‘They
the medal Friday. It is soitd silver.| Mrs, John Dooley passed away at|are former residents of Gesto.—Mrs.

estigate and report upon the cost of construction and operation.of am mission for an extension of. the railway into its municipality the Com-
rie railway or railways to be constructed through certain districts im mission shall notify the applicant and the corporations, In writing, of a
tho corporations are situated, together with the probable revenue that’ tine andl place to hear all representations that may be made as to thy terms
would result from the operation of such railway or railways; and conditions relating to such proposed extension. If, on the recommenda-

And whereas the Commission has furnished the corporations with suen ! jon of the Commission, such extension shall be -authorized, witout die-
a report showing (1). the total: estimated cost. operating revenue and criminatiom In favor of the applicant, as to the cost incurred or to be Incurred

¢xpenses of the railway or railways, and (2), the proportion of the for or by menson of any such extension, the Commission may extend the
forth in schedule | raflway upmn such terms and conditions as may appear equitable to .the

bears the bust figure of King George " A. Langlojs hus rented her farm. on
UTR gu hershome Thursday evening, of last the Campbell. Side Road to Jason

on one side, and on the other side the | week, of dropsy.# The deceased ‘had ,

fnsoriptiof, “For bravery on the field.” | ben ‘ailing for*years and was noticed | Manchester, possession to be given at
Fire in the barn of Robt. Moran; {to fafl very rapidly -the past two |OD¢® Mrs. Langlols and family are

Marlborough street, gaye the fireman | months. although she seemed to re-| Moving this week to Detroit, =Mrs.

a run Tuesday evening shortly Dilare cover a great deal of her former Flap ar or Solu ox Sai Mcs Bony :
Pi . The blaze was cause : , 03 -and.

6 o'clock a Y | strength shortly befire she died. Mrs Ir. and Mrs Robert: Hemi) a

 

 

 

  

| cost to be borne by each of the corporations as set ks Je

“B" attached hereto; ommissimn, 6 the accidental breaking of a lantern |Dgoley was a conalstent member of >
And whereas on receipt of the sald report the corporations requested No much application for an extension of the rallway into any munl-| whieh get fire to” some straw. Thefthe oth church and was given the With further reference: to the sudden "=
death of Oscar Shepley, death was . °'

d operate a system of electric, rail- Lcipality ithe” corporation of which {5 not a party to this mgreement aha'l

; fire «truck was quickly at the scene 4 A
the routes laid down -in_schedule \be granted if it is estimated by the Commigson that the cost of gervice fifcstrue a y rights of church by- Father Ryan, of due_ to neuralgia, which! struck the

but the blaze was extinguished before | Amherstburg, shortly before the end. : gla 3 a
rived. only a couple ot dollars’ | Sha has left behind to-mourn her los | heart. While not feeling well for =

the Commission to. construct, equip an
ways (hereinafter called the railway) over

 

attached liereto, upon the, terms and conditions and ‘In the mannér here-| of the ralliway to the corporations ‘parties hereto will ‘he: her: Increased :
ot is e P 5 | ana the revenue and accommodation be injuriously acter Tthout - the | won of damage being done. Ser heuband, John Dooley, and son Bbouta week prior to his démise-medi-
‘And whereas the Commission, has agreed with the corporations on |iwritten consumt of the majority of the corporations parties hereto. son Smith left Inst . week by ' Frank, also living on the island, The, BL nid was not called in untilthe
| . 3 e the raflway upon | 9. The cionsent of any corporation required under this ageement shail automobile for Ormond, Florida, where funeral tobk place at Te Ardy. Teal aud was mot Tailed, in until the

3 ay before his death. He retired on:

  

 

behalf of the corporations Lo construct, equip and operat
es a Hy the manner herein set forth; but upon | mean the comsent of the council of such corporation, such consent boing

tie terms land conditions an hall not in any way be liabfe_ jn the form wf a municipal bylaw duly passed by the councll ‘of the,
3 Ly

% Sgpress. conditionsihat is Hossa tim tes, plans or specifications ‘corporation
rens I {sslon [n any estimates, : 2
by shson of hy an or Joss whatsoever by virtue of this 10. The (Commission shall, at least annually, adjust and apportion between

agree ance of tha terms thereof; the corporatioms the cost-af construction, equipment, operation, interest,
4, mint or $ising onl of the pericime) the corporations -hava assented sinking fund, sind also the cost of renewing the property of the! allway.
to by-laws authorizing the ‘corporations to enter into thif agreement with 11. Every railway and all the works, property and effects held find used
tle Commission forthe construction; equipment and operation of the rail-| 1, connection; therewith, constructed, acquired, operated and maintained by
wav as laid down In thersald schedule, subject tothe following terms and | ya Commission under this agreement and the sald Act shall be vested in
conditions; ™ : ; the Commission on behalf of the corporations; but the Commission shall be

And whereag the Corporations have each fssued debentures or fe { entitle to & lien upon the same for all money expended by the Commission
amoints set forth in Schedule “B” attached hereto, and have deposited the | yngar thig agireement and not repaid. 2

Each (of the corporations covenants and agrees with the other:

he. will spend the next six months.| ‘The last issue of the Farmers''Sun ‘
He. was.accompinied by Wm, Otton, |contained the following answer, fo 4 Tuesday night in pretty fair health .
Howard Noble, Newton James and |qguery: “W. G. L., Pelce Island.—It but was strigken early noxt morning. .
Jos. Robinson, who wilt return {the |{s hard for, us.-to state. exactly and died quite suddenly. Doce
course of n few weeks. Mrs, Smith | what cattle are worth on Pelé@ Island, was 57 years of ‘age and was boi
and daughter Ethel left by train Wed- a3 wo are not familiar “with local ‘Colchester South, a son f the late
nesday to join Mr. Smith; 4 trinsportatfon conditions, but” if your Sol Shepley aedil in ater afew
The ypters’' list for the town of} cattle come to the Toronto’ marke years ogo. He agiharsin to by
Leamington has just been {ssued and ‘and are handled bysone or moro droy- | Neva Jarrett, daug ater of Levi Jar-
contains the names of 1461 voters, 34} | ers, thera Is little doubt but thateif riett, - of Malden, their union being
lof. whom are qualified to serye as as you could ship by the carload, it a Rrathers ands threp:
a \ A 3 hy or
ors. Widows, marrried women. and would be more profitible, taking one lian, and. Mrs. 0 Brush, ‘of Col. 7

inently fn the! »
spinsters figure prominently | With another, year in and year out chestal North}: "Marvin | Moore,

 
       

 

   

 

 

     
   

  

     
    

sald debentures with ‘the Commission; 32.

Now, denture witnesseth:— _ (a) To cy out the agreements and -provisions herein contained: list, 294" being entitled to vote, divid-!for you to ship and» sell. your own 4 oore,

ein o the promises and of the agreements of us pit (b) To porate by all means: {n dts power at-all times with the Com- |ed as follows among the several poll-| ive ‘stock co-operatively. If: you do of Clete  Deach pi gd
: provisions of the sald. Act| ion 10 creppte the most favorable conditions for the carrying out of the | Ine gudivisioge: No. 1,,80; No. 2,|that, you, gvould, of course, do It) on of Bssex. A brother Claude is de-

o. 3, 62, No. 4, 16; No. 5, 65; | through, the United Farmers’ Live] : :

| Stock Commission: Department at tho fSetsed, The funers way lield Frlday: oa
Union Stock. Yards, Toronto, 2 We afternoon at the amily e to Rose © .
Hill cerhotery at Amherstburg, where

know of no huyer of Faw.tobacco in 3 ;
Toronto, Tobacco Bich si here Interment took place. Rev. J. Jones
officiated. fois 25

are, for the, most part at least, only rs a ememn  b J
selling offices for the manufactured GOSFIELD SOUTH. A
projice : Wc Ruthvem aff 3

           
       
        
      
    
  
       
    
 
 
     
        
   
 
   
    

porations herein contained, and subject to the i
;

‘No. 6, 29. 3

 

and. amendments thereto, the Commission agrees with the corporations | poo o tlio agreement and of the sald Act, and to Increase the revenue
respectively: — fets | Of the rallWiny ‘and ensure Its success. - . ; :
> (a) ‘To construct, equip.and operats the i , J 18. In {lie event of any difference between the corporations the Com: |- cs ee Rinker,
iit" whith the corporations are situate on behalf of tie o ik laid Jown in | mission miy, upon application, fix n time and place to hear all representa- ue 3 ot b oo lagion heady
(bh) To construct and operate the railway over the rou tions that, may be made by the parties; and .the Commission ‘shall. adjust | abandons i 1 ng sox count

ih such dififerences, and such adjustments: shall be final. e Commission | night, are being held by 8 4

schedule “A”; ' : x
: cement, to . Two men in the car,
(c) To issue bonds, as provided In paragraph 3 of this agr shall higye all the powers that may be conferred upon a commissioner ap- police at Essex. my

 
  
   
  
 
 
    
       
     
    
     

 

 

,
1

    

  

  

 

 

  

 

 

io i flway; - b 3 ing Public Matters, .
cover the'cost of constructing and equipping the ra tandard equip | PoIBe under the Act Repecting Enquiries Concerning 3 Leamin ade thelr escape Across sme Cd
(1) To furniah-as far as possible fi beluss he 10 give the best 14. This agreement shall continue ard extend for a period of fitty" years a i SRR ques, | # J ~~ | Wiliam Smith, of Union, hag: pur-
ment for use on the raflway. to operate this equip ed, || ¢ and at the expiration thereof be subject to renewal, Bb VINDSOR. chased a new mutomobile, - and will
rd to the district served, | from the date hereof, . tion them. They were attempting t 3 | 3
from time to time for like periods re when the of- . — probably take a trip to Floridn soon.

repair a punctured t
ficor appeared. Before P. M. Selkirk,
Chief Lamarsh charged Geo. Finlay,
of Detroit, alleged owner of the car
and whiskey, with violation of Sec-
tion 41 of the Ontario” Temperance

  
  
   
  
    
 
 
  
   
  

  

service and accommodation possible, Having Test nitable con- | with “the consent of the corporations
ihe type of construction*and equipment adopted and ali oer S90. able nor I by rene earn subject to adjustment and re-appointment as herein pro-

tions, and to exercise all due skill and diligence De 1 WARES ith rposes of this agreement as though the: terms hereof had
{lyvay consistent with ‘good HanAEe- Ydad [oman py Bo ovpiration of this agreement the Commission shall

" : 4 a hy djust the rights of the corporations, having regard: to. the
(2) To regulate and fix tig {ores and rates of tall, to be collected by the getermine Sad stilt 1) by hem respectively under the tarms ot this agro.
rulway for all classes of service ment, and such other considerations as may appear equitable: to the Act,. Roy Brown, of Sandwich, ap-

; ; ropert: 7 1. purposes in‘ Council. =

(f) To utilize the tes and property of {he railway for al mission and are approved by the Lieutenant-Governor > peared in Pinlays behalf and pléad-

from which it is possible: to obtain a profit. d and agreed that the rates imposed for the share off oy guilty. | Finlpy was fined $1,000
dL the power 35: 1t.1s understosd 2 Sghedule “C"-attached |g, q costs. The a was released but

(2) To combine the property and WOrks of the rallway an ras by those municipalities listed in
Prove ( the cost to be borne bY y Inthe whiskey confiscated and handed

The total amount spent by. the re-|_Mr and Mrs. J. O, Duke, of Olinda, =
ception committee for the visit of the | will leave by auto soon for New Yi v
Prince of Wales was $4,660. and thence go by boat: to Jamaica
Mis: George Goyeau passed away on for the winter—Quite a number of
Monday at her home, corner of How: fine farms have changed. hands here
ard avenue and Tecumseh road. The ghis month and new conditions are
funeral was held from the Immaculate io bo seen all over tho district.—The
Conception church, Wednesday morn- members of the 1.0. O. F. are now"
{ug at 10 o'clock. Deceased was 44) making big . préparations for thelr
years of age, She féaves to mourn !ypnual chicken supper, which will be

 

    
  
  
  
 
          
   
  
  
   
   
    
 
    
   
 
  
     

eff tive operation and’service of the ra

    

    
 

  

     

     
      
  
   
 
   
 
 
    
    
  
  

      
    
    

     

   
        
       
  
   
   
   
    
  
    
  
      
  

  
 
       

    
    
   
 
  
   
   
   
   
  
    
 
  

 

 

      
   
 

   
    
      
    

 

 
        
     
      
  

 
   

       

     
    
    
  
 

  

  
   
   
  
  
  
   

  
  
      
   

 
     
      

 
     
      
  
  
        
 
  
    
  

  

3 ® lines of the Commission where such combination is feasible and may. ‘ : the rateable property set forth respectivel
ois ¢ronomical to both the railway and the Wirs of be ged i railways Jgtotawnnall ho impgsed ne s ; “hy over to the government ofcials, Ror 55s Ir. ~ a Jel ih ag halt net Juohday, on
; : Whe at Permit nd olltaln. intersiangs of 1xaffc J : 16. This agreement ghall not come into effect until tzhas been sanctioned" H = nore a: Luring = re Enarite, EY Hymond : neg Pobre :
LT vacrever poss ‘pro! i ? hn : Lodi (00De as 60) 8 v ‘. } ) ALives hie
p 5 h Bg rer Of ‘energy for. operation, of the railway at by the Lieutenant-Governor in Gouneq LT Ey : - % Popla © street to. Morley Cook for §3.|and Samuel, also two brothers and this week. Mrs. Walters will bo rH
R fates consistent with those eharged to municipal COTO aE expenisns ofall}. Tn witness whereof tlie Commission and the Corporations ave respec: |go0,—Wesley COUISCR hus sold 10 five sisters, Yorn i | membered as Miss Ada Cascadden,
: {) To apportion annually the capital costs and operating With the Com-| sively affixed their corporate seals and the hands. 6f their proper officers. acres of the Tayler farm) on the Mor- Two robberies, involving a os n of this place.—Jack Molnufu.left-Rete]
works, apparatus and plantiused by the allway In SOTION to the serviee | a. > goa-Gosfield towaline to Mr, Sov, for | property and money of several yo on Tuesday for Walkerville, where he
»mission’s transmission Jines in @ fair manner, having regar A . : Ve $4,000 —Ernest Derbyshire has moved dred dollars, and an &ttempt to brea is employed with the Basex. Terminal
. « furnished by the under. consideration; =. the ratiway‘and ‘any : from Hillman to the hose no recent. | the safe of the Teahan Fumitiry Cos Railway, - _ is. haying a> fino
(k) ‘To apply. the revenue derived from operation 0! s Fa of operating: 2 7, : -|\y purchased from Mrs, Shejgrickc at | West Sandwich street, ors Topasiad dence biuke ut, Windsor aud Tg !
= other revenue derived the undertaking to the ey and annual i 5 DULE “A” ) the corner of Mill and Wigle sfreets. (10 the Wider Polio fou day ere sdoy— nm { an i.
expenses (including elec power), the cost olga on Suich other ~~ SCHE a Lis - —Ars, Manse Malott has solu ina: Samuel Lehan, 8 5 4, 2 ter, a, y lo Wigle, ate
\ | ‘harges for {nterest aud sinking fund on the money invested, ” Routes. : . rear 80 acres a her, farm SHteMIDg Soh ax itliren Hage, ¥ ned a2 here for Flori hore they oa a
deductions as are herein prov for; an dnnval sum | - N: - ; {from the electric rallway ; Ld oe. ¢] aor}
OJ RRR pent, es TLR Mem SN can eo gr tet Mer SE SL Sh Ee
" e or . = i} U n Lake St. Clair, where it turns due ; one Sys- entered Mrs. an’s house.
Making; 55 it deented ndvisablavby /Askin’s Point 0 tsof way ig then used to the'end of Ottawa Ave- | East, of the Mergea Teloyhione Sy. ged _t Say. they found the stolen

Road to Woll's; priviie eld avenue to the easterly limits of the Town of | tom, law D t proparty ln Zokrie'a room. ‘The bar |

d then along the : : ;
Tho division of {RU FH er yndl- | bar shop of H. Howe, East Pitt street, pupils taking pa
ang} Fond C187, ts ere 0% ati ee ator nd robbed of 22 razors’ The concert was &

 

   

(m) To pay over annually to the gorporations. any surplus that may

th in th y : 8
8 Commission in $n of the nat ir

   
 
  
  
  

  
 

     
   
   

  
      
    

     
   

remain after provid items 4 Commission on fo
such surplus 3 ona 0 be fixed by US C07 "ha capital | xoRD CITY SECTION: Fain = nig
of fauitable ag regard p caso of each (Sareralion’ = 7 a all FORD et Lh limits of Ford City the line extends long Ottawa Ave. and |and two. pairs of hair clippers.
1- Poi the | rr of Sp > SIRI oT ing ani | nue “Strabane and Sandwich Streets to the westerly. limits of the, munief- ; : r-———
: steps f biscting, eauloPinE Mog pally. © 7 : § Ge

      

oJ i gn oo pr

. this a somen
culled: fog I)

VILLE SECTION: fot ig
1 EE ee long Sandwich Street
ean | erly Jims of tho Municipality, A Second Jing
“A” | Sotween Lincoln ond Wake: Yu

ks ©
5 to tan 25u lef

OF. A fourth lino extesds ito-tharly
De pamption and Vicicria mods

on: Sandwich Stroct. =.
” ) oh Bh
