 
    
   

 

3 ‘

Quits at “Clothing Headquarters” are
up to the minute in style formation. Many
styles that were here a year ago have pass-
ed on and in their place, you will see the
styles that are featured in picture in our
great publications. The skill of tailoring,
the art of producing more attractive pat-
terns, the expert workmanship in finishing
are all expressed in our present wide show-
ing of sturdy stylish suits.

4

ored conservative styles.

fit is there. Priced at

$15
$35

$16.50

  
  
    
      
   
  

a EI Se SE EERE tte detegr

 

‘Better Values in Boys’ Suits
At Boug's, $8.50 to. $25.

On looking over our’ assortment of Boys’ Suits
we can’t help but feel fortunate in_ securing such
wonderfully fine garments. Those of you who are
not familiar with the clothing business can’t appre.
clate, as we do, the task that confronts a merchant
these days in getting reliable clothing, Weare just-

_ly proud of this offering.” \

Norfolk Styles and Other Late Models

Such as waistline and beter models and pleated
buck styles. The materials that have developed

these suits are of unusual high quality and in detail
of finishing the hand of a master tailor is Distal
seen, These suits are for boys of 8 to 17 years an

priced at— $8.50 to $25 ah
For Smaller Boys

Little chaps have héard so ‘much: talk about the
soldier man that he likes for his new suit one that
has a military bearing. We have ‘em—military col
lared coats, straight pants and excellently made of
strong, long wearing fabrics.

D

"Wark Pants for Men, $2.25

~~. BeSare You See Em.

W

Fooforfonfosfiefecferferoeforforferfenfonfonfontontoriontoforterficferfontorfertocte fief rforfenfenfeefen forte fe fe fonfenfoctecfo fe feof ote

x

 

 

 

FR

The Pétworth dam, Kingston; was | Mrs:

blown 'y | raon | town
och by a fuse by some perso townline, iat

The Society of Friends in Ontario| The death tol
the colabrating. thelr. hundredth “an-|the boiler at -he
niversary. : ; Ne 3

   
  
   

    

 

  
 

Kootenay and Boundary Tench | He f
Association “a me » |not
of ooiuion now have s ‘membership sot

verer 300 ihrem -voars old.| Pte. Henry
un Laundry, three ‘years pl sholl-shock, commi

     

XJ
8

 

SUT of he TIM

Suits That You'll Be Proud to Wear because of Their Smart Tailoring
and because You will have Confidence in their Wearing Qualities
: and Further because of the Values Represented. :

‘There are Pinch Backs, Belters, Waist-line Models and the always fav-
There are tweeds, serges, vicanas, Halifax, serges,
worsteds and cheviots.. There are colors lively and the more subdued of

‘shade, and in every instance, you will note, when a suit is tried on, that the

$20° $2250 $27.50

340 to

"Furnishings of the ‘better sort . and

These are for boys:

     

a —

A. Campbell, Bast-West Luther
e, near ‘Orangevi
lighting.

Was ru; f /
SU John, Nop ed bY an BRED AE inking carbolfor acid

Not Your First Purchase But Every Purchase Here, the Character of our Goods
and the Prices Will Appeal to Every Man Who Desires to Economize.

 

 

Suits at “Clothing Headquarters” « of-
fer the last word in what apparel should
be. The linings you will note upon inspec-
tion are fine weave and painstakingly put
in. The pockets are carefully placed, the
buttonholes show signs of unusual czre,
and so on in every detail of our suits
the mark of perfection stands sigmally out.
Men of every age will find. jusi the suit
that is certain to spell satisfaction.

~ $18

$42.50 $47.50

$45

FOR TRUE .COMFORT ON A HOT DAY YOU SHOULD
BE UNDER.THE SHADE OF ONE O
OUR IMBORTED 4

St \ H {
STRAW HATS are going out like hot cakes these

days because men realize that It does make, a difference
where your straw hat is selected.

a rei ae Well mada and up to the minute styles and sure to be judge by his parents that he is fully

SENNIT BRAID SAILORS of value olf hot days when worn pix Pw ob | worthy of thé occasion; Ve ask you,

w' - with a dark colored coat. . $2. 00 dear friend, to accept this watch
) 2.50, $3.50, $4.00 and $5.00 They are ONY Amite dei center a Ne; ° chain as a slight token for the sacri-
Broad of brim and high and low of crown. Light sn [3g fice that you have made. .ySigned on

your head and certain. to prove reliable“the entire sym-
mer through. . We suggest that you come for yours to-
morrow, as they ‘are marching out very fast.

hats will serve you well and for more than one season.

 

Sturdy Duck Aprons

FOR MACHINISTS AND CARPENTERS

These are made of strong white duck materials, some
in short lengths and others that come, to
below the knees. ‘They have roomy pockets
and tie at he back. Special at,.............

Palm Beach Panis = --

Real breeze weave Pants that you will like on blister-

ROSY CHEEK

Comes Through Keeping the Blood
in a Rich, Red and Pure
Condition.

When a girl—or a woman—finds
her color fading, when her cheeks
and lips grow pale, and she gets short
of breath easily and her heart palpl-
tates after the slightest exertion, it
means that she {8 suffering from anne-
mia—thin, watery blood, Headache
and backache frequently -accompany
this condition, and nervousness [s
often praesent,

The remedy for this, ‘condition {s to
build up the blood, and for this pur-
pose. there Is no medicine that can
equal Dr. Willlams'. Pink Pills, ‘They
build up and renew the blood. bring
brightness to the eyes, color to the
cheeks, and a general feeling of re.
newed health and energy. The only
other treatment needed {8 plenty of
sunlight, = moderate exercise and
good, plain food. The girl or woman
who gives this treatment a fair trial
willl soon find hersalf enfoyihg per
fect health.
No. 1, Lyndhurst, says: “I cannot
syeak too highly of Dr. Willlams’
Pink Pills, for 1 belleved they saved
my daughter's life. She was in a
terribly run down condition, pale,
wan, and despondent, and people who
saw her consldered-her in a’ decline.
The doctor who treated her did not
help her any, and then 1 decided to
glve her Dr.” Willlams' Pink Pills.
The decision proved a wise one, for
before six boxes were used she was
much better. I got six more boxes,
and before they were gone she was
in the best of health, When she be-
gan the use of the pills she weighed
only 90 pounds, and under their use
her weight increased to 127 pounds.
I strongly urge all mothers of weak
girls to give them Dr. Willlams" Pink
Pills.”

You can get Dr. Wiliams’ Pink Pills
from any dealer in medicine, or by
mail post paid at 50c a box or six
boxes for $2.50 from the Dr. Wil
linms’ Medicne Co., Brockville, Ont,

CT J

; oe

osferfeciesferfirgectesferfectestenfecte

     
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
  
 
  
  
 
   
  
  

 

 

Mrs, John Levergood, accompanied
by Miss Zella Brush, motored down
Sunday to Ira Brush's to meet and
welcome home the latter's brother,
Pte. Aretas J. Brush. ‘Mrs. Levergood
enjoyed the trip very much and’ kept
dp remarkably well considering her
advanced age.

The farmers around this district are
trylng very hard to got in corn, but
are making slow progresy owing to
weather conditions.

$30
$50.00

3

EC a TO J TJ Ta J Te J 2 J J 2 2 2

\
——

 

  

  

    

 

         
   
    
     
    
      
 
    
     
    
     
 
     
 
   
      
       
     
     
          
     
      

Fodor debefeobbedeobe deol Ab  dbb bb Abbr EE fet ii eS 3 COLCHESTER SOLDIER ‘HOME.
+. + + ° do + p a 4

x x I Kh ki Bl ¥ x W h P is : 3 0 all For | Mr. and Mrs. Ira Brush, Marshfield,
: Coveralls for 4 + d oom- oe 4 as dan I 5 ver S Boys I 3 were. greatly plensed with the return
+ 4 x 3 +1 + * 3 of tunip son, Pte. Aretas J. Brush, who
Es . 23 £3 ode oh : arrived Sunday morning after spend-
3 50 + “+ ers for ei 00 IS : for Bo S 50e + i 50¢ 65¢ He - Ing elghtéen months in the army over-
+ 0ys ° x Boys ® £1 = = i + 9 9 ® + yas. He (8 Li the pink of. condition,
; do + 5 is sisters from Amherstburg and
3 One plece suits that but ix x x x Sturdy quality Wash Pants Be 4 These come with bibs and Detroit gathered home on Sunday to
# ton up the back, romy, com- % iA These are for boys of 5 to 6 offered in a striped effect and i ‘+ in sizes for 2 to 10 year old ‘+4 meet him and spent a happy day. On
Lo a and ensy 16 wash, i od 14 years. They're extra well J 4 these are complete with sus- * 4 lads, Those in blue are 50c, x Monday . night about sixty of his
h > These are for boys of 2 to. 7 3 made, sturdy, some with belt 3 > penders. “Boys of 3 to 6 i vo those of khaki are’66c and J friends and neighbors surprised him
+ rs and come in linen, blue i 4 straps and when soiled they 4 years will have a bard time 4 the ‘striped - ones dre T7bc,. + by presenting him with a gold watch
be d khaki colors * I will wash nicely. * % wearing ‘em out. + ’ splendid values. x chain. William Deslippe making the
+ an . £5 * 4 Ld ix Lo * ] presentation, Earl Deslippe read the
dodo sboeobrbe bordel hob fbb offre ER i) ERE LL be br Dress hy SrOlIoWEs Tonight we

  

have one of the grandest occasions that
has “ever occurred in this neighbor-
hood in «welcomiug home ‘Pte. A. J.
Brush, a young man who went to one
of the greatest wars that the world has
ever known and was ready to'Sacrifice
his life for the protection of his*coun-
try and people here. We consider it
an “honor for the’ neighborhood, more
so_for his parents, 80 we .canot alow
this young mén to come back without
showing in some tangible way the ap-
preciation in which he:{s-held by us.
From thes slight acquaintanceship

  

  

ale

  

leiden sneer

White Dick Pants

  

   
  

 

 

behalf of the neighborhood.” After
the address wis rendered the young
hero arose and’ made an appropriate
reply, thanking the people for their

  

   
  

served. When the gathering was about

GENUINE PANAMAS ing Jars, Thay Bip cerain iq 2d $2 5 kindness, after which the evening

5 1 5 wash successfully. when they become = was spent In music and dancing, Which

$3, $3.50, EL $5 and $8.50 80i1ed, These ATGODLY.. cf .ss er ssses isan ey ° —y Ba grok

Telescope, fedora and tallor shapes, some with plain Ev Doe ee San.
ribbon bands and others with fancy colored bands These | Men's Su Hats Son, Ang Bt OIL RAITY Ine

GOOD LOOKING CAPS
$1.50 to $3.00

Serges and mixtures in good shapes and handy, for
knockabout and outing wear. . The size range is most

complete.

Firalshings from Boug’s Are Reliable.

From Summer Underwear to hoslery
we have a showing second to noneiin
Merchandise from

the best makers in the world.

Silk Socks, 75¢, $1.50

shoes because they're so attractive on
account of their colorings and sure to

 

The requirements for men are here.

offered in a wonderfully wide range ‘Western Ontario.

for choosing.

Shirts $2 fo $5

Saft cuff styles—well made and
made of excellent quality materials
—and colors are here in abundapce—

all sizes.

Belts 50¢c to $2

give long wear.

Oc to $2.25

Leather belts are of importance in
summer time and these are the kind

you'll ‘be ‘proud: to own.”
choose from.

Many to

 

STORE

  

    
  

  

 

 

¢

   

 
      

Herbert Lloyd, of Hey Bay, his Barly in
daughter and granddaughter, were|their

killed when struck by a fast train|fermer par
a away,

lle, was in.

 

  
  
 
 

Big Rangy Styles With WIDE Brims. Fine for Men Who

Men who, tofl under the sun {n the fields or in the hot
city will dgureciate these hats.
for you.

The Finest Neckw

ear bs | Imposalbla,: ene 2?
f¢|" Granny is 99 yoirs 61d jo-day and
f° |any cake to hold 99 candles would

Choice colors—splendidly made, in . .
generous tsyles and dozens of them
hére to assure a pleasing selection.

REMEMBER OUR PAR-
‘CEL POST. SERVICE °
‘WILL BRING YOUR
NEEDS TO YOU IF YoU . §
CANE COME TO THE

 

th afternoon the boys. mad
escape, and ‘in the' ilome of
by, while tho family

   
 

| the ferm

 
    
      
    
  
      
     

to depart-they were called to order
and Ira'Brush gave a brief address
thanking them for the honor bestowed
upon his son. Pte. Brush was met
on hisiarrival by Joel Craig, of Walk-
eryille, and they motored dcwn Sun-
day morning. Just north of McGregor
the roads were exceedingly slippery
owing to the rfcent rain, and the car
swerved into the ditch. Joel thought
the soldier would be getting homesick
without a taste of the trenches.

  

Want Comfort and Have a Hat to s
Save Their Better One

 

  

   
 

All sizds rare’ ready

  

     
   
      
       
         
      
      
   
   
       
        
     
         
  
  

feeder footed

 

  

BIRTHDAY, BUT NO GAKE

 

4 | “Granny's” Stove Won't Hold 99.
Candle Size..

Today (Sunday) there Is celebrat~
ing at the Home of Friendless, Wind-
gor, for it is “Granny” Stewart's birth-
day, For more than 20 years Granny
has made her home with tle little
colony of about 30 people which lives
contentedly at the home. Although
there is a birthday there will be no
cake, for after)consultaion with the
authorities concerning the number of
candles needed, it was giver up ag

  

  

  

 

  

   
 
    
 

have to be bigger than the stove at thé
home could bake.
h Granny was born in New York of
2% | Dutch parents. She has forgotten the
‘Iname of the place and insists she was
born in Windsor. While, the Indians
and French traders were coming to
{an agreement on the Canadian shore
Granny moved to Amherstburg. Since
that) time she has been a resident of
the border. :|
: on children’ come to visit the)
old people at the home, Granny tells

    
 
 

  
      

  
  
   
   
    
  
  
     
     
  
 
 
   
    

  

 
 
 

to be sure, but stories nevertheless of]
J tho times when Detroit wae a village

 
 
 

AND OOD HEALTH curen

Mrs, Hiram Shook, R. R. |

= that we have of this young’ man, We|Gregor, ex-MP,

| A WOMAN'S SYMPATHY _

  
 
   
    
   
  
   

   
 
 
  
  
  
    
    
 
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
    
   
   
   
  
   
     
 
  
  
   
   
 
  
    
   
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
    
     
    
   
   
    
      
   
   
   
   
     
      
     
     
     
     
     
     
    
     

CONTROL DISEASE ek,
IN POTATO SEED

e Sublimate for Scab, Black
leg and Rhizochonia.

 

  

 

Since it Is financially profitable to
prevent potato diseases every grow-
er should do his part to ald in the con-
trol of the diseases already prevalent
in his district and to prevent the intro.
duction of new ones. Potatoes are
affécted by a large number of dis-
enses which cause a considerable an-
nual financial loss, and much of this
loss can be prevented by using proper
control methods, Leaf diseases can
be controlled very largely by spraying
with Bordeaux mixture; wilt diseases
and stem rot can be controlled by
rogueing fields of rotating crop. But
the matter that concerns the grower
at this particular seasson {s that of
ensuring seed against the action of
disease that is contained therein in
comparatively dormant form, and the
treatment indicated In case of a
suspicion of the presence of either
blackleg; scab or Rhizoctonia is that
of Immersion of the seed in a solution
of corrosive sublimate, together with
the observance of precautions against
the carrying.of Infection by means of- BN
the tools” ued In cutting the tubers
for seed,

Poth formaldehyde and corrosive
sublimate are commonly used fop dis-
Infecting seed tubers. They arg on.
erally considered about saqually ef:
fective against common . Gib, but
there {8 good evidence that corrosive
sublimate [8 now effective against i
Hrizoctonia, results indicating this oF
fact having been obtained at experf-
ment, stations both here and in the
United States, These results of labor.
atory and greenhouse ‘tests suggest
the advisability of using corrosive
sublimate in preference to formalde-
hyde if Rhizoctonia must be consid-
ered in seed disinfection. Formalde-
hyde is not poisonous, although the
fumes are annoying, but corrosive
sublimate must not be eaten: or fed
to stock. The solution should be <
handled in wooden vessels because it
corrodes most metal,

The corrosive sublimate solution for
disinfecting potato seed is made up as
follows: Corrosive sublimate, 4 = ~
ounces; water, 30 gallons. Dissolve
the corrosive sublimate in § gallons
of hot water, then add 25 gallons of
water. . Soak-the tubers an Lipur and
a half. The solution weakens after
five and six lots of seed have been",
treated, and should be renewed,

or A
ESSEX SOLDIERS HOME.
F>u rt
Many more Bsdex county men ar-
rived Friday on the Olympic. They
are F. H, Wrong, Windsor; H. E. Hen-
derson, Windsor; A. Dawe, Walker-
ville; K. W. Edsall, Leamington; F!
Marchand, Tilbury; W. BE. D. Dupuis)
Windsor; J. R. Laforet, Windsor; A.
E. Poole, Windsor; E. Albert, Wind- *
gor; C. C. Dunnett, Windsor; B.[J.
Williams, Sandwich; H. 8. Archer,
Tlibury; M. L. Graham,” Windsor; V.
Foster, Ford City; C. J, McLaughlin,
Windsor; J. M. Simpson, Windsor; W.
Steward, Windsor; A. Wilson,  Leam-
ington; J. L. Battersby, Walkerville;
E. T. Kenney, Windsor, M. A. J. Le-
febvre, Ford City.
Rd
DR. SMITH OF WINDSOR’
SEIZED WITH PARALYSIS

 

 

E

 

Dr. J. A. Smith, Collector of Cus-
toms at the port of Windsor and one
of the best-known men in the county,
was stricken with paralysis on Thurs.
day morning. He was found In &n un-
consclous condition’ in the bath room
of his residence-on Victoria avenue
shortly before 7 o'clock. His condi-
tion. is reported as spmewhat improv-
ed. Up to within a few days ago Dr.
Smith was Jn his usual good health,
although suffering from. a slight cold
contracted while on a trip with mem-
bers of the Board of <Commerte in
Ohio. fecently, He was at his desk
for a time Wednesday, andsspoke of
the fact that Hon. John Macdougall,
Canadian Commissioner of Customs;
had only lately been stricken with
paralysis, Physicians hold out hope
of‘his recovery. Dr. Smith's 63 years
of age and has held the post of Col-
lector at this port for the past sixteen
years, succeeding the late William Mor <#

 

Are you discouraged? Is your doc

tor's bill a hedVy fuancip) load? Is
your pain a heavy physical burden?
I kndw what these mean to delicat
women—I have been discourged too;
but I learned how to curosmyself. I
want to relieve your: burdens, Why
not end the pain and stop the
Doctor's bill? I can do this for you.
and will if you will assist me.

All you need do, is to write for a
free box of the remedy (Orange Lily)
which has been placed in my hands to
be given away. Perhaps this one box
will cure you—it has done so for oth-
ers. If so, I will be happy and you
will be cured for. 3c, (the cost of a
postage stamp). Your letters held con-
fidentially. Write to-day for my free
treatment, Mrs. Lydia W. ‘Ladd, ;
Windsor, Ont. Re i

. DOUBTING THOMASES SORE 3

VICTORY BOND BONANZA

 

 

 

Armistice, Buying Houses, Returning
to England, Strikes, Are Main
Causes of Selling.

Dealers In Victory Bonds state that,
for the most part, those who are tak-
ing advantage of tha rise in the prico
of bonds to sell, ave holders of larger
blocks, whe desire to use their maney
{n other ways. Small Lolders, unloas oe
they have a special reascu for needing *
the money, are content to retain their
glld-edged securities which have been
climbing above par, and to gather In
in G3 Pr cont: IMTOrvAly Wau 15
free from all taxation. Doubters who
held back when the loans were issued
not Bea with regret the 1928's issued
at $100 eling at about $101.60; the
1933's at $106.26; the 1937's at $107.65,
etc., plus ‘interest to data, ;

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
     
   

  

| snatches of stories, a bit disconnected]

wid poople showshoed to market in| |

  
   

 
 

o 2 —OMmelals of the observatory at Fenian raids which éstranged the
Philadelphia have. discoverdd a thous|many years. She saw the installation!
sand/mile-wide hole in the sum, a of the gravestone in the old Sandwich
! yrenometion witich they say presaged | churchyard, which called the :

? A doa ‘cans murderers for R.
Yiry. lot summer indeed. . They the Canndlan shores.

| » to Canadian ‘sh

er in th

 

    
 
    

the winter. Granny remembers the |:
Canadian and Detroit residents for so] |

      
       
    
     
 
  

  
