   
 
     

  
   
  
  
    
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
    
    
  
    
     
    

MALDEN.

Laura Sellars was taken to
hosiptal, on Monday, to under-
dical examination. We hope
that she will soon return fully re-
gtored to her usual health.

Quite a large number of the boys
and girls of this neighborhood met at
¢he home of Thomas Beaudoin, on Fri-
day evening last to say farewell to
Cecll Beaudoin, who Is about to leave,
| also a farewell was given to Mr,
and Mrs. Beaudoin by the older peo-
on Saturday evening. A very pleas:
ant time was spept on each occasion,
We wish for the miy future success

and happiness.
eat
TOWN OF ESSEX.
oy

Roy E. Taylor: left on Wednesday
for Los Angeles, Cal,, stopping off at
Barstow and Fresno on the way. Roy
purposes” remainig permanently in
California.

Mrs, A. Chapman, of Windsor, has
gold her house and loti second house
from the ppst office, on Gordon Ave.
to Mrs, J. Mansell, for $900.

A game of hockey was played on
Hutchingon's pond in town last week
botsveen the tesms of Essex and Leam.
ington High schools, Essex winning
by a score of 4 to 1.
“At the meeting of the United Far-
mers of Essex, Wedndé8day, evening of
Just week, the following officers were
elocted: Pres, R, D. Potter; Vice.
pres, Glen Thomas; Sec, 0. J. Graw;
Directors, T. E. Batten; Jos. Totten,
irs. F. C. Butts, Geo. Hall, NIrs. T. E.
paten and R. B. Pinkerton.

Thp annual meeting of the
pranch of the British and
Soclety-was held In Grace Meth-

Miss

Harper I
on 4 me

      
   
 
   
  
  
 
 
 
  

Che ad

and

Bah an ac ate anc ie

>

Essex
Foreign

Bille :
odist church on Tuesday evening of
fast week, and was addressed by Rey.
Rr. J. Bowen, agent of the. Saciaty.

There was a good turnout, and flie old
ors were re-elected as follows: —
Rev. J. Crawford; Vice- 3 |

ofli¢
Pres
den

T

    
  
 

the residenta” minist
J. A. Dowswell,. Ov

gel Jorally for the society,
————

COLCHESTER NORTH.

Walter Noble, who has been a rosl-
t of Cottam all his life and for
1y years clerk of Gosfleld North,
removed to. Detroit and is now

   

 

  

   
 

bookkeeper in the Timken Axle Co.
of that city. ”
Gestd,
Mrs. Wn. Philllps and . daughtar
Reta have heen SUfering trom mumps,
» Margaret Martini has been'suf-

with an abscess on the face. —
¥ Lewis has purchased the farm

 

on the Malden road occypied by Chas,
Re The latter will move to a farm
near Albuna, which he has rented. —
A number of the neighbors and friends

of Afrs. Charles Reid gatherad at the
home Of Mrs. Kennedy on Thursday of
last week to have a social time before
Jie left for her new home in Albuna,—
Miss Helen’ Workman was presented
an ivory manicure set from the
sclicol children on Wednesday after-

on of last week, before leaving this
The address was read by

{| + Joofeceofectorfocfertacfesfisfocfertofeciorfeste facts Juctactterfocerfecteefoctenfeoctecforterforecfocunfocerfocte ot vee ofeofenfoct-

wit

 

 
 
  

 

  
  

 

sed | Sweet, and the presentatiom
wing by Ruby Kennedy. Miss Work:
avek 1 in suitable words, thanked the
Was ldren. ye i

Wt GOSFIELD NORTH.

tery. Cottam.

hers N. B. Buckland js spending the weak
ther, with his brother William, in Flint, amd
tak his sister at Kalamazoo, Mich,—Bruce
ere Walters londed, his -car of effects «on
d, of Wednesday of last week for Reid Hill,
naud, Alta, where he will take up land. —
In a Mrs. Lewis Malott returned home on
treal Tuesday from: Hotel Dieu, Windsor,
L for E § recovering nicely from her rre-
t ex- cant operation.—Russell, son of Ruffus
and Montgomery, was operated upon lmst

Tuesday at Hotel Diea for append
a oitishy Dr. Doyle. He Is getting alomg

 

THE AMHERSTBURG ECHO.

Canada’s Premier Statesman.

p= CRAY

In characteristic poses, as he appeared during his last appearance in Essex County, at Windsor

during the Reciprocity Campaign, 1911, Thousands of Essex County citizens will re-
with the immortals,

member with pride having heard their beloved leader, now numbered
on that eccasion. A i i

—

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

 

a's well —Mr. Wolvin has moved from IE.
nex J. Wigle's farm inthe 7th concession
to & farm near Leafington, and MIF, he Rr ee - — - —- pr
Milligan has moved from Leaminghon URGE DRAINAGE AMENDMENTS PUBLIC SCHOOL REPORT. VENDETTA HATS CLAIMS 7 BECK DECLINES TQ ACCEPT.
to the farm.—The sale at W. . LIVES IN TWO MONTHS d
Sqpire’d at ‘Olinda on Tuesday after ; i : 1| Report of S. Si No. 5, Malden, for ~ Sir Adan Beck, who returned from
nooh of last week was attended by af Deputations Be Provinca February. First mark for examina- Since the night of. January 3rd;|California on Friday, professed ignor-
large crowd, and high prices prevailed. Searsiny Caine Se Tson at 16 | tions: second for conduct and class | when Tony Glannola: was shot and|ance of a rumor to the effect that 36
two cows selling for $165 and $160, anu Pa ent i ings Fri 279 ast standing. Maximum, 162. Those ab- [killed in front of 189 Rivard street, | Conservative members of tae Ontario
i hogs bringing from $60 to $75 each.— | Week In regard to amendments to the opp for examinations marked ®. Sr.|the police -and deputy sheriffs have House lind signed a petition asking
p Pte. H. Rex Wyatt, who wentfoversems Drainage Act. IV, maximum 300—Manley French, 201, been kept busy working on Italian |hin to become leader of the party in
\ place of Premiér Hearst. » Sir Adam

« with the 99th Battalion, was among)
\ i the passengers jon the stéamer Can-|
ada. which arrived at Halifax on Sun-
day of last week. Rex reached home
Lodge glve Mrs. R. Avery a surprise
on Thursday evening of last week t
prior to her moving to Windsor. The
evening was spent in games and music,
afte rwhich, a dainty lunch”was garved,
—A quiet ‘wedding was solemnized at
the Methodist parsonage at Ruthven
on Thursday evening of last week,
when Rey. H. J. Creasy united in mar-
riage Urias H. Phillipsiand Mrs. Hull
{nee Miss Brown), both of Olinda.—
On Friday, February 14th, the family
and friends of Mrs. John McMahon
mét.at the home of her son George to
celebrate the $4th anniversary of her
birthday. ; About twenty sat, down to
a sumptuous dinner, and th& after
noon was pleasantly spent in music
and social chat. ‘Those from a dfs-
tance who attended * were Wer two
daughters, Mrs. Will Cardy, of Wayne,
and Mrs. James Gillett and baby Edsal,
of Detroit; Mrs. James Shanahan and
Mildred McMahon, of {ndaor; « Mr.
and Mrs, Norman Campbell and baby
Norma, of Leamington; Mr. and Mrs.
Reuben Latam and children, -and Mr.
and Mrs. Nelson Dresser, of Olinda.
Although. at her age, Mrs. McMahon
enjoys the best of health. and all hoped
she might be spared many more birth:
days, ay . |
— emir
Constantino Gurmaur, Italian, was
+, fount guilty by a Supreme Court jury
at Welland of the murder of Willie

      
   
  
 
 
   
    
    
   
 
  
 
 
 
   

Falls, an January 26th, and was sen-
tenced to be hanged on May 30th. Dan
Hulsult and Padl Pitrius, found guilty
of attempting to murder Nick Pitrius.
(all Austrians), on May 17th last, were

given fourteen years each. i

 

’
One month in gaol at hard labor and
a fine of $4,600 was: the sentence pro-
nounced on Reeve Joseph Weber, of
Nesta, at Owen ‘Sound Monday. 1»
ofault of payment of his fine Ree
Weber would be imprisoned for three
years in the provincial penitentiary,
but he chose to pay the fine. Besides
he has to pay the, cost of the proceed:
ings, amounting approximately to $300.
© James W. Mi )

 
  
 
   
 

r, a former well-.

known Detroit saloonman and a native

~~ Ot Chatham, was shot to death in his

100m at the ‘Waldorf Hotel in 'T :
Sunday, after he locked

In and threatbnedi to

. Who attempted to

that the drainage work shall build and
¥eop In repair all bridges over drains

both on the farms and on the highways
oh “Friday last. —The Ladies’ Orange | coo" ace is cut off.

only an allowance has been granted

entire cost of construction and main-
tenange should be
drainage work, and should be paid for
trom the drainage assessment funds.
The Minister agreed to give the mat-
ter serious consideration.

arose from a suit heard in the Essex
county court on February 4th and §th
! before Drainage Referee George F.
Henderson, when Essex county was
successful in preventing the township
of- Malden from constructing a drain

bridges over the drain, and to, crown
the road-bed - with
drain.

county under the Highway Improvs-
ment Act, which states that the cous.

taken over about 200 miles of the high-

Vonu, a French<Canadian, at Niagara p

   
   
   
  
  
 

  
  
 
 

  

homicides in Detroit and its environs.
The list follows: —

January 3—Tony Glannola, shot and
killed by unidentified men in front of
189 ‘Rivard street.

January- 26—Anthony Vettése, shot
and killed by unidentified man in gro-
cery store at 1493 Oakman boulevard,
Believed to have been killed by hold-
up men.

January 27—Joseph De Maggio, shot
ands kifled by unidentified men at the
corner of Lafayette and St. Aubin.ave-
nues. Said to have been “killed over
money matters.

February 2—Pasquele Dunni, died
from injuries received avhen he was
shot down by unidentified. persons in
Ford village. His brother-in-law, Sam
Giannola, who is now in the county
gaol. was with him but escaped in-

147; *Joseph Beaudoin 108, 142. Jr.
IV, maximum 300—Murton Dewey 217,
110; Ross Wright 183, 109; *Minnie
Pigeon 135,35. Jr. III, maximum 560—
Inez. Firatt 423, 133; Howard French
406. 126; *Mae Deneau 360, 117; *Mil-
lie Goodchild 358, 123; Stanley Brush
320, 130; *Pominic Marontate 242, 84.
Sr. . II, omximum 700—Seth ¢ollison
509, 132; *Ivan Beaudoin 344, 122;
* Aaron Wright 343, 122; *Leslie Brush
333, 129; Olin Sellars 332, 120. Jr. II,
maximum 600—*Grace Arner 371, 85;
Marie Gibb 3)4, 124; Dorey Wright
241, 114; Mildred “Pigeon 214, 112;
*(arl Goodchild 148, 103. First Clags—
Lovedy Goodchild. Maurice Wright
and John Squire (equal), Murray Gibb,
Hazel Goodchild, Ivan Marontate, Bald-
win Dewey, Mario, Marontate. Primer
—Viola Sellars, Ruby Jarriett, Magrill

   

Whesfitst amendment. Sacked was stated that he had heard nothing of
g''ch a movement and declined to dis-

cuss ‘the matter further.

HOW'S THIS?

There is more Catarrh in this sec-
tion of the country than all other dis-
eases put together, and until the last
few years was ‘supposed to be incur-
able, For a great many years doctors
pronounced it a local disease and
prescribed local remedies, and by con-
stantly failing to cure with local treat-
ment, pronounced it incurable, Seience
has proven Catarrh to be a consti-
tutional ‘disease, and therefore re-
quires constitutional treatment. Hall's
Catarrh Cure, manufactured by F. J.
Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is the
(only Constitutional cure on the mar-

In tite past

    

o the farmers, and {it was. felt the

carried by the

   

  

  

   
   
   
   
  
  
 
  
    

    
    
   

Another matter that was taken up

  
  

   
     
  
 
  
 

   
  
  
  
       
   
         
   
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
  

  

on the townline between Anderdon |Gibb,- Pryllis Goodchild, Mark Bean: | juries. * ; i is taken internally in doses
and Malden townships. It was the in-|doin, ‘Dora Deneau. Teacher, Mattie os 27—Vito Renfla, shot in 08 n Fon - 2 ia Tt
| tention of. Malden to build three |Schnekenburger. , county I, dying later. acts directly on the -blood and

March 1—Vincene Rescevo, shot and
killed in Russell street baker shop by
unidentified persons,
© March 2—Antonfo Frustace, shot
and killed in Rosedala procery store
by unidentified men. ,

i SPE

mucous surfaces of the system. They
offer one hundred dollars for any case
it fails to cure, Send for circulars and
testimonials.

Address: F.J. CHENEY & CO, To-
ledo, O.

Sold by Druggists, 76c.

e Hall's Family Pills for con-
stipation.

 

    
  

earth from the
The county objected. as the
townline had been taken over by the

A CASE OF NERVES.

 

)

During the past few weeks thére has
been a wave of newspaper hysteria
over-the bugaboo-army of unemployed.
Well-meaning gentlemen, who should
know better, have put out estimates of
the number of jobless men ‘in, the
| counitty which are such wild exagger- -
ations that they are absurd on the| Especially to Thosé From France or
wlifch they feel cannot be carried on. very facs, Other gloomy publicists if Wounded.

successfully If the townships are at have preijcted an era of unemploy- 3

liborty to build their own bridges and ment which almost implies that our| “So you are home again from
ropair their own roads. The Minister, | populatioy will suddenly cease to re-|France! It must have been an inter-
who had Drainage Referee Henderson quire foot, sheiter, raiment and trans. | esting experience for you. Such a
grand chance to see the country, too’

ae his advisory, was favorably im- portation.
ressed and stated - that the Deputy Careful resaarch indicates that the What is war really like? Was it as
bad as the papers sald; Were you

Minister of Highways will consider whole matter i a cnse of nerves, a
the A and legislation will follow. | case of judgmint““impnired by the|ever afraid; Of course you know we | the waste of sinking vessels that cost
never dle till our time-comes; it's just | $360,000,000. [It would appear from

Essex County was represented by strain of War ind war's uncertainties.
ase ty F. MiMen and It is mot to bx denied that there is aafe over thero as ere. Do|the latest despatches that those who

  
     
  

  

 

 

 

    
   
   

 

 
 
 
  
 

 

ties shall not be Iuterfered with in the
good roads schemd by thelr local mu-
nicipalities. The county of Essex tas

A SPEECH OF WELCOME
TO OUR RETURNED SOLDIERS

    

   

—

    
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
    
   
   
  
 
  
  
 
  
   
 
 
  
  
    
  
 

  
 
   
   
     
   
   
  
  

 
  
 

ways for. their good roads: scheme,
The French and Italian Govern-

ments have all along resisted the pro-
posal that the captured Garman fleat
be taken out to @ea and sunk. France
feels that she is entitled to a large
part of the German fleet, and Italy
feels the same way about the Aus-
trian... Both Governments object to

    

 

    
   
   
      
    

           
   
     
     
    
   
    
   

      

 
     
  

  

       
     
   
   
   
  

   
     

  
       
   
 
  
   
  
    
   

Treasurer J.
Dounly Solicitor J. H.-Rodd; while jdieness In cern industrial centres. |the French and Belgian women rexily | advocate the disposal’of the ships by
Warden Foy, Reeves Fletcher and Tt fs no more tohe expectell that men |do-the farm work?? DId they have|sinking are not finding it easy to
Ball, County Engineer McCubbin and will step out of war jobs into peace| conscription over there, toa? I sup-| justify, before public opinion, the
County Solicitor J. G. Kerr represent: | jobs without & sioment’s loss of time | pose you never were homesick or|course they advise. As we have stated
ed Kent, 3 * | than that a traveller can pdss from |lonesome, with so men men araund|on previous occasions, the business in-
{ train to trafn withoutan nstant's’de-|and #0. much going on all the time.}stinct of the allied world balks at so

 

 

ley at junction points. Vitakeconomic the Americans arrived | great a waste, and

   

Good thing

  
  
    

  

  
 
 
   

vel, hod
AS E: lo of How Oats enough for all. Faris, factories, rail-| gens Y.M.C.A.; I never gave them a
Set reate Helght ¥ a i yards ad the building cent—it gould only be ated How
Archdeacon Sinclair, in advising boya tof trades are crying tor men. Arrears|do they reaily pronounce Wipres? Who |
eat much oatmeal, said this: * ong my | of production in p Industries and | was your general, was he a nice man?
brothers and my father's broke °r} Brought | Public works will /ave to be made up. | What do those letters “C, BE.” mean—,
ters there were 20, six-foot 87% | and fow able-biied workers Who real-| Church of England? Why do they)
wp onoatmeal o. body-bullding food, | ly want to work need long remain | take the soldiers’ away from
more brain-bulidiog food, mare nerve-build: separated fom the waiting jobs. —Sat-| them before they send them home?
food than any rather grala thet grows. | itrday Evenig Post. : | What? I beg yo ? Oh. would
{tem : compares ar - rather not : ; -
Anco with cats. Nothing else | Mr. and he, > jst.

all the value that {s in them.
TOBACCO GROWERS

   

 

  
 
 
 
 
   
 
  

Crops.

 

ers have made their

 

“war; |
‘on this} "35 eo
of

 

t if the

TWENTY SIX-FOOTERS _ |coodiusiments, are, over, effected) whon they did: the Alles shold fut | vest ee 0 ak ne avery sors wii
’ pt: ; mental fact ia that tars will Bo work | tired. 1 don't Ala Mach of the ovor. bo made to brenk them up and dalyage

Warned to Make Reports on Sale of

The majority of the tobacco grow-
monthly
returns and reports of their shipments
but there are some who have filed

 

standing of the finances of the Townshi
cember,

 

receipts of money belonging to the Township during the year.

Abstract statement of Receipts of the Townshi
Dec.

~
e
Dec.” 31
f

LARGE PART OF CANADA"

There 4s.still nearly one-third of
Camadi that is undiscovered, and if
Indian reports are to be believed there
is in the basin of the Mackenzid river
one of the largest areas of possible
oll-bearing country on the face of the
earth and oil fields. since the recent
enormous development in the use of
old fuel, are as great.n national asset
as rich gold ‘deposits.

Indians also report the existence of
lakes a hundred miles long in the Yu-
kon that no white man has ever seen,
while even the
know nothing of the undiscovered Mac-
kenzie Mountains,
chief information obtainable at pres-
ent is that they exist. :

Here is a chance for some adventur-
ous spirit, whoseyardor for new andy'attended to: -
stpanfe experiences is not dampened
by too much participation inthe pres-|sidered was the advisability of estab-
ent war, to win fame and
discovering unexplored
opening a vast:new aren with unpre. |tenced to be hanged, would be taken to Ne
dictable resources to the service of|suffer i
civilization.

47,509 OF DRAFTEES

leader, informed the, Senate Friday.
In addition there werd on loave with-
out pay under the ordor-in-Council re-
leting to com)
cases, or subsequently discharged, 24.-
933" men, while the number struck off
strength as Hable only to non-combat-
ant service (either as
objectors or by reason of the War
Time Blections Act) was 16,350. The
number of those raised by corapulsory

WOME
Suffering from
—lassitude, low spirits and
loss of appetite will find re=

newed strength, brighter
looks, Soh ar z and

cilitary
front was not avaflable,

said, but: the number Sent
was 47,509.

EXAMINATIONS ARE

M jority of Examinations to Come

The mid-summer examinations for
1919 are about two weeks later than
usual on ‘account of the interruption in
the school year caused by the “flu”
epidemic.
June 30th and last until. July 18th.

The junior giaduation examination|-
in the PubkMc school; the Lower School.
Upper School and Matriculation of
High School examinations start. June}
80th. ;

The Junior High School Entrafice ex-
aminations start July 2nd and the
Midtie School and entrance tosNormaljf

Shiodlsmesasipatious commence July |

11th. | ;
Out of 4,493 discharged soldiers in

Manitoba, 1,667 have no jobs.

  
  
  
 
   

All of which [3 respectfully submitted.
(Signed) ‘A. P. LAFRAMBOISE,
F. W. MONFORTON, .

Auditors.

RECEIPTS.
1st, 1918, to December 31st, 1918,

  

  
 

 

  
  
    

   
 

21} Taxes on. Toll of 1917...........c0i".voss.. Te
Taxes on roll of 1918... Tan ditgaded Sy
Non-Reslfont TAXES 2 1am cans co ent in Be ps 600 24
School grant ...5.. 00 ei... ad : 628 49 ©
‘Tile Drain Debentures............... Ses 3045 98
Power Drain Debenturgs............. dd 1424 00
Sucker Creek Drain Debentures. 616 456
Mayville Drain. Debentures... 768 00°
Local Improvement Debentures 667 27
Long Marsh Drain’ Debentures. ................... 7343 00
School No. 1 Loan Debentures.................. pr ey 5020 00
Tth Concession Bridge Debentures. .................... 13045 04
Thomas Malion's share Lopg Marsh Dra... Ro on 271
Reml Paquette's share Long Marsh Drafn.............. 71 78
Ontario Treasurer, share Railway Taxation 136 88
Bills payable from Malden 5 iii bi sea ; 11 00
Recelved Colchester North's share* Sucker Creek Drain. 1358 §B- ~
Total RECOIPISG iv, i vs ns vrs ie Mr $7
EXPENDITURES. TUE
- From January 1st, 1918, to December 31st, 1918.
Overdraft at the Bank, January 1st, 1918.....0...... $ 11873 37
Salaries and AHOWRNCES, @1C...........usssssosrsonn ois : 1377 14
Stationery AMC PrIHER: oe ee 465 23
an AR ea SE Le
ROBE A BrIAReR. ... oh «coer dan ih oo aa 14668 23
School Purposes ...... : 14536 G4
Charity 5. na. oe 1456 39
Cointy Rates. 5. a ee iree frais ~~ 13062 91
loans and Notes'Pald.................. 8 2020 00
Interest and Exchange. 1 356
Board of Health. ...../ 50
DEDORIUTEE fn oh oir it sere osis Posen 76
Coupons and Debentures 89
Drainage ACCOUNL ciriiivvvaresrnnsenns or
Sheep Killed Dy DOES... ... ve. ees essa 00
Tile Drain Loans..... 2 67
Miscellaneous 98
Total Expenditures from Jan. 1st, 1918, to Dec. 81st, 1918..§ $0207 SL =
bE Ly Er ot ER Rg el cp a $ 2744 91
ASSETS.
Statement of Assets, December 31st, 1918.
Taxes uncollected Roll 1918........... Veer. $ 10037 54
Taxes collected by’ County Treasurer, .... A 100 12 -
Taxes uncollected by County Treasurer 484 60 :
Due from Sandwich South........... 3 00
Due from Sandwich West............cc.00hin 193 23 ~
Duefrom: Malden..,........... =... 3 sien. 3 50
Shuell Line Drain Debentures. ........... 1104 00
Money advanced to Bastien Drain......, 32 00
Money advanced to Bondy Drmain......,.. 15 00
Money advanced to Cook Drain......... Sh 163 00 ;
Total Assets... Lk... Lo ohh § 12135 99 5
LIABILITIES. £
Statement of Liabilities, December 31st, 1918. 8
OVerdeRit oy on sol aes oe ee $2744 91 2
Due schools on Roll of 1918...:..... ARH 160 09 ’
Due Alexander Beaudoin, on loan...... OL 3000 00
Due Alexander Bewudoin, en interest........ 80 00
Collectors® SAlATY .... 4 ch. heres rens TF 100 00 }
Due Shuell Line Drain a. 209 00 J
Due on steel bridge............. age ye 2159 00
Due on Mayville Drain Debentur: No." 1s -.. 186 17
Due-on Power Drain Deb. No, 1....0cueusrnn 303 52 "
Due on Sucker Creek Drain Deb. No. 1. 120 65
Local Improvement Deb. No. 1. 90 66
Due _Déslippe Drain Débenture No. #.....,.. . 117 06
Due on School Debenture No. 3............. . 663 30 n
Warrants issued but unpaid... ...... 00.000 . 380 27
Total Liabilities. . ...v.evsnvess a $ 10324 63

Assets ‘exceed Liabjlitles................... 0.0.0.
We certify the above statement of Receipts and Expenditures for the year
1918 to be correct, and statement of Assets and Liabilities, to the best of our
knowledge and belief. A .
FRANCIS MONFORTON,
. A. P. LAFRAMBOISE,
_ -Auditors.

(Signed)

Dated this 22nd day-of-February, 1919. ; ee

   

 
   
   
   
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  

Auditors’ Report of Township of Anderdon

To the Reeve and Councillors of the Township of Anderdon:—
Gentlemen.—Your Auditors beg to submit their annual report on the

p for the year ending 31st day of
1919, together with detailed statement of Receipts and Aw Ll

The Treasurer produced vouchers for all payments and duly accounted for all

p of Anderdon from January

 
 
 
    

 

..$ 1811 36

  

  

 

 

- | SHERIFFS ADVISE
REMAINS UNDISCOVERED

 

 

(Parliament Bulldings.

Indians apparently

about “which the

Interpretation.

riches Wy [lishing a central station
Canada and | criminals within the

 

plan in preference

| WERE SENT OVERSEAS of dts own executions.

 

 

fore Parliament.
Fifty-two
onate and hardship | House district,

conocfontious | Chinege ©

 

gervice who went to the
Sir James
overseas

     
  
   
     
    

LATER. THIS YEAR

 

     
        
     
   
     
    

During July This Year,
Instead of June.

 

 

   
 
   
   

The exams commence on Be e ch a m’ s

   

and dre a nal

     

stomach
Gentle

ling . dems,
Chinaman was recently fined £100.

A'CENTRAL "PLACE
FOR ALL HANGINGS

County Sheriff C. N. Anderson re- '
turned to Sandwich. Friday from To-
ronto where he attended the amnual *
convention of Ontario sheriffs held in
Sheriff Ander-
son states that the Act governing the
duties of sheriffs," and the Admindstra-
tion of Justice Act relative tosthe dis- 3
tribution: of fees were discussed, and
as different judges heave different in-
terpretations of these acts it was de-
cided to lay the matter. before Pro-
vincial Secretary W. D. McPherson
and Attorney-General I. B. Lucas, with
a view to securing uniformity in their
This was done at the
close of the conference and the sher-
iffs were assured the matter would be

Another important matter to be con-

where all
province sen-

the extreme penalty.
sheriffs went on record as favoring the E
to the present 4
method, where each’ county takes care
Twenty-seven
sheriffs were In attendance at the con-

, The number of n rafsed under | ference.
the Military Service "Act totalled 83, 2 Pr
455, Sir James Lougheed, Government |. five more divorces are to come be- * y

Indfans «have

Spanish influenza fn the Cumbertand ..
according to D. A.

Hall, M.P.P. for that constituency. 3 EY

The London police are having &

great deal of trouble In keeping down

and one

 

clearer complexionsbyusing
you the very help you need,
hs aid to
liver, bowels an 3
and

oh

       
   
     
   
   
 
 
       
        
  
   
       
  

   
      
    

    
  
       
    
     
      
  
   
    
    
     
     
   
    
 
 
  
 
  
 
     
 
   
    
 
  
    
     

The

    

died of

    
  
   
    
     
    
  
 
 
    
   
 
   
  
  
     
    
  
 
 
  
    
  

 

 

-

 

   
  
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
  

  
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
   

 
  
    
