AMEERSTBURG, ONTARIO °* FRIDAY,

   
    
  

{Ee BAZAAR. AMHERSTBURG SOLDIER RE-
HES TURNS.

Sergt. Charles @. (Chuck) Middle
ditch, son of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph
Middleditch, was one of thé 700 men
who returned from overseas on the
hospital ship Araguaya. ‘He arrived
home Tuesday evening, baving been
met in Windsor by his parents and a
number of friends, Sergt. Middleditch
was one of two sons of Mr. and Mrs.

 

 

 

The bazaar I2ld last week in the
Parish Hall, Apherstburg, in aid of
the Improvement’ Fund of St. John
the Baptist churdl, Was successful be-
yond all expectatens. It was thought
that owing to tbe inopportune time
and the bad @ndition of the roads,
many would have little money to spend
and more would be unable to attend,
but if great numbers were not al
Ways present, there was never any
nck of enthusiasm, and evidently those
who patronized the affair came pre-

pared to spend and to spend lavishly.
The receipts were boosted consider-

ably by the lake captains, whd not
only worked but fairly turned their
purses dngide out to help the cause.
Mond did

  
    
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

J THE MOLSONS BANK

 

 

   

9S Branches fn Canada

CIRCULAR LETTERS OF CREDIT
BANK MONEY ORDERS

Then, too, lirunner its

share, as usual, .a8 did a great many

SAVINGS BANK DEPARY MENT ol the citizens .and the country folk,

i=! who braved the bad roads to donato

Interest aliowed at highest current rate end to spend. The chicken supper,

prepared by Mrs, Callam and the

! R. B. SAMUEL, Manager, W. 8. FALLS. Manager, ladles assisting her, proved a strong

It did much to pack
the hall on Thursday night. The re-
cepts that night from all sources
totalled about $600. It was surpassed,
howeyer, by Saturday hig, which
3 marked the climax. The gross re-
FOR SALE cefpts for the bazaar were well over
$2,000. ‘The pastor I8 very grateful
to the women under the leadership of
Mrs. M¢Spaden, who worked so stren-
nously and so eflciently, and to the
men who helped them, and to all who |
spent so freely to make the bazaar a
phenomenal Success.

List of Prizes. ; /
Two chairs, valued at $38, donated SERGT. C. G. MIDDLEDITCH.

Mrs, Schiappacasse, won by Orin Middlediteh_ “who enlisted in 1915 In
he 7th C, M. R,, going overseas with

a number of other Amherftburg boys.
He saw active service In France for
three years and then was compelled
to return to England, having contract-
ed Jung trouble. He was receiving
treatment. in the Red Cross hospital
at Northampton, England, until he
wes placed on the draft to be return-
| ed home. In spite of his illness, Sergt,

Kingsville Branch. Amherstburg Branch. drawing card

20D o0rioe0000000000LE0RB000R NIN RNAD ESRI

See ecc soci votias oui 00e0004 10100000 asaiaroese io sian sssss

  

 

 

 

Miss SULLIVAN'S REALESTATE AGENCY

Phone 208, Amherstburg.

SALE—A new modern “cement block
ra river fron, 3 acres of ground.
MISS SULLIVAN.

ALE—A nsw modern holse on
a with all modern Unprovements.

MISS M. SULLIVAN.

LE—Large house in town: first-
JOR SALE all RE mies convenfence:
cheap. Apply MARY SULLIVAN, Amborat-
burg. Phone 2 200. -
JR SALE—AIl kinds of 50 an
Bo in Anderdon, Malden and Col-
chester South; good bargains, = M, SULLI-
VAN. Phone 200, Amherstburg.

SBALE—50-acre farm on 8th Con.
or black loam .land, with a house
and stable on same; also a good orchard.
Will be sold cheap. - Apply MISS MARY

 

Advertisements (n classed column one
cent a word, No charge less than 2Bo.
Small advertisements, 16 words or under,
3 times for 80c.

FOR SALE—Red clover soed, 895 bush
€l. STANLEY BAILEY, Oxley.

FOR SALE—Grade Durba COW “Just
freshencd. . ALLEN & GOLDEN, 6th Con.,
Anderdon. Auld P. ’

FOR SALE—A i willow reversible
gear baby Jarriage; Apply at MHS, F. R.
-'BRUSH'S, Seymore Street;

FOR SALE—HOUEG and Jot with all mod-
ern Improvements. — Apply LOUIS "MERO,
Sandwich Street, Amherstburg. fois

FOR SALE—A quantity of timothy hay. |
Six breeding ewes, and a cutter good as
new, Apply 10 LOUIS J. BARRON.
024-14. -

FOR SALE—House and Iof No, 38 Wesk |
slde Seymore Street. Bargain If sold at
once, pply to JOS, MELOCHE, on prem-

15es,

 

     
 
  
   
    
   
 
   
   
  
   
   
 

 

 

 

 

 
 
      
   
 

 

 

by
Ong, of Bob-Lo.

Hand worked centre plece, valyd
$50, given by Rev. Mother EE
and the sisters of the Holy Names,
won: by Mrs. Pettyplece,

Guess cake, given by the Sisters of
the Holy Names, won by Nora Trem-
hlay.

Fruit cake, given by Mrs, Sol. White,
won by Eleanor Clark.

 

 

Phone

 
  
  
 
 
 
  

 

e farm with good

“FOR SALE—i5 acre other good

e and large barn, 8ls0
nd About two miles from town;

  

ho

 

 

 

 

   
 
 

Ings.
Duar athool and chureh. Price reasonable. | — rom 87 SALE— White Cap Yellow Dfnt Hand-painted cushion, given by the [Middleditch looks well and is being
ARY SULLIVAN. | corn—about 500 bushels, at ¥3 per bush- | §{isges Sullivan, won by Fred. Bert. | Welcomed home warmly by a host of
FOR SBALE—3-room hbuse and lot, Just |e HENRY LANGLOIS,"R. R. No." 4: Har- rand, friends.

  

ide town; 40 foot frontage, runs to
Channel bank; 340 feet dee) owner
leaving, wantd to sell. ADDIY MISS M.
SULLIVAN. Phone 206.

H R SALE—Cottage on Pike, with double
o> 3 bedrooms, dining room, kitchen

 
 

Hand-painted cushion. given by Miss
Anna Horsman, won by Armon Ouel-
| lette,

Loving cup, valued at $20, glyen by
Linda J. Caldwell, won by Sister

ONTARIO BONUSES
CIVIL SERVANTS

erviceable Work Inare,
reasonable If taken
, Amherstburg, Care

~ FOR SALE—{
sale and sound.

 
    
  

 

 
  
  

   

 

 

 
 

 

The following announcement was

 SALE—Ruroc y SOW (0 [arrow

 
   
  

    
  

shed; all- modern improvements, | 3 th; also Duroc Jersey boar <7 made Tuesday by Premier Hearst re-
Will he sold’ reasonable. fy well bred sto Apply FOREST | Berthold, garding the payment of & bonus fo
__Phone_610- | Doll, vlaued. at $15, given by Mrs. [civil servants: “The Government has

 
  
  
 

abla, for barn
south of Ges- |
» ROADHOU Es-g

   

Fred. Haas, won by Wm. Finley,

Doll, valued at $15, given 4 Mrs.
ette, wom by Miss L. Strong.

Meerschaum nips, valued at $15, giv-
.|en by Rev. M. J. Ryen, won by Chas.

decided on the recommendation of the
Civil Service Commission to pay for
the current flscal year. in view of the
increased cost of living, a bonus £9
the civil servants of the Province mow

 
  

143 fest deep; all un
shado trees.
ly MISS AM.

standing.

at once. J.

sex R. AR. Nc
“FOR SALE—TWwo cows, on

coming 4, fresh March 5th, milking;

t frontag
rained, young fruit and
Il he sold reasonable.
St LLIVAN, Amherstburg,

“FOR” RBALE—Residenca on. Dalhousie St.,

     
   
 

or.

   
 

 
  
 

   
 
 
 
   
 

witlr large lawn, 90 fect frontage Db 190 grade Durhn 8, milking, CORNEL- {Cudd 3 % et
feet deep. House—3 bed’ rooms, double S GROND! Brine Wells, river front, od nor valued 5t S10) Eiveaih In the employ, of the Go Srument, 15
One of the > given by |be apportioned as follows: 0 mar

 

parlors, dining-room, Kitchen.

yest locations fn town: ‘facing river front. | — gop gALE—rarm of 80 acres; good corn | Dr- W. J. Campeau, won by William |r{ad men and ta widows and widowers

Apply MARY SULLIVAN, Fort Street. BOX|and tobarcp land, one mile cast of Harrow. | Finlay. with dependent children, $200, and
Phone Good house, barf andiourbiiiidings. First prize In collection contest, $100 to other émployees.- While the

1 Street, In
good for truck
cheap. Also

 

 

further particulars ap
. Harrow. Phone 8

, Rod bu,

 

won by, Rosalie O'Rourke. bonus is pald for the fiscal year 1918.
Second Prize in collection contests 19, those eligible for the full amount

   

high stale of cultivation,
garden;

 

  
  
   
 

 

 
 
 
  
   

 

Andordon, half mile From Auld) Statio

le from church: % ymile from schoo
on maip road. Good house, barn, gralpery,
shed, splendid well with. namill; large
cistel 11 acresimeadow; 5 acres good

“FOR SALE—:0- acre farm in heart of the
falden corn belt, Sth Con.; good house ann
utbutidings of ‘all kinds. ~ Well. drained,
Six ‘acres orohard, Good all « round
farm... Immediate possession. For ferms,

$10 in gold, given by J. G. Colborne,
wony by J. L. Murphy, 103 Porley Place,
Buffalo, N. Y,

$10, in gold, given by George Girar-|

least three months before November,
1st, 1918, will rooelve a _propottionate |
‘allowance. The bonus does of apply
to part time or seasonal employees, or

    

   
    
   
 
      
   
  
 
 
  
  
  

rall wheat; rest plowed for spring WOrK.|etc,, 4pply. To JOHN MAR KTATE, on Iho | din, won ‘by-Mra. Ed. Gatfield, Detrolt. [to those who receive mafitenance as-
p » D. terms, ele, pr
imjpediste | PO tr Sh rn | BT I la A: Leather rocking chair, valued at $15, | sistance.”

 

FOR SALE—Noriheast corner Lot
Malden, containing 6 acres, Good Deslippe.

dwelling, horse stable, cow stable, maching
Cedar chest, valued ut $16.50, given

Shed, pig pen and hen house; two ROOG
wells and. a cistern. Lots of small fruit by the Kemp Furniture Co., won by
Oliver Deneau;

and an orchard. 13 Yocated Just across
from Malden Center store; 14 mile from

MITE. 3. 5ihfgiven by A. J. Burns, won by Isaac

"FOR SALE—Ono of the best 55-acre
farms on the 5th €@oncesalon of .Anderdon.
Bost- of “soll; wel [fericed, well drained,
some ‘of Ahe fall plowing,.done; new bufi-
galow, also gardge, barn and grainery: fine

ANDERDON ASSESSMENT BY-LAW

 

 

To the Editor of The! Echo:—
Dear Sir,—In the {ssue of your paper
of the 10th Inst,4n commenting on the

 
  
   
 
  
   

    

 

    
 

location. Owner going sway. Nea richool. | school, 1% miles from ehurch. Immediate | $5 in gold, given by Rev. V. I. Don- 3

Possession can’ be. ha a Cicer FOF par: | oe Arey HOWARD GIBB Tee | ney. we by Dr. G. G. Hackett, De. result of the vote on the Brunner.
ticudars® apply to MARY SULLIV AN ar : ‘Amherstburg: Phone 613-22, trot Mond by-law, the item remarks “that
Si gpamuerstbure. SNP. 0. BUX “35> ®| “FOR SALE—rarm @F 167 acres for sale $5 In gold, given by Rev. J: Kennedy, it Is to be regretted that the by-law

    
 

206: was defented,ete, and that “the Com-

pany and council should get together
land have another vote,” etc. Is is not
an unheard of proceéding to advise an-

or exchange. Part of ‘Lots 15.and 16 in |won b 3
2nd Concession, Colchester South; two "% id Wm. Finlay. =
Dpouses on foundations, one with basement; gold, given by
artesian “well; windmill; one spring well; | won by Capi,
cement cistern of soft water; good barns | Mich,

   

 

TO RENT
“To RENT—St%ore In Hadley

          
 
   
   
  
   

: . Barron,
John Burns. Port Huron,

 

 

Block, Am-

herstburg,, lately occuplet by Halsey park, on foundation: one tobacco bam; wood | “eg 'in gold, other vote being taken on the’ same
imisdisie a by to" WEL | and buksy hiute. wire fences; anpics. lon by Mie. piven by Bd. Crimmins, question, almost before the ballots
AY. i ———— (by, two and one-Dair iniles east of Har-| $5 in gold, given by P.-J, Reaume, [[.V4- Dad time tory? If the vote had

 

 

TOW. H. SNYDER, Harrow, Ont. by-John been otherwise, would anybody have

   

 

 
 
  
  
     

    

 

 

WANTED. ——— $5 in gold, Roster. by. Si. advjsed another vote being taken to
WANTED TO RENT—A 50-acre farm. his by Mrs. ALI Bertrand, | congider the same question? ‘The
rust Bo good land. © Apply ig THEODORE dotte; Mich, ito Bluemel, of Wyan- |oyastion would be--settled for 10
HROWN; Amberstburg, RK. R. No. 4, Bu d dE] cin So ki d
¥ ANTED—A~ Gu to 100-acre farm In ers (4 C upp. es ‘Camera, glyvap by I: H. Denike, won |> cr and left so. There was a repre:
Anderdon, Malden gp Sandwich West. {by J. J. Brau ; sentative vote polled—385 owners,

shows that the people were {ntereSted.
In the past the councils of Anderdon
and the ratepayers were always com-
petent to settle any matter that came
before them. ‘Why so solicitous for

The lottery"
Miss Clytie Mal
Malden,
Anderdon.
$345; Miss

ply HOME REAL “ESTATE toy Labehe
Building, Cornsr Ouellette and onda St.

WANTED—Man 10 work on farm this
season; married man profutred, S a
house Turnished. J. G. PARKS, R. No.
srsibury, Phone 614-12,

tickets were sold by
hon. Miss Meloche, >
and Ajgg Audrey Gibb, of
Miss Mahon turned in
Meloche turned in’ $85;

        
    
 
  

   
  
 

Glazed Storm Doors, osk finish, $3,850
Storm Bash, $1.60 up

flotal end Rubber Weather 6tripping

          
  
   
  

1 Amb

    

        

 
       
    
   
        
   

 

 

    

DRESSED H INTED—\We are ope Board Board, | Miss Gibb their welfare now?
0 Dirchase eo and pay Binet Mosiding , “Srantiord Aephalt sia Sued In gag, The Brunner, Mond Company. are
adie Darn FOOVIIION LOM [| sw hingles, eto. . Two ofl Paintings given by Mra, | "Cll . acquainted with the improve:
1663 and 3604, 2 Electric Ceiling Jura, Side Brack- || (Dr.) O- Teete er, won, by Jas. Meehan. ments contemplated in their plant
WANTEDS-One or (wo energetic men Froid ol hambs: Hastars, Toasters, Ricture, givey by Migs |, Cadarette, within the next ten years. “Is it fair to

ask the Township of ‘Anderdon to bind
themselves to a fixed assessment
that period, not knowing what

   

10 represent us as salesmen for our well
known Nursery Stock on: a liberal spare
lime on thélr hands during the winter
ity, Tor Tarmées or farmers’ sons with some

 

won by Harolg
Hand-printed
M. J. Ryan.

Beaudoin.
cushiop, won by Rev.

A. M. AIKMAN

 

 

   

for
the

      
 
 

       
   

     
  
    

 

tue ‘on theor hands during the winter a 2nd Floor Bongh Block Besides the prizes ‘here im] rovements will be? The councils
months. Immediately 10 CAVERS|\ Phone ®0 2nd Floor Hong erein listed |
e” BROS. R. APPA, Prune, oot. there were sundry “Giharg, which for/|i™, th¢ Dust have m t the Company

    
   

     

       

fairly in everything that they asked.
‘Why so afraid of the future?

AlF municipal councils appoint their
Assessors’. at the beginning of the
yeur; Anderdon will probably do so
this year. If the Brunner, Mond think
that they are assessed too high, they
can appeal to the-local court of revis-
lon, then to the County Judge, and if
not satisfied with his decision, then to
the Ontario Railway and Municipal
Board. And if any ratepayer ‘thinks
they (the Company) are not assessed
at actual value he has the same privi-
lege through the same channels.
Would it not be advisable to htve tho
nspessment determined in this man.

the moment escape t
the Teportarepiuit thy
complete thout
big fat gobbler given TN nth r
and won by Rev. Joseph ennody. i
Details will be published in the next
issue of De Echo, o pox
Allan McGee supplied 1
{heat the hall. r the_con *
te Se
DEATH OF MRS. JOH way.

he memory of
list would not

    
  
  
   

    
     
      
  
   
 

3

    
   
  
 
   
  

    
 
  
  
  
   
    
   
  

We are preparing to make this
the largest and best equi pped
Furniture Store in

i : Western Ontario.

t No need to leave Amberstburg
for anything in Home ~
: Furnishin ngs. 2

 

The many friends thro
county of John Wall, Presi;
Quality Canners of
will Fogret re Jour or
reavement, whi entered his ?
family in the loss of gore a
arine Elizabeth, who Bs ite, air (1 In the event of the Company want.

y |Ing to incorporate in a separate munf-
Hh AB tug Hotel Dieu on |cipality they would have to have spec-

from a complication [al legislation to do so, The:
oul

of disenses. “Beside, yor husband de. |not ba able to include the Pare re
ary |lot 8 (nthe 2nd con.. or lot: 29 end part
‘of 30 {n the 1st con. These ‘properties
cannot ‘very well be included in the

proposed munigipality.
oa 3 dome She Kady explain “to
ers y the Brunner,
Mond Co. should incorpora on orporate, in a
separate municipality to better them-
r| Selves, also explain why it io the taxes
0 much t towns in the county

0)

‘higher than: the adjoin:
oh onsus od under Sneborated | in"

lia villas the Qompany in-

a vil “town 4

of P. eit The | they not be or youd
O Ken-|towns?

R. Boyd, L. iig vou you tor Yee space ip

lighout, "the
ent of the
8, Limited.
ie mad be

    
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
   

   
  
  
   
   

efesieeferforfociecieciecfecfeciiafectesertictsefscects

 
  
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

      
 

Wall wae “held on
| ednendas fami) iE, January §th,
Tiron tie. 1) aT 302 Ouel:
phonsus churgp: a and St, Al-
requiem high po >
Rov, Dean
J. Neville,
tal, as sub:

| renderd by
te direction ot

 

 
 

your

 
  
    
  
  
  
    
  
   
 
    

small. ne se in 10Wn to be moved | qj new), edtter,: barnes, puffalo robe, [Won by Helen White. i must have been in the amploy of the
rom the premises; i» 4380 Ll piaken a Once. fopneding cart, and: half ton timothy - hay: Lottery . Prizes. Government aince November 1st,
! Idec LE for_ quick: sale. «Three ey tel $10 In gold, given by Rev. M. J.|1917. Those: who ‘entezad-the service |
~ FOR SALE—s50-acra farmy Amherstburg. Ryan, won by Mrs. Judson Patton. since that date and-.haVe served at

"Kingsville, spent Sunday evening with

   
   
  
  
  
    
 
   
 
  
  

thas returned home

    
 
  
   
  
     
   
  
   
   
   
   
  
   
  
    
  
  
    
      
 
 
     
  
  

(lendents are both made retroactive.

   
 

‘tainer, ninde public 0 statement satis.

   

on a par With tr the other |

e i

Whe

JANUARY 17, 1919.

 

   

 

 

      
   
      
 
  
    

 

 

 

HYDRO ELECTRIC.

      

 

The Hydro Electric Commission ex-
J ects to clinnge over the Bssex coun-
ty system to Niagara poweér on RNeb-
ruary 1s€ Their force have nearly

Potatoes at Our Warehouse.

Adjoining mM Mm. QC. R.

The Falls - Barron Co.
FALLS BROTHERS

DEALERS IN

Insurance and Real Estate: “Agents
AMHEKSTBURG, ONT.

completed the installation of the
traneformers and other apparatus
necessary for the 2G6-cycle juice,

ered a eee

FORD OUTPUT 1,000 CARS DAILY

 

The Ford Motor Co. at’ Detroit is
making 1000 passenger -cars a day,
Production plans for the current year
call fo ran output of 2,000 cars a day
by March 1st, and more than 3,000 by
summer,

a

 

a

AN APPEAL FOR THE
| BABES OF FRANCE

 

  

There {8s a call resounding all
through the Empire to the women of
each and every town and hamlet, to
hear the call of the babes of France,
who need clothes to cover thair frail,
and too-long {ll fed bodies. Amherst-
burg, who has never failed yet at such
a cal’ Invites its women to glve their
hands to this work, next Tuesday,
Wednesday and Thursday, at the old
telephone office, across from tho Im-
perinl Bank. There will be work for
all during the months of January and
February. Come and help fil! the
bale for these little children, who are
depending on each ane of us.

re eee

SOLVAY PURCHASES
ECORSE ACREAGE

 

4

]

MAKES; A

HAPPY NEW YEAR

 

 

 

Acquires Properties of Beaubien Ice
Company.

Purchase of the old Beaubien Ice
Company properties in: Ecorse by the
Solvay Process Company of Detroit
was revealed “Saturday when the De-
troit concern paid taxes on the prop-
erty..

Rumor of this real estate transfer
had been in circulation for months,
but has been denied by officials of the
Solvay Company. The property com-
prises about 75 acres between Detroit
river and thé Detrait; Toledo & Iron-
ton railway, encircling what {8 known
as Beaubien's bay.

John D. Sanders. real estate agent
of the Solvay Company, sald Monday
night that no building program was in
immediate prospect, He pointed out
that the Company had purchased the
Emmons farm, even further down
river, more than nh year ago and still
had no definite plans for {ts use,

“All of the property is underlald
with brine,” he sald, “and ft is cheap-
er for us to buy it now than after the

Now that it is New Year's, why not stop for a moment
and “take.stock” of yourself? Did you get phead last year?
How much money did you put in the Bank? How much
money did you waste on extravagance?

)

Then start this New Year right. Bank more money,

Making regular deposits soon piles up money.

of hy
4)

If you haven't a Bank Account—come in and open one.

I

IMPERIAL BANK OF CANADA

C. A. CUDDY,
B.T. Clark, Manager

 

Amherstburg Branch,
Harrow Branch

eh LL

 

 

 

 

lund is developed. He may sell this | ste

particular plece or property again or Joofeclosle

in the long future may build upon it.”

—Daetrolt Free Press. ledfecfoefucforfofe osferferfedfefesfodorledfesfoderde

. GOSFIELD SOUTH,

Mrs. ‘George Fox, Talbot street,
seriously; ill.
New California, :
_ Mrs. Robert"Gascoyne, of Kingsville,
and her brother, Luther Fox, of Rob-

 

is

1919 CALENDARS!

Itn, Man., spent Sunday with Mr. and : t fi epi

Mrs. Orlando Wigle—Miss Elva : -
Moore spent a fow days lnst week with lager

Miss Irene Holmes. Kidondyke.~—Albert We have a choice line: of x

Golden and Thornton Whittle have
purchased a carload” of cattle—DMr,
and Mrs. Sidney Abbott have returned
from Londgn, where they have been
visiting for & few days.—Mr. and Mrs,
Delbert Bertrand and -Iittle" son, of

 

CALEND RS

"And [will be pleased to: give afie to
ever person. calling, at our: store.

Mrs, Ezra Fox, 4th eoncesslon.—Miss
Bertha Bafley, Orley and Everett Bafl-
ey, spent Monday evening ‘with Mr.
and Mrs. Henry Bailey —Miss Elva
Madore spent Sunday evening with Mr.
and Mrs. Wallace Anson.—Seyeril
young men from this neighborhood
are taking .advantage of the short
course in agriculture“being conducted
in Kingsville by J. W. Noble,
Arner.

W. J. Donald, son-in-law of Richard

Bede, was the principal speaker at an
Important meeting of the Sarnia Cham:
ber of Commerce, Monday niglit. Mr.
Donald {8 executive secretary of the
Chamber, of Commerce, Niagara Falls,
N. Y. He {8 an old Sarnia boy and in
the past flye years has made remark-
able progress along the lines of per-
manent business success In his chosen
vocation.
The infant child of Harry Crawford
died Friday, the 10th {nst. Services
were conducted at the home on Satur-
day by John Lannin with Interment in
Greenhill. cemetery'—Mrs. BE. Staddon
after spending
several weeks in Malden —Miss Clara
Staddon entertained a number of
young folks on Thursday evening in
honor of Corp. Leonard Colbear.

—A second hand square plano at
$15. . Reason for this price. no room
to store it. J. J. Brault.

Peter Major, aged twenty-one, of
Price, was drowned when skating on
Lake St. Clair, Sunday afternoon.

Canadian export shipments are ar-
rested.on account, it is stated, of can-
gestion in British and French ports.

The new scheme of war Eratuities
to replace post-discharge pay, and the
free thansport home of soldiers’ de-

¥
fo
: ie aod
Furniture Sold on Cash or Credit.

A. J. BURNS

PHONE 20,

a

         

SE

Murray Street. ARHERSTRERG

  
          
  

STOCK - TAKING NOW ON!

After seeing what lines of goods can be sacrificed, we
will astonish you with some SPECIAL SALES. Just
at present we are offering

      
  
   
 
  
  
 

   
   
 
 
  
 
     
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
   
  
  
 
 
   
   

 

    
   
 
  
 
  
 

 

     
    

 

        
    
   
  
   

Two Bargains in Heaters}

‘One Jewel Base Burner, and
‘One MeClary Famous Base Burner’
AT ACTUAL COST ah

To make room for other stock.

‘There ae no better stoves on the market than these
Ley will 300n £0 bodigel i000 He

   
    
   
    
  

 

 

 

    
  
  

The result of the recount by Judge
Hayes into the ballots cast at the last
municipal elections, going on at
Guelph since Tuesday. {8 that George
W. Walker, who was 19th on the- list,
is elected in place of D. Bennetto.
Thomas Watt Gregory, Attorney-
General of the United States since
1914, has resigned.because of ‘-pecun-
lary responsibilities,” and will return
to tho pragtice of law.” President
Wilson has agreed to his retirement
next March 4th.
Harry Lauder, the Scottish enter-

   
  
  
  
  
   
     
    
 
  
  

  
 
    

 

 
  
    
  

 

factorily Spamming his previous utter-
ance" in MM hich had been re-
sented by French on Bs and was.
not. molested or’ Suter! nied in"his |"
performance,

THE MARKETS.

! Friday, January 17th, 1019. - o third division of the
Flour, No. 1, per bbl $14 00 Ck R “be dem
io Prt a fo oh lured we \

: ref
par Pie a. 70 | tended.

    
   

 

   
 
 

 

 

  
