October Sot

i,

Sa

«

‘There is one word without which no
service can be successful. No trans-
action satistactory. Unpleasant sit-
uations are all solved by the one
word. No prosperity will prove per-
manent unless this one word is part
of the plan--it is the cordialfjvirtue
that holds the world in the Lightgof

God’s clear method and this one
word is, TR UTH. All-Wool Plain and Fancy with Shawl Collars
and plain V necks, large variety of colors

WwW. R. BOYCE & CO

Men's AllWool Pull-Over V.— Medium and
Heavy Weights....... py

MEN'S SWEATER COATS, in Brown Khaki |
. Navy and Red........ = ; §

OIL HEATERS

Just the thing for this time of year

bdebdrpdirbbbdedobb dob bd dob bbb

H HARROW. i ( WEATE Lora) AGENTS FOR

star
rer SOR BOSTON ROX ROR EE EEE SSS Ll Detroit News
C. F. Smith is iz Woodstock attend- Do yy World
ing the funeral of his brother's wife. . 7 ig
Miss Gillham «as on the siel list, Subseriptions taker for Magazines,

and Newspopers—Canadisn, British and
one day this week; and not able to pr te 2
teach.

Mrs. Henry Herdman Is picking THE SENTINEL STORE

full wg ripe raspberries from her
Lid Rah dl ADAMS BLOCK = HARROW.

The Epworth League starts on Fri-
day night with an appropriate Hal
lowe'en program .

There will be a special children's
service In St. Andrews English church
at 3. o'clock, No Sunday school.

Farmers are busy now harvesting
their cauliflower. which are not a very
good crop on account of drought.

The pickers were in the tomato
fields last Friday, and the ground
seemed covered with lusclpus fruit.

Alfred Thompson, of Windsor, spent
the week with his son Lennox, of the
Imperial Bank, Niagara-in-the-Lake.

Teachers and scholars of the High
school are preparing for a Hallowe'en

~ party in the school to-ni (Friday).
5 dim, Alvah or her
. ter, Mrs. J. S| F} th, at Royal
We still have a good showing of Stoves, Ranges, Heat-| Gui Nich. and rs. £6. Pearce. Walk:

Stove Board, Stove Pipe, Etc., but they're going fast. seville, 2 IINEDIR A

to Zero. Come in and | 1d time pastime of nutting. Wal
nuts and chestnuts were particularly
| plentiful:

The farmers of Harrow wear a satis-
fled air these days, but whether-it is
the price of tobaechb or the fact that
they now run the country. ‘nobody
knows.

A corespondent writes: “Some Har-
row folks are very busy—they are
building barns and outhouses on Sun-
days,- Nelghbors are complaining to
the Lord's Day Alliance."

An unfortunate quarrel arose be
tween two neighbors on Sunday,over
the grazing of a cow. RNisticuffs de-
cided that the said cow must not
forage on a neighbor's lawn.

The first real frost of the season
struck this district Tuesday nights dt
was severe enough to flatten tomato
vines, and form ice on water standing
in palls and other recéptacles.

The I. O. D. B. will hold their regu-
lar monthly meeting {n their rooms

oyer Darby's drug store on Thursday,
: Nhwember 6th, at 3 pmi It is hoped

Saves you coal. Gives you the heat

where you want it

Only a limited number of the Me-
Clary to be sold at the old price.

became, the bride of Leslie Anderson,
eldest son of D, W. Anderson. Rev,
L. W. Hill, B.A, performed the cere
mony In the presence of only the im-
mediate relatiyes. Miss Mary L. Ma-
lott played the wedding march. The
color scheme In the home was pink
and white, and the decorations ferns,
roses and chrysanthemums. The
groom's gift to the bride was a wrist
watch and to Miss Malott, the malds
or honor, Mrs. Campbell and Miss
Hawkes, gold bar pins. A sumptuous
dinner was served, after which the
happy couple left-by auto for Wind-
sor and thence to Winnipeg, with
many - good wishes and ‘loving fare-
wello, The bride's sult was of taupe
velour with hat to match and gold lace
trimmings and taupe fox fora,” D, W.
Anderson made a unique presentation

The next ones will likely be a
"Dollar More.

Give us your order now.

ers,
Don’t wait till the thermometer goes

pick out what you want now.

C. RICHARDSON & SON /

doller gold pleces to the bride as an
addenda to the ‘tokens of affection

ceremony. Mr. and Mrs:
will reside in the west.
The executive

HARROW.

| ETT IE DOERR EOE On
” :

+ Fresh Groceriesy

+ Close Prices, :
Real Service

What more can you desire
to make your table smile

gor, on Friday last.
attended.

+
hr
3
3
%
oo
*
+

Christian Soldiers” was

pipe organ.

Royal party, who

And keep your pocket book HEAVY.

erento eden cfrfertete dente

5
=
3
of
2
@
o
&
e
=
=
3
8
5
<
ce
pe
I=
®
@

then placed them on the altar.

pressive.

Sree doeebebiededeie bbe dbl ddd efork A os Will bo held In Tue a Plansiod for everyone. Young and old Fry's Cocoa—%-1b Hn Jrrivames 288 Bon Ami—cake or povider...... :
x S: pH = 1 : i : Pye ip urch next Sunday Juncheon at thathomis of Mrs. Bowlby. Bre irs I I hs Our Own Coffee Is fine.......... “5581 Jewel Exthacts.i.. 903 3950 250
>i 5 orning. lonal Program was | ex-Regent oO 0] indoor apter, 2 B . : A of rted >
A oe = p= ¢ OQ. : ' Intepduced last Sthday morning, and| where a delightful tine was spont. and dune. Mh LP ght Dalley's and Chase & Sanborn's..000| Wyandotte—por Pkg... . .gn. --..136
KS A full So stock of up-to-late SHOES at the lowest price-possible. tr conducted 3 TQ ay Wu be i Hg » en Mobacea Grower, what has | Instant Postum—30c tin only. ....28 | Laundry Starch—per a g XY 5
h J+ Heavy Waterproof Shoes for wet weather. 4 Referendum Sb ee resent *limade it possible for’you to regelve | He ie TE SRIITEALLE :
; I P 4. Children. Keep bb ! ; > 40c a pound: for Burley tobacco? Ang St iarles Milk, per tn..... +++ Ye | palm Olive Soap—per bar........126 :
A new line, of RUBBERS for Far Adi ? de de fob bE | EE | wor—The support Riven by. the. Peo: | oom, Pll oS ieliong’s London phok ia SEARLS
X your feet warm and dry and avo Winter, Sox; and os | ¥ LABORERS \y 3 * "COLCHESTER SOUTH plo of Canadn to the former Victory : 41 n pack: | Heinz good Vinegar—per gallon. .45¢
ofe Big new- stock ‘of Flannalettes. Underwear, ton | is x R ANTED 3 DE vary Satdontt, 0 I's rage ive oo ar 12 2s § 5 :
J Sweators.” Fai) Neckties, Shirts, Collars Seariin, (CLC 0 Tk IE Avis TES £ | ttt rb biitibitbbbbitii bt | former loans lo coming back to you, %¢| _~!’ CORN SYRUPS A
Groceries, Canned Goods. Fruits at the low 5 L Yio hs with treble the Scriptucal promise. [Post Toasties........i:... ..2 far 25¢ oe] ; -
i Brean Te sell only FAIRFULS PURITY BREAD. i ep canADS Baad @, a. Ferriss. extensive auc-ly,, 4150 have the A AL ney A Lily Brand—tibs.. oor »
lh The Highest Price for Eggs. $ Lt. gmhersthyy, one. 3 (HOR Se o list In this issue. © [the world has ever, ssan. Do you Corn Flakes—Kellogg's waxtite pack-
1 i EE Sy HA Ep et otetek | Florence Shay spent Sunday in De-| HIER LL Cd ror 8.2 for 28 1 Pec Ht, $1.25
App roit. ity > 4 Eo y 2 Ie
oe A ‘MICH AEL : Farmers ° ore A be sly of Sond Comal) "Murs, J. B. Knapp ahd Mrs. McVey Phtsagh une ik Tabor wot Whaat Flikes—30c pKg...........286| Crown Brand=—2 IDs....i.éu.ecenns 30c :
3 L] 3 Phone 67 : the LITE Short He Yon Sie Shoring 3 hi days-With! friends this township, charged with seduction, | McCormick's big box Sodas—pack- X 46 Ma.............,.050
Into the MontEOMe;y house and it was| “The council sold the Potlake Road gus. vat the fecon, Nine ol hel. Mage : sacl 10 bs 1.1
| ae, now it 1s sold. into ime Earsiis tile drain to Robert Brookland at $5 3 gy ory ps indser. § TL Rh ¢ Ea Vue yards DEE EL Hel wrens servers 318
8 He is Beginning| pelow the estimate. . en ir rer a | McCormick's” Faney package. .....18¢] Salada Tea—per pound..........68c

to think it looks like 4 same of check-
ers: :

Gerald, son of Day
Stall, “ttle daughte; Cop Foe |
flemire. were taken {5 pata] Dieu dur-
ing last week and UQgaroent success-
ful operations for thy remgval of ade-
noids nd tonsils. They are under the
care of Dr. J. D. foling and are im-|.
proving nicely.
The Qualls Canners closed their
factory Tuesday syaning after a most
snoessiy] onsop Their good-bye | day:
was s2‘d with 8 Viajearous’toot of their )
Iw baptism, sacrgmental an
whistles and Tieng of: bells.: - The: aptism ery

noise excited eve "charge.
who thought it HY ib the Tillage, A horse belonging
| sorry to Had lo factory close, as

i employ Son deal of local labor

v8

the saasol, i lot at ongy during
No wonder Jing iy the “Banana
Belt” Is ineredsy, o yy vaiye, since the.
that many farmers make the | district has all'ypa” on teristics; of
tho Sunny Souli’” yrs" Gordon Fox:
has been picking Jirgo ripe luscious

Owing. to the death of

~

for there has been*called off. 5

year,

mire.

jured its

fe. » .

mals
+ Fran]

i

day. Olark
mettle and’ mas

The experience of tractor owners shows

mistake of buying too small a tractor, t satisfactory

s proved to be the mos ;
ho THREEPLOW Ae. i“ ne eta practically the same as o smaller | zaspberries for the pust tnee weeks,
size for gene far it accomplishes a great deal more work at less ex- {and if angther °F of mild weather
und legs Dpyeriul > aerating costs, There are few farms. where a smaller | would con on large crop would
pense forlabor and op tory for field work, and none where it would bef come to pe - This is the first
tractor will prove more satisfactory gime a second crop jas gttained such

a5 satisfactory for belt operations. extraordinary propo
rtions, as she has

F. E. SIN ASAC a

meals,
k HARROW.

4+ Expect a carload of

Also there aro 40

Saturday,

Readmon. A
Buy Victory

Mrs, 3. B. McDon;

tle McDonald were Hd
cellaneous shower }
"I Clarence Bondy, at

and Miso Myr
;urtgoses at a mis-

hy

n honor of Mrs:| it comes to a project requiring or

ization and skill, and the new Vi

of the men of the. district.

+

nty friends spent a
Bmoon during which

Herrng. chilrman
The bride | ;

“The

: ; TBACH NIGHT SCHOOL. Be
: TENTION TO OUR DAY SCHOOL STUDENT.
VE Ce as Maxwall Motor Co, Postum Coe ware CO. |

«

We Get Trade Through Our Close Prices and hol
jt Through the Merit of Our Goods. re

WARM SWEATERS FOR THE COLD WEATHER

$4.50 to $12

- THE ECHQ IS THE OFFICIAL PAPER OF THE TOWNSHIP OF OOLOHESTER SOUTH. { *

of on decorated box filled with twenty-

which she had received prior to the
Anderson

committee of the
Harrow Chapter of I.O.D.E. were glv-
en complimentary tickets to witness
thé depositing of the colors of the
99th Battalion of Essex by the Prince

of Wales in All Scints’ church, Wind-
Seven members
The procession formed at
the door of the church, including the
surpliced choir from little boys of 10
years to grey-haired men and women,
then the commanding officers bearing
the colors, and returned soldiers both
{n‘uniform and without,.all marched to
their places while the hymn “Onward
sung most
henrtily to the strains of the grand
After a few minutes in-
terval the band played “God Save the

King, announcing the arrival of the
marched up. the

‘ \ aisle. The Prince, a handsome, pleas-

HARROW the members will all be present. ant boyish-looking fellow, then geve

MAC HALS I EAD 7 The rain has made ft bad for motor-| the colors to the rector, after suitable
’ . GROCER ing_this- week. Michael's  delivery| prayers-and ginsing ofs hymn, whol

= ; 0)

ceremony ‘was most solemn and im-
At ‘the close of this ser-

Charley)
Hicks, sr., the auction sale advertised

Peter Iler is {aillig fast at Hotel
Dieu, having lapsed into partial un:
consclousriess. Mr. Iler is in his-39th

Mrs. Smith; of Chatham, is. visiting
with’ her sister, Mrs. Frank ;Martin,
and with her’brother, Ernest TToffle-

Zion Methodist church ‘services, Sun-
2 p.m, Sunday school; 3 pn,
id. reception

to Wm. Affleck
developed lockjaw from haying in-
foot with gravel. “ Dr. Spar-
ling was called in and saved the ani-

Miller held a successful auc
tion Bale on the Jenner farm, Wednes-
Atkin were on thelr
eo things hum, « Mr.
Miller intends taking a trip to thé*Old
Country, and may remain over there.
apples hére a

week from Friday. All those who
have ordered apples be ready to re-
ceive them from cnr efther. Friday or
oxXtri

barrels for those who desire apples
and have not ordered before. John

Bonds.—Col chester \
| South usually puts it over strong when

ory |
Lonn push challenges the best offorts
At a re-

cant meeting, vunmittees” were form-

Se HOW ABOUT THAT OVERCOAT ? :

Hav'ent you been promising yourself an Overcoat for the Winter ?
Isn't it a necessity. The purchase of which you can’t put off much
longer! Why, not buy it NOW and wear it THESE COLD
EVENINGS ?* Where will you getit ? There are only two or three
things really to be considered. Is price an object to you Would
you like an OVERCOAT that has fit and style to recommend it 2
and that will'look and wear like one made for you. If sothereisa
place where your wants will be'met, and that place is :

$5.50
$6.00

OF

sebeelecle shel oeobeberlplebrdebe obo bobbed ob boob

Btd., Amherstburg, Ont.

3 : y
i wm) NEW BOOKS!
4s Apply— 4 EE -~ 9 “om
i BRUNNER, MOND CANADA, —— :

Et During the long nights now coming you will
in :

Verne Levergood Is visiting
A

Walkerville. :
Hilda Deslippe spent over Sunday A

ith her sister, Mrs. Charl : ro
with hor sister, Mrs. Charles Fawdry. | W= have TWO HUNDRED NEW BOOKS, just in, to choose
ah from, all of the most popular writers.

tended the plowing demonstration In
You will find many books among these that will please you

do more reading.

Chatham, last week.

Mrs. Ira Brush has returned home
after spending a few days with rela-
tives In Windsor and Detroit.

Mr. and Mrs, M, Deslippa returned
home on Monday from spending a few
days with relatives in Windsor,

Mrs. George Aggas and son, of Rod- 3
ney, are spending a few days with DRUGGIST
her parents, Mr, and Mrs. Ira Brush.

St. Alban's Guild meeting will be
held at the home of Mrs. Charles
Lypps on Wednesday afternoon, No-
vember 6th. .

Stanley Jenner sold “his farm ol
the’ 7th concession to Ed. J. Goulin,
and will move to his father's farm at
Vereker, which Frank Miller is leav-
ing.

Holy Communion will be adminis:
tered at Christ church, Colchester, at
11 a.m., next Sunday, and at the morn-

MADAM. HOLSENTEE i JB. USHA
odin ATTENTION, PLEASE!

There will be a necktie social at the : a
residence of) Mrs. Obedinh Clingman Have you learned that “THE HOME OF GOOD EAT he sconomy sel

on the evening of November 6th, for .
of the A, M. BE. Zion | store? Has your neighbor not yet told you of our ability to stretch Dollara?

E. F. DARBY, HARROW

. OPTICIAN STATIONERY
NOTARY PUBLIC .

the benefit y ;
church. All are’ invited.

Misses Mary Pollard and brother | made possible by our reduction of expenses and the adoption of the CASH
Raymond spent pover Sunday with 3 A in :
OR PRODUCH ON DELIVERY SYSTEM, It is, if you have not examined our

her brothers in Detroit. Patrick Pol-
prices, time you were copducting a personal investigation. These prices may =

lard, who had one of his limbs: brok-
en n few weeks ago, 18 getting aleng
nicely.

Walter Atkin is advertising an auc-
tion sale for Monday, November 17th, | coma in and buy to fully realize that we are provi 3
Mr. Atkin having dispbsed of his farm, > ¥ Gproviding a maximum of yalus at
bought the John Vincent place’in Har-| 8 minimum of cost.
how some time ago, but will not move
to the village until the 1st of March

glve you an idea of typical values that await you here, But you will have to

next. Shortening, Swift's Best—per 1b,.32¢| Molasses—per tin.......... aay wen 12e
Fishermen along the lakessliore are : 2 . $

riot meeting with much success go far | Basifirst—per carton ....... .....25¢c | Pumpkin—large can...... ceennaniile

this season, due, it is thought, -to the | 3 r

warm weather. Six. whitefish are re-|Crisco—1b tin....... rh RE ago | Tongue, Ham and ao s

ported as being the largest catch at i Fos Sliced Smoked Bee: > {

any, one time. 3-1 tin... Te. chairs ele v..$010) pHicet—por rr 230
Seeded Ralsins—large pkg.....y..23c-

Do Tot forget he Hallowe'en’ mas-
querade party, to be given on Friday | Cheese—Fine medium—per
evening. October 31st, under: the aus-
pices of the Navy League in Woodman
Hall. »An old fashioned good time is

b..,.34c Lemmonin—per pKg..........

Cheese—Fancy. old white—per 1h.38c Clark's Peanut Butter—per Ib

moved’ for’ Increase of bail - bonds.
Crown Attorney Rodd declared hé had
placed them ht $500 and it had_held.
When Mr. Pike pressed, Crown Attor-
nye Rodd consented to an * [ncrease,
which was set by Justice Kelly at $1,

000. Barrister F. W. Wilson, for the (} ] [']

defense, satisfled the conditions, and |. A ps

be casé was then traversed to the| “Home of Good Eats” HARROW

geasions of the County Court in ‘De
Read This List! 23

cember, i »
- Mr. and Mps. Wilson ‘Ford were
Then See Me for Prices:
All I. H. C. Implements

‘very sadly bereaved on Friday when
Tractors a specialty

their Son Harold died suddenlygat
"noon. ‘after being Jl only a few. days
with «appendicitis. Harold suffered
an attatk somo time ago, but it yleld-
ed to -medical trentment without the

Doherty Organs Also Tractor Disc Harrow

Singer; Williams, Raymond and White | Chatham Wagons ioe | pik

Sewing Machines “o» : Wm. Gray Sons’ Buggies »
; FOR SALE. DeLaval, Lily and Magnet Cream Sep»

1 good‘Waod Land Roller in good con- |’ arators 9

RIS

Phone 6 .

Columbia Grafonolas
Gerard Heintzman Planos

necessity of an operation. Wednesday
taken il} *at
= dition * SPECIAL PRICES.
2 Disc Harrows (used) 2 A fow odd lines to clean out.
Some good Wecond-hand Separators and Sewing Machines: on-hand.

JOHN READMAN
" Phone-88 Cg HARROW

x

FARMERS CO-OPERATIVE, ASSOCIATION

coming from Misa
S. 8. No, 6. Ff

= | afe to
aso

JUST ARRIVED. CA
"SALT, BULK STOCK SALT,
