  
      
 
  

   
   
 
  
  
  
 
     

.

: Typical of the new uplift tendency
(the display.

Ribbon is very much to the fore—yards ‘nd
used sparingly in cleverly poised hows:

| w. R. BOYCE & co

THE ECHO IS THE OFFICIAL PAPER OF THE TOWNSHIP OF OOLCHESTER SOUTH. -

 

 

A

guests drop in for a meal; that
you have an insdfficient quantity
of cutlery and silver to fo y
set the 1 Wo hue i
est grade cutlery in woria—
and in silverware a lina of quad-
ruple plate that has no

A The Housewt!s | ho keeps
shinin t iture too.
Er Ey TE

/

¢

OG

and refuses all substitutes for this Polish of

that tens the home

ay
= complete confidence, finest
Furniture. 18 all izes, freca the 25 bottle
up te the $3.00 can. :

'‘NY¥ILLVd ANOT0D A710 S¥I90Y
COMMUNITY ADAM PATTERN

 

nm om sm fall orders.
I v . bert, who had some exper-|Puffed Wheat ......... vole 15¢ it!
: Ho sand read “The Home of| well pleaded with the program. To and Lambert, who had some exper-jtufled Wheat .................. a to efit\as soon as you heat..,.
| SEE OUR LINES a sig aud Ton. Naame of night (Friday) will be a popular illus- fence In: ox-driving in the Canadlan Anericen cha £01 \ ; 305
) OF i watch for an important announcement] trated lecture on “Sails, Skates and |lumber woods, took charge of the crit- a ream 0 heat— Onions—cholce Point Peles #tock—
: ROGER’S 1847 [ next week. Showshoes,” by the pastor, who spent fms snd tugged the cannon thicteen Justiin Lo. ie hes 280 per peck ......... Shy 75¢
] VUL Miss Eva, Thompson. local librarian, | eleven years in Newfoundland. eg:1nto camp. Qornmenl—yellow—3% Iba.....,..26¢ Jam—4-1b tin C 2
3 H AND : is In Toronto taking the librarian's ramp ps Ue ot Mra Ae Midian), Wile ; 8 th : 25g © Compouag foes 3 20
b D: t Ss A : » |—, Hoosaressssssnine Crab ceria raass oe §
! COMMUNITY PLATE ee LT, Ee Sate pl mriootor | Ontmaal— Mf tha 7st ssscoe dE Crubaphle Jolly. zvoeereees ool 008
, ‘ Mrs. Shepley Is home: again from i COLCHESTER SOUTH 1 ay our, ated ghe ad allowed 2 Aunt Jemima Pancake/Flour—just In— Macaroni and Spaghetti—largée pkes.,
® Western Canada, where she spent the | gg dededdibbpbidnbbbbbbrbbd od | Hi od : STi 2 ¥ e In bo good pancakes in a hurry....,22c only ...:, aa A .. 160
] past three months with her sons, Dr. - BE BRellor maclcing, wich she vag Seededs Ral .
\ Shepley and J. D. Shepley. Mrs. Earl Fox Is visiting In the city | 08 regularly. The two bottles stood |Seeceds ia sins—large pkg........23¢c Robin Hood Cream of Wheat—
LY The five months’ old son of a Polish | this week. side by side, contained about thei .. wane serup—qt. bottle 5c POLS PRE. [s oix soi h voles dele en en SSO
laborer at the Quality Canners died on|. Miss Margaret Craig is spending a ame quantity of liduid and wero sim. IG Sie SORE .
Wednesday ‘morning. andsthe body | week in the city. > ilar in size, so that the mistake Was |pBgking Powdor—try our own and you or ——— !
was gent to Highgate for burial. Mrs. Forest~ Cornwall is visiting |©A8y. particularly in the dusk. The will like {t—Ilarge ean........ 25¢ 5
emember the anniversary services| friends in Detroit. = ’ moment it happened she realized what - :
in the Baptist church on October 12th.| ®irs. Eliza Bell returned-home this she had done, and rushed to the home| Jollo—only ....... Sedeaaieaias + .12¢ COFFEE

‘BC. RICHARDSON & SON

 

 

Rev . H. McDiarmid, of Walkerville,| week after visiting, in the city. : : Go '
will be the preacher for the day. Mrs. Thomas od recov: | 8ton soon administered an emetic and | Honey—cholce: wéll-illed combs. .38 Dr Ca Saaborts:
The B. M. E. church quarterly meet-| ered from an attack of bronchitis, called a_physiclan. to whose treat. Molasses—2 cans 25 © not be induced to try Our orn
} ing willbe held om Sunday, September| Mrs, Gdorge Atkins, ‘of Detroit, is Dot Mrs. Michael soon responded Gl Ea EY 72280 Special ;Blend—1-1b; ‘tins 65c
“i HA RROW. 28th. Services at 11 am, 3 p.m. and | tlie guest of her sister, Mra. Clarence and Insthe course of a couple of hours | Roya) Yenst Cakes—only..........6c fo 3 i elic
‘ : : : 7.30 pm. Thomas Woodcock, pastor.| Wright. y was out of iT Wooo th % : OUR "OWN SPECIAL BLEND COF- ..
” ” oe riofoleefrfofesftfefordoey Allard Invhed ; . |. Harold Knapp has‘ been - visiting a Ey Shi Ociober heese—finest “quality—per 1. ...38¢ FEE witha host of friends; ground- ©
sfeeforfifoctestorfosfoefosforfocfertecdects . F. Dar eft W < i ’ , ( {
" : ¥Y Wednesday morn-| with friends and relatives in Detroit Fair. In addition to the young men’s |Black Cat Polish:.......... 178 daily and Mas a flavor that has

3 v a si a {
. Mack's Grocery
Is not very Big, but it gives you the service you
pay for, in nothing but fresh, well assorted. Groceries,
at prices just a little closer than my competitors.
Keep our Phone busy. That's what it is for.

MAC. HALSTEAD

HARROW
GROCER

A

i

 

   
   

 

orwear, Como and see
Fleece-Lined and Wool-

izes.
i our Sloe Dept. for bargains in Footwear. A full, up-to-date

stock at the lowest prices. All sizes and styles for Men,“ Women and

Eve a’‘new supply of ‘Blankets—all kinds and colors—Wool—

Cotton, Towelling, Dry Goods of all kinds. :
os ica and enjoy your meals. Delivered fresh every

day. aries, Fruit, Candy.
Wi y roe We pay the highest price for Eggs an

A MICHAEL, rie

 

d Butter. -
= =
Farmers’ Store
HARROW.

 

 

 

ofefeniacfsnfecfocfactonforferfacieefantortecfecfertert:

ooo

 

ferlerhebootesissionioefocfacfrsieciorioct

    
    
 
 
  
  
    
  
    
   
    
  
  
   
  
  
   
     
  
  
    
     
  
 
   
  
 

a TRIMMINGS follow the line of the hat—Feather, Fringe, Plumes and Wings.
' ¢

Raa Ahan AD
+

{ HARROW. , }

BL a a0 oe a 2 oh i lh

Miss Benlnh Quick is visiting in the
city.

Miss Annie Foster still
very poorly. :

Mrs, T. B. Adams has retu
visiting friends in Hamilton.

Miss Mary Foster. of Walkerville,
is visiting her brother, David Foster.

Migs Pearl Mackenzie has taken a
position in Brookland's tailor ‘shop.

Mr. and Mrs. Alex, Buchanan are
visiting at Mac Meston's, Goodrich,
Mich.

Miss Beulah Ferriss Is taking a
course of lessons In elocution in De-
troit. \

Mrs. A. Harris’ has returned from
an extended visit in Barrie and other
Ontario points. y
~John Wilson has some
flowers, some ‘heads weighing 6
and measuring 13 inches across.

Everybody should hear B. L. Oaten
speak on the coming referendum in
the Baptist church on Sunday evening
next.

J. H., Madlll picked a bushel of to-
matoes from four plants. He also made
a record by picking a bushel in four
minutes

1. Laird, of the P. M. station, went
to St. Thomas on Saturday and passed
his examinaifon in telegraph oper-
ating. «

William Brookland returned on Fri-
day from Toronto, and reopened his
tailor shop Saturday, going strong on

continues

rmed after

large sun-
Ibs,

ing to motor to Toronto to see his
His
accom-

mother, who 8 Very’ poorly.
brother-in-law, Mr. Matthew,
panied him as far as London.

W..R. Boyce, Ross Flood, F. H. Fer-
riss, A. B. Herring, John Birch and I
E. Webster joined a large class of

 

Scottish Rite Masons, going to Hamil-|>

ton this week'for gpecial degree work.

The ladies of the Presbyterian
church, are requésted to meet at the
home of Mrs. John Wilson next Wed-
nesday evening, Oc¢iober 1st, to com-
plete arrangements for thé Fair din-
ner. >
The Referer dum Conymittee of No.
4 Division are #iying an- entertain-
ment’ on Tuesday night, September
30th, in the schoy] roomsef S. 8. No.
6. Admission 25¢ and l6c. Fveryone
Invited.

Services in tha Baptist church on

Oaten, «county OFganizer for the On-
tarfo Referenduni Committee, will oc-
cupy the pulpit 4t the evening service.
Everybody welctma, =

‘Miss Bertha Ainer, of Buffalo, is
gpending a couplg of weeks with her
parents, Mr. aiid Mrs. Gordon Arner.
Miss Arner 18 chief chemist In one of
the largest lie cream manufacturing
establishments [pn Buffalo.

The Presbyterian Indies are arrang-

for itself as a BUGgags, and as chicken
pie ts on the bij} of fare for dinner
the second” day, that ought to be a
drawing’ card. . Come and bring your
family. > :

The Clark {13 18 getting more to do
than it can hgpaja, = The bumper orop
of tomatoes Ig piving work for every
man, WOmAR ung ¢hild available. The
company 18 PAYin eight cents 0 crate
for picking, and sp that some of the

 

   
     
  
   
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
 
  
  

    
  
  
 
 
  
 
    
       
  
  
   
  
      
         
        

Sunday at 11 am, gnd 7:30 p.m, B. L.|

 laneous shower Friday for Miss Mar-

ing for the Fair dinner, which speaks

    
  
    
   
    
   

 

TERSTBURG

A" DEFINAIE LINE

fl 9, b| " ; !
T heres Sathing Sd on hesitating about the New Hus. Bold, sweeping curves, the dash and assurance of the Days of Victory are revealed
in every clever line, and the wearer faces the world secure in the knowledge that her hat accentuates her “Good Points”,

> -
In the Millinery world is the Debonair Hat, the artistically draped Beret and the wide Cavalier are here in

yards of Narrow Ribbons used in-jantastic ways, and the Broad Moires and Plain Silks are

GAMES \

For the long evenings at home

» Playing Carde—2Bc, 3Bc, BOG
Chooker Boards and Men Authors
Dominoes Nations
. Parcehsi Lost Heir

THE SENTINEL STORE

ADAMS BLOCK = HARROW.

 

 

 

 

Frank Clark's car. While little dam-
age was done because other drivers
took special care to stop quickly, the
situation had all the elements neces-
sary for a serious accident, It's time
for “No Parking” signs.

The church festival has been a com-
plete success. apart from the weather
on Sunday. Rain fell all day and at
night the lights were out of commis:
slon. Notwithstanding these drawbacks
there were good congregations at both
services and the offerings amount-
ad to nearly $160. "Rev. J. WeHIbbert,
delighted the large itenglion Mons
day night, and the Essey”Male Quar-
tet was a distinct tredt. Tuesday
night the choir concert drew a large
house. Byron.  Eede opened the pro-
gram with a plano solo, for which he
received an encore. The choir gave
four selections In good volce., Miss
Keiffer was very entertaining In her
role as elocutioniat, and Miss Ives, the
violinist, took the audience by storm.
She has been booked for a return en-
gagement for the Fair concert. Miss
Beulah Ferriss received an encore for
her reading. he audience seemed

for several days. - 3

The Ladies’ Guild of St. Alban's
church will meet at Mrs, Adrien Lev-
ergood’s next -Wednéaday.

The council meets Saturday after-
noon as a .court of revision on the
Watson Iler drain extension.

Mrs. Clém Foreman and family have
returned from Van Wart, Ohio, where
thby spent two yeeks With relatives.

Be pure and rend “The Home of
Good Eats” advt. on this page, and
watch for an important announcement
next week, 4 x

Uncle Peter Wright, who has just
turned 88, remains in poor health,
much’ to the distress of his many rela:
tives and friends. |

Zion Sunday school will be with-

drawn next Sunday.” Rally service at
3 p.m.- Speakers: Mrs. Russell Balk-
will and Henry Atkin.
Wm, Menzies, Amherstbarg, is ad-
vertising an extensive auction sale of
,household furniture for Saturday, Oc-
tober 4th. See list in thid issue.

Mrs. W.D. McVey Ia giving a miscel-

  
    

garet, Craig, whose marriage to Jos.
Wright is announced for an early date.
Milton Coates and trustees wish to
thank ‘the’ public for ao. kindly re-
sponding to- their call: at ‘the picnic
held September 18th at Central Grove,
which was,a decided success.. Total
proceeds $41.20, same to be applied to
church’ debt, 5S ht
,Mr.. and Mrs. Percy Winters were
accorded a reception at the home of
her parents, Mr. and Mrs. ‘Adolphus
Bondy, Locust Grove, Thursday even-
{ng of Inst week, when a large number
of their friends gatherad from the
nelghborhgod and showered them with
gifts. It was an enjoyable and long-
to-be-remembared social event.

of Gordon Johnston, where Mrs. John-

 
  

   
   
  
    
 
   
    
    
   
    
    

   
   
       
      
     
   
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
    
    
   
     
 
  
   
 
 
   
   
   

  

    
 
  
   

ECHO.

ay

Show Room, and is now ready to recewe and
cater tothe wants of all EARLY BUYERS.

 

 

Oscar Knapp, of Windsor, who has
ben {ll for some time with Grave's
disease, had to undergo an operation
for goltre at Hotel Dieu, and is getting

along nicely.
Fair night concert, this year, will

be in charge of the Presbyterian lad- |,

foes. They have secured the services
of Miss Ives, violinist, who took the
village by storm this week; Mrs,
Harold Chope, -reader, and George
McDonald, Windsor, singer of Harry
Lauder songs, in addition to other
special talent, which ought to ensure
a bumper house,

Thanksgiving for the - blessing of
harvest will be held (D.V.) on Sun-
day, the 5th of October, in Christ
church, Colchester-on-the-lake. This
is not an advertisement, but rather an
invitation. Come and join with us
in the old service of prayer, praise,
thanksgiving and giving. We have

no speclal drawing ticket on our pro-| DRUGGIST

gram. Just the same old prayers and
hymns and the same old gospel of the
grace and love of God. -A thankoffer-
ing is looked for from God's people,
according as he has blessed them.
Morning service at 11 a.m.; evening

at 7.30.

Speaking of a banquet for returned
soldiers and their wives at the Met-
tawas recently,” tive Kingsville Re-
porter Telates the following about .one
of the guests, a veteran of South
Africa: “One of the boys, Lambert
Wigle, now of Colchester South, with

a scouting party came upon a small Fresh Post Toastles

company of Boers driving four yoke

of oxen attached to a fourteen-foot Shredded Wheat Bjscuits; per pkg,.15¢c

cannon. The Boers took to thelr heels

judging’ competition, which is adver
tised on the bills, the sports committee
will put on three trials of speed as
follows: A 2.20 class at 2 p.m.. purse
$76, divided as follows: (1st, $36; 2nd,
$26; 3rd, $156.. A 2,50 class purse of
$50 divided 1st, $26; 2nd, $16; 3rd,
$10, Farmers’ green race, purse $26,
divide: 1st, $12; 2nd, $8; 3rd, $6. No
entry fee in.any of the races, but own-
ers must become members of the So-
clety, which is only $1. Everything
points to one of the biggest and best
fairs in the history of the 'Soclety,
judging from the inquiries made eof
the secretary for space.pnd reserva-
tions. Lay off work thisiday at any rate.

The marriage of Miss Meryl Snider.
daughter of “Edward Snider, of this

township, to Roy” Kimball, sow of T.|

W. Kimball, of Malden, was solémn-

ized at the Malden Methodist parson-| has so long been associated with us, has severed his connection and we are un-.
age by the Rev. O. L® Spracklin, on jiable to find a successor.

Tuesday of last week. The bride look-’
ed charming in a navy blue suit and
wore. hat to’mageli. She was attended
by her friend, Miss Lamar MacDonald,
while Ivan Kimball, brother of the
groom, was best man. Mr. and Mrs.
Kimball were tendered a raception at
his home on Wednesday night. Yes-
terday (Thursday) afternoon she was
the guest of honor at a miscellaneous
shower given by Mrs. John Butler and
Mrs. Gerald Brush at the home of
Mrs. Charles.Littl#, she being the re-
cipient of many beautiful and useful
gifts. They are living with Mr. Kim-
ball's parents for the present. ,

Miss Vera Klle. writing from Para-|

dise Inn, Rainier National Park, where
the flowers and glaciers meet. Mount

   
   
   
   
      

ft, Paradise Inn fs 5,667 feet above
sei. April 16th the Inn was buried in’

SEPT. 26th and 27th.

 

Miss E. Bissett is again in charge of our

 

    
  
 
    
 
   
 
   
  

the service.

of great consequence to every housekeeper In South Essex.!

 

Rainier (2nd highést in .U. 8S.) 14.979 ©

: Harrow.

 

AN OPPORTUNITY!

You could not have.a better chance than right now to help your chick-
ens along through moulting and keep them laying, by feeding them rogularly
with HESS' PANACEA. They need it to keep up thelr strength through the
trying period of moulting. . - =

Also look to your hogs. Nothing will pay you better than to push them
along with INTERNATIONAL HOG FATNER. It is a wondorful tonlé to

hogs, Why it will save you bushels of grain by bringing them up fat so much
sooner. Get a pail right away.

 

E. F. DARBY, HARROW

OPTICIAN \ STATIONERY
NOTARY PUBLIC i

Our Prices Pay Dividends

 

 

0) »

.14c Clarks’ Irish Stew—Is surely good too
PAR HR... i sotetels desea +. .808

Clark's, Beefsteak and Onjons—ready

 

 

 
 
  
   
   
  
   

built a reputation—per Ib.%..60c

Bluck Knight, Nugget, 2 In a, Pack-

Rice—fancy rice js very scarcé—try.
%_ard's polishes 13c; 2 for 250 > oe

our big clear special.,........22¢

“Home of-Good Eats” 1 HAREOW - Phones |

 

 

  
   

Announcement.

Circumstances compel the removal of our wagons.” Mr. F. B. Martin, who :

The expense of conducting this country delivery
system has ever been increasing.until at the present time it is not paying as
It should for the amount Invested, the work connected with jt and the cost of
We have. recently been estimating the cost of operating these
wagons and discover that it is enormous. The labor situation too Is very
serious and we have been doing business with Inadequate help. We are take
ing Mr. Quick’s wagon off the road and’ discontinuing the wagon sen
altogether, but we are adopting a brand ‘new policy that will bb in keeping
with the popular and insistent demands of a great many buyers. .Commenciyg
September 29th, there will be no wagdns on the road. However, it will
you: to continue patronizing “The Home of Good Eats.” We specialize and
carry a stock and you will do ‘well to_bring your produce. in’ and”have your ~*~
grocery and: provision orders-fillad from a stock of the finest merchandise at
greatly reduced prices. “ Don't fall to read the very Important announcemant .
which will appear on this page next week. Something startling. Something.

 
  

 
  

 
  
  
   
 

 

  
 
  

  
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
  
  

  

   
 

  

  
  

 
  
 

”

     
  
  
   

       

\

Then See Me for Prices:* Tagan

    
       

SNOW. Bach year the ski tournament
opens July lat; lots of" tobogganing
done early In July after . snow is
melted enough so people can get up to

    
  
  

  

      

‘boys are earning 75 cents an hour.

5“ Charles Quick fearly lost two fin-
gers of his left hand one day last

  
  
    
 
   
  
 
     
 
    
      
  

Lorne Murray ibited a pair of
ferrets and also & pair of black Si-
bérian hares at the Sch Fair on

    

All I. H. C. Implements
Tractors a specialty er
‘Also Tractor Disc Harrow

Columbia Grafonolas -
Gerard Helntzman: Planos
Doherty Organ

   
   
    
 
   
    
    

C79
i
——
—
—
—
Co

     
    
     

     
     

         
    
   

      
 
  
   

   
 
   

 
      

    

      
  
    
   
     

  
  
   
   
   
  

   

    
  
 
  

     
  

   
 
    
  

      

 
 

 

 

   
   
 
 

    

  

Yar use, Taine Junmed by a barrelfof Wetudalay. poise pericin fora Inn, very cosy here, bigfireplace with (Singer, Williams, Raymond’ and White Chatham Wagons
5 ni Es rated: the or ay were Re iu] ratters, and were sold to the proprie-| 1082 burning and. electric heaters in| Sewing Machines = Wm. Gray Sons’ Buggies . | &
__An. a LL By Car off ie flash and mete] tor-of a summer ho'el at Summersthe rooms, warm in mountains In sun} FOR SALE." . DelLaval, Lily and Magnet Cream Sep-
nl RS Sis =F 7 bo some time 9 b 9, AD bow side, P.BL, for a fancy price, cool {n shade, 1 just returned from |1 good Wood Land Roller in good con-{ - arators  .« - Ham BCS
SRT Wii =) $ mand Setorg-he can. uae;that “The annive of the A. M. H,|Alssks Inst week. No’ pfoturo or de-| dition ns SPECIAL PRICES.
2 li pr 0, IH Hii ill Ini [Py SS) “The 1O.DE. ill hold thelr regular| church wil hol And 1 Grove 8cription ever canjdo that land of the|2 Disc Harrows (used) = = = A few odd linea to clean out.
®3= Ww 10 ot il oN | i SF es 5 | monthly Theeting t regular on Sunday, October 19th, ere wil] midnight sun justice. I brought back| Some. good second-hand Separatorsand Sewing Machines on hand. =
~ ALT HA Af vo | Darby's drug store on ‘Thursday, Octo. also. be an opening afi the. decor- alt etn 2 lg i i» Issuer of Marriage Ligonses. inh
Lor ER 5 fla /~"Iber 2nd. “AX members are requested|stion of the church on Monday. even-| ¥ fm be ete ak EE aga En eT are
OCW v ©) fo AY > / to. he present. gs Mra. ‘Bowlby. of| Ing, October 20th, under the manage: Aagks 1 sald do he-ghs of | the Sent “TN; : RE. ; Via:
TAN art \} Vr i < "4 ..|'Windsor, Is Sxpected and will give a ost of Mis; Alzors Day and others. | 5 thin Se Petar i] SE AV - INL J Ph
NTH v i roport.of, the convention neld in OtfEul particulars later, Wm. week, then (o48an Francisco. Willl Phone 88 ~~, HARROW
35 | tava, which will be both interesting}. >i | probably. spend inter in 1.08.An- | ne 86 a oom Meshal
gz “land instructive, ‘so pleass remem or x high ; » on; or Lhave a poniton th An =
‘| the. date. sulgeas on panday, w > zine. Co.” called “Call

le | , % 3 = oa

ung Inds nearly caused a riot| fourteen: mmo
sont in Sunday night by| married to Miss
, fast driving on the[ before gotag! wi

his, welcome home
: o and: his bride have. go
‘Clemens to vinit for some
hi ;, Ells

Its. Delights and Opportunt-
