    
  
    

November 14th
1S WAR MEMENTO] orm o rr 7

By-Law No. -.....

 

 

   
     
   
  
    
  
      
   
      
    

urg.

Public Square of Arras Is to Be

 

sued by respective
ommlgsion ; Munfelpalities fo
; r des
Preserved. A BYLAW to authorize a Gotan agreement made b (1) To kasp, observe and perform the covenants, provisos and condi- we Posit With the Come
tric Power Commision of Ontaor. Syms En etwas The Hydro-Elec- tions set forth in this agreement intended to be kept and observed and NAME OF MUNICIPAL posit with the Come
Town of Amherstburg, and other cipal Corporation of the performed by the corporntions, and to execute such further or other| "py TATION *

Just as War Left It, It Will Serve to

struztion, acquisition,
Remind the World That Here the

equipment and operation of

   

 

   
 
    
  
    
   

Sandwich East.....,. RE PE be .. -$260.050
Ee Saison, apm 0 i Township of Sandwich West. ,..,.. «.v 261 B
ory Tha fier oe re Ra lway Act, 1914,” and amendments thereto. ~~ (0) To furniffi*a free right of way for the rallway and for the power Township of Anderdon, , > 143.568 :
: Checked. and Te a rpudient that the Corporation of the Town of Amherstburg [18 of the Commission over any property of the corporations upon. being Town o ie ie yr
a Lather 3 Es pa Corporations should enter into an agreement under “The 50 requested by the Commission, and to execute such conveyance thereof Town of Sandwict e. . 200,940
Hy eetric Rallway Act, 1914,” and amendments thereto, with the Hydro. OF tfresment with regard thereto as may be desired Mohd Sonunlssion own o iibway. sn
In the Little Place of Arras, where Blegtric rower Commission of Ontario, hereinafter called *tihe ANA | 3. It shall be lawful and the Commission fn hereby authorized. to erento own of Oliway.,..... 2 14515
: once stood the Hotel de Ville, with (ts hk constriction, acquisition, equipment and operaton of un Elootric OF ¢use to, be created an issu of bonds, and fo sell or dispose of the game fy EW er bur i ian
rs at Pe oF en is taj way In and thiough the Mubfepahty of the Toor of Amherstburg, anda ‘0 behalf of the corporations. Such bonds to be 6harged upon and’ secured [IY OF Windsor... CE oy M182 ond
Joyeuse, Is today d notlcebonrd (n Eng- certaly otter Municipalities, upon the terms and conditions and subject fo DY the railway, and all the assets, rights, privileges, revenues, works, Total amount of b , : : 3
| Jor oly Savard fo Tow: the provisions wet forth and: containing in the Agreement dot’ oay tifa By~ Draperty and effects bolonging thereto or held or used dn connection with im unt o bonds to be Issued mentioned in Clause 3, ..... $2,100.00 :
A ng Wo aw aw, and cearding to the routes set forth in Schedfite “A” to the said ihe raflway constructed, acquired, operated and maintained by the Com. :
on A . ornate tha SEAL J oS Slon Jn apr Mie Agveenlont, and to “be for the total amounts mentioned in TAKE NOTICE that the CAL true copy of i i
di Ea er BR my oat of the work under the said Agreement Schedule iereto attached; provided that the Commission may, * upon py of a proposed By-law

portion of the cost of the

@ to be borne by the Corpo

thurg is estimated at $126,
sald Agreement,

and will forget, but this Little Plpce
will remain empty, and one day Ar
ras will be more proud of that empti-
ness and of those few. broken stones
than’ are dfher towns of the most
beautiful things that they possess,

For so Arras will remain always, ns
it Is today one of the rocks visible
on which the great waters of Invasfon
broke, and surged and broke. gogain,
but could flow no farther, There they
were held. There [n the center of
Arras you come suddenly today on
the dark line of their highest tide.

Elsewhere, across the open country,
you ¢ome more gradually In the
land ‘of war, by roads where troops
move, by flelds where are lines dnd
lines of” brown and white" trenches,
ready but never used; by empty vil-
lnges, with here and there a house
broken; and 89 at last Into the great
No Man's Innd of France, uninhabited,
uninhabitable, where ' armies fought
ond fought again, until all is de
stroved and men live a gypsy life
by the rendside. But In Arras you
furn n cornemof one of the little
streets and ft 18 as If a window had
opened suddenly and you looked out
on war,

For three “venrs™ bne

acquisition and equipment of the lin
Municipality of the Town of Amhers
out In Schedule “B” to the
apportionment between the Corporations by
time, ag provided by the safd Agreement ; :

And whereas the total amount estimated to be require
tenance of the railway, apart from operating expenses,
operating revenue being estimated at $491,000.00), y
tenance at $339,000.00,

And whereas the total £nnual amount estimated
fod of ten years Immediately following the date of
fssued under the sald agreement for Interest on the said Bonds is $95
and for sinking fund charges. is $18,490.00, and for the
following the sald ten-year period for Interest is $95,766.

fund is $21,000.00, and for the period of ten years following
year period for interest 1s $12,660.00 and for sinking fund is
And whereas the portion to be borne b
of Amherstburg of the sMd ‘annual am
maintenance, sinking fund charges and Inte
for the first ten years as aforesaid, and for th
$16,148.83 and thereafter at $9,006.15, on the
the cost of construction and equipment, as afo
acd apportionment between the Corporations by the Commission from tim.
to time as provided by the said agreement;

And whereas the amount of the whole rateable prope
ation according to“the last revised
amount of the debenture debt of the Corporation is $73,227.48, of
neither principal nor interest {s in arrears;

Therefore the Municipal C
herstburg enacts as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for the
ond the sald Corporation is her
ageement with the Hydro-Electric Power C:
Corporations, the said agreement being her
part of this By-law, and the Mayor and Cl
authorized and directed to execute

ration of tk
867.00, as s

  

   
    
 
  
   
 
 

d for the maj
8 $134.000.00 (th
and operation and mij

    

  
 
     
  
 
  
  
  
     
     
  
   
 
 
   
    
  
   
   
     
    
   
   
    
    
    
   

1 to be required for the pe

 

$2,510.00.
y the Municipality of the Tow:
rest is estimated at $14,997.1

resald, subject to adjustment

ommission of Ontario and othe

   

could - only the sald agreement upon

  

      

enter Arras fram the west, by the Corporation and to attach the seal of the Corporation thereto,
road from Doullens through the Made. passed and entered this
Amiens gate-or by the road from

 

St. Pol past Dead Man's corner, where
nightly the reliefs, coming up, were
shelled. Beside both these roads the

  
   
 
 

 

3 trees stand, and the flelds are tilled This indenture made the day of Dat in
nnd there are woods ncrass the hills. | ihe year of our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and
You enter Arras today through a Between
. country unchanged by war. The -
change IS not yet. THE HYDRO-ELECTRIC POWER COMMISSION OF ONTARIO (here
1 08 SIlede town: Tis hagses Inatter called the "Commission”), of the First Part,

and

The Municipal Corporation of the Township of Sandwich East, the Town-
ship of Sandwich West, the Township.of Anderdon, the Town of Ford City.
the Town of Walkerville, the Town of Sandwich, the Town of’ Ojibway, the
Town of Amherstburg, and the City of Windsor, (hereinafter called the “‘Cor-

and,

though searcely one Is quite

Thelr shutters are closed—
broken faces bonrdied up. The
town fs llkoin man that sleeps after
long suffering.

   

f J porations”) of the Second Part,
No wou pass through cobbled Whéreas pursuant to the Hydro-Electric Rajlway Act, 1914, and amend-
recs. very gray, clean. silent !yents thereto the Commission - is requested” to fiuquire into, examine,
streets, between  thmse  exhansted

investigate and report upon the cost of construction and operation of an
electric railway or railways to he constructed through certain districts in
which the corporations are situatéd, together with the probable revenue that

louses, golng down thie Rue St. Au-
bert and by the white hospital with

 

Its green vine leaves, Then you | Would result from the operation of such. railway or railways;

turn up other little Streets. with And wherens the Commission has furnished tlie corporations with such

thelr narrow. sky above them and | 8 Teport showing® (1) the total estimated cost. operating revenue and
rn a pd IH expenses of the railway or railways, and (2) the proportion. of the

cone, very suddenly, en an open lane A

capital cost to be borne |
“B" attached hereto; . ° oh

And ‘whereas on receipt of the said” report the corporations requested
the Commission to construct, equip and operate a system of ‘electric rail-
ways (hereinafter called the railway) over the routes laid down in schedulls
“A attached hereto, upon the terms and conditions and fn the manner here:
in set forth; :

And whereas the Commission Tas agreedl with the corporgtions or
behalf of the corporations to construct, equip and operate the railway upon
the terms and conditions and in the manner herein set forth but upon

by each of the corporations®as set forth in schedule
th. bunks on elther side, where net- gn SE .

and coltsfoot and  loosestrife
But this that looks like a conn-
try lane Is cobbled, und Its banks are
heaps of brick,
It Is as you enfer this lane that
You are consclous of something more
mexpeeted and more awful than any

 

 

ruined and “brokens-things—of an | the express conditions that the Commission shall not in any way be liable
|; enormous emptiness (othe middle of [by reason of any error or omission In any etimates, plans or specifications
"hut town of tall houses and narrow | for any financial or other obligation or loss whatsoever-by virtue of tihs
strovis, agreement or arising out of the performance of the: terms thereof;

And whereas the electors of - each of” the corporations have assented
10 by-laws authorizing the corporations to enter into this agreement with
the Commission for ‘the construction, equipment and operation of the rail
way as. laid down in the said schedule, subject .to the following terms. and

4
When the years lhinve passed and
all the country to the east of Arrns
Nis long been made whole; when the

frets grow again beside the - Cam- | conditions: poss
hy and. the Bapuume roads and And whereas the Corporations have each Issued debentures- for the

thir fife cottages once more In Baan.
rill antl Remy and Vis-en-Artols,”
there will still he that sudden emp.
tinews heneath the sky among the nd.

amountsaiset forth in Schedule “B? attache.
sald debentures with the Commission; .
Now, therefore, this indenture witnesseth:;—=%"*
1." In consideration. of the premises and of the agreements of the cor-
porations herein contained, and subject to the provisions of the sald ‘Act

d hereto, and haye. deposited the

8,

   

#4 Tov streets of Arras, and smendmenys thereto, -the Commission agrees. with the corporations
ou Stmding there, men will remens. respectively —- i
ber thar once one could come Inty je (a) ‘To’ construct, equip and operate the railway through the districts
Arras only from. the west. They | jn which the corporations are situate on ‘behalf of the corporations; ” .
will tl nk of It then as of-ane Of (hb). To construct.amngl operate. the railway over the routes laid down in

Shedule “A”; = a
= (c) TO issue honds, as provided.in paragraph 3 of this agreement, to
cover the cost of constructing and equipping the railway; f
(d) To furnish as far as possible first-class modern and standard’ equip-
ment for'use on the raflway. to operate this equipment so as to give the best
sérvice and accommodation possible, having regard to the district served,
the type of construction and equipment adopted and all other equitable con-
ajtions, and to, exercise all due skill and diligence so as to secure the most
effective operation and service of the railway consistent with good manage-
mont; \ . . -
(2) To regulate and fix the fares and rates of toll to be col
railway for all classes of service;
(f) To utilize the routes und property of the railwa
from Which, it is possible to obtain a profit. Ba, 5
(8) TY combine the properly and works of the railway and the power
links of the Commission where such combination is feasible and may prove

those vowns;, now furdnlagd and sue.

® ron d by ‘quick felds,Favliich once
w the seashore. They “wily
Ie that gray ruln of the towy
hal nt the ruins of a great rock
where once the storms beat.

   

    

It Still Held Good.

>» Ade was talking about the
acl, He

George
high cost of living at Pahn Bes
sald:

“While a Palm Beach barber was
shaving me one day. I asked him If
he Lnew the significance of the red

lected by the

y for all purposes

  

‘ : hi oconomical {5 both the railway and the users of the power lines; .
and” white striped: pole outside. his (h) TO permit and obtain Interchange of traffic with other railways
ship. 1 2 . wherever posiihia and profitable; yo : ‘
do, sir,’ the barber answered. (1) To supply electric power or cnergy for Fhewation, of the railway at
Tht pole dates from: the duys when | yates consistent With hose charged to municipal corporations;
LT ore also surgeons... It means (J) ‘To apportioh annually the capital costs and operating expans: of all

 

pe
works, apparatus ang
mission's transmissloy, jines &n g, fair manner, havin
furnished by the eXBhjgjiure under consideration;
_.(k)" To apply {jie revenue derived from operation of.the railway hnd any
other revenue deriyeq from the tindertaking to. the payment of ‘operating
expenses (Including sjectrical power), the cost of administration, and annual
«harges for interest yng sinking fund on the monoy Invested, and such other
deductions 48 are Nirain provided for; » T
(1) To set a8lde from’ any revenue thereafter remaining an apnual sum
for the rehewal of 40Y works belonging ‘in whole or in part to the upder.|
ng; J %
tod tm) To pay OVE: annually to the corporations, if deeme
the Commission In the (raregts of the undertakings any surplus th
remain after providing for the- {tems above mentioned, ~The division of

) >
guch surplus be!

plant used by the raflway in common with the Com:

'
thir the bagher bleeds his customers. g regard to-the service

“So saying the mun handed me a
check for G3 cents. :

“ANell wel? sald Lo Sixty-five
vents for a shnve, eh? Whatever you
dn, my friend, don't take down your
pale

  

. =

      
   
   
   
    

 

     

Defining an Imprecsicn.
“So you're on the whter wagon at
last”
“Nothing so lmited.” replied Uncle
Bill Rattletop, “Water, has become so
bredomimime wherever 1 look that 1

feel are as If 1 were on 0 stenm-
boat,” ~ ¥

   
 
   
   

 

   

  

tween the Co, rhffons ta be fixed by tha {
(equitable basis, having regi the case of each corporation to tlie capital!
Invested; the service rendeies ho comparative benefits derived,” and all
conditions; xo Be
ors active 8t€hs for the surpose of constructing. equipping and
yperating the railway 8t ty earliest possible date after the exbeutiop of

this agreement by the cOThorations ard the depovls of tho iehentures as

     
     
     
 

       
  
  
 

    
  
    

 

   

  
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
 
 
   
    

      
   
   
   

No End to That.

 

       
   
    
  
    
  

   
  
  
  
   
  

 

    
       
  
  
  
  

    
    

   
  

      
      
 
 
  
  
  

  

 

  
  

dr ; “under clause 2 | hereof ind to commence operation ot each | One line nds along Sandwich Street from. th easterly 10 the west: by y
» 1 thought more. than A veor a a. as soon 18 le ter its canplotion;, a sow ile “an | erly Timith ot ‘thi Municipality. - A gecondsline extends along Ottawa ‘Streat Wl
0 nurecd nor to, quaerel uny more.” fi (0) To make such eXtungiong to the railway described in schedule hetween, Lincoln and Walker ‘Roads, A third line extends from the Hsiex .
“SO they dir. butsehey've hedn wran- as may appear advantageoliy and profitahl ; time to time, ~~, Terminal Railway tracks at Walker, Road, northerly to ‘Wyandotte Strect,
Blin: luc the pea Provided always that 88 pare of any line of gdflway to be constructad. and: west on Wyandoftd to the Municipal Boundary betweon Walkerville and
: lanerated by the ‘Commigsiok “the Commissioi may purchase, lease or obtai | Winds, fourth lig sxtetds northerly from Wyindotte along vonshire |
- . * | #unning rights ayer 63 Fy g-faliway. elutrical sully ong reel TallwaT L , r door Roads 18 Internect the first; linc: above inet |
& any part thereof, ang ~ wherever he + 2000) Street. pl Ld OT go iE ;
vst id Tat pardon Or oousiruet” op a nstructing” oocus in this agesment t hall pa} CRE x in Dae
overs. Ties even: hired a mun to |interpretad 20 Street from the Municipal
Ome once n Wi forth, Shel of ri :
In | with the COMIMISSIEE:
Sg wi 1° Sar fe

   

Poker

THE AMHE

_

Municipal Corporations, for the con-
an Electric Railway

construction,

subject to adjustments and |
the Commission from time to

issue of the Bonds is to be
,755.00
period of thirty vears
00 und for sinking
the said thirty-

ounts estimated to be required for

e next following thirty years at
same basis as the portion of

rty of the Corpor-
Assessment Roll is $1,072,451.00, and the

which
ouncil of the Corporation of the Town of Am-

Corporation of the Town of Amherstburg,
eby authorized to enter into the following

eby Incorporated into and forming
erk of the Corporation are hereby
ialf of this

 

  
       
   

sdviable by | Askin’s Point on Lake St. Clair, where it
may | Road to Wolf's; private right of way is then used to the end.of Ottawa Aves
nue, “Strabane and .Sandwich Streets to the wester

Commission on an {Ford City.
FORD CITY SECTION:

ality.

nue, “Strabane and Sandwich Streets to the westerly limits of the mu
WALKERVILLE SECTION: - +

   

 
 

    

RSTBURG HCHO.

to the capital invested, the service rendered, th comparitive revenue derived,
, and all other equitable conditions, '

(c) To make no agree
license or other induceme

 
  
 

SCHEDULE “B”.

Total amount of

ment or arrangement with, and to grant wo bonus, debenwiror to be fs

nt to any other railway or transportation company
without the written consent of the C 3

 

   
     
 

  

ol

 
  
 
   
 
  
 
   
    

      
   

J mission under
documents” and to pass CORPORATION.

such by-laws as may be Township of Sandwich Bast

requested by the Com.
m'sslon for the purpose of fully “effectuating the

Clause. 2 (by)
objects and intent of this

 
  
 
 
  
  

 
  
       
 

      
 
  

  
 
 
   
 

  
  

       
   

  
    
  
  
   
 
 
   
  
 
 
  
   
 

     
   
    
   
  

 

 

    
 
   
    

obtaining the consent ds herein defined of the
Increase the sald bond, issue by any amount necessary to cover the capita)
cost of extending the railway, and may also without such consent Increase
the said bond “issue to cover the cost of additional works or equipment of
{ Any Kind for use on the raflway to an extent not exceeding ten per cent,
(10%) of the bonds {ssued from time to: time, In order to meet and pay
such bonds and {nterest as the same becomes due and payable. the Com-
niisslon shall fn each year after the expiration of ten years from the date
of the issue of the bonds out of the revenue of the railway after payments,
Of operating expenses (including electrical power) and the cost of adminis-
tration set aside-a sufficient sum to provide a sinking fund for the purpose
of redeeming the same at maturity, Debentures issued by the corporations
in compliance. with clause 2 (b) hereof, shall, to the extent of the par value
of any bonds outstanding from time to time, be held or disposed of by the
Commission In trust for the holders of such bonds as collateral security for
payment thereof, it being understood and agreed that in the event of any
Increase of the sald bond issue each corporation shall, apon the: request of
the Commission, deposit with the Commission additional debentures as
‘lescribed in clause 2 (b) hereof, to be held or disposed of by the Commis-
lon as collateral security for such ncrense of the said bond issue, and that
any debentures held by the Commission in excess of the par value of the
cutstanding bonds from time to time may be held or disposed of by the

Commission to secure payment of any deficit arising from the, operation of
the railway.

4. In the event of the reve
taking being insufficient in an
Ing electrical power),

of the Corporation of the Town of Amhe

of the electors on the sixth day of December, A.D, 1919, bet

» RCO y A.D. ) ween the hours
of nine o'clock in the forenoon and five o'clock in the afternoon at the Tol.
lowing places; — s

.In"Wards 1, at thé old 8 W. & A, waiting room, Ramsay Street,
In Ward 2, at the Town Hall, Apsley Street.

In Ward 3, at the old Bell Telephone building, ¢ chime
lh ry 3, at g, corner of Richmond and

And that the fifth day of Decémber,
noon at the Town Hall in the sald Munic
ment of persons to attend
of the votes by the Clerk.

And that if the assent of the e
"Ev-law it will be taken into consid
sald Corparation at a mee

  
    

majority of the corporations,

      
 
  

réthurg to be submitted to the voles

 
 
  
   
   
 
 
 
  
  
  

10 |
el

   
    
    
   

>

  
   
   
   
 
 
 
     
   
 
   
  
  
 
    
  
 
  

       
   
  
 
   

 

TL
e
n-

    
  
   
       
    

A.D. 1919, af'two o'clock in the a*tape

ipality hapa been fixed for the appoints
at the:polling places®dnd at the final summing dp

   

   

r-

   
     
 
  
  
   
  

   
  
    
    

lectors {8 obtained to the said proposed
eration by the Municipal Council of the
ting thereof to be held after the expiration of one
month from the date of the first publication of this notice, and thar such firat
publication was made on the fourteenth day of November, A.D, 1919.
And further take notice that a tenant who desires to vote upof said
proposed By-law must deliver to the Clerk not later than the tenth day before
pointed for taking the votes a declaration under The Canada Evi-
ant whose lense extends for the time for which

e created or in mhich the money to be rafned hy
the proposed By-law is payable or for at leant twenty:

-one years and that h
has by the lease covenanted ta pay all Municipal T A f the

axes In respect of the
property of which he.is tenant other than local improvement rates.

W. A. McCORMICK.

   

  
   

   
    
    
   
   

       
  
   

n

  
   

9

    
     

  

thie’ debt or Liability Is to bi

   

   
  

    
      

:)
e

   
  
   

    

nue derived from the operation of the under

y year to meet the operating expenses (includ-
the cost of administration and the annual charges

  

   
 
 
  
  
  
 

    
   
   
 

 
  
  
 

 

for interest and sinking fund on the bonds, and for the renewal of any 3 v }
works belonging in whole or in part to the railway, such deficit shall be The Hyg ecirie Power Commission, t

paid to the Commission by the corporations upon demand of and in the 9f Ontario, |

proportion adjusted by the Commission. In the event of the failure of TC EE Ee te A ne Seal

any corporation to ‘pay its share of such a deficit as adjusted by the Com-

mission, it shall be lawful for the Commission inthe manner provided in|- "7 = SSE Chm ew eG isis en

 
 
 
   

clause 2 (b) to dispose of
for any such defieit.
the legal rate.

6. Should any corporation fall to perform any of the obligations to the

Commission under this agreement, the Commission may, In addition to all
other remedies and without notice, discontinue the service of the rallway
to such corporation in default until the said obligation has been fulfilled.’

and no such discontinuance of service shall relieve the corporation in default elosorforfocfosfertertoctoctecteste

from. the performance of the ‘covenants, provisos and conditions herein

JEWELER & OPTICIAN =~
AMHERSTBURG _ ONTARIO

operating the rallway or. any part thereof by strike, lockout, riot, fire,
n— ta ———

invasion, explosion, act of God, or the King's enemies. or any other cause
= i ———————— = » » 4 i
Something About Our Stock”

reasonably beyond. its control, then the Commission shall not be bound to
operate the railway or such part thereof during such time; but the cor-
porations shall.not be relieved from any liability” or’ payment under. this
agreement, and as soon as the cause of such interruption.is removed thal
Commission shall, without any delay, continue full operation of the rafl-
way, and each of the corporations shall be prompt and diligent In doing
everything in its power to remove and overcome any suth cause or causes
of interruption. i
7. It shall’ be lawful for, and the corporations hereby authorize the Com-
mission to unite the business of the rallway with that of any othar railway
This has been a record year for scarcity of stock,
owing’ to high cost of materials, scarcity of expert
workmen and excise tax, all combining tomaterially
increase the cost of high class‘goods of evsry yariety
and also" decrease production. By "ordering early
and heavily, however, I have succeeded in securing
the largest @ssortment of fine goods ever offereduin
Amherstburg and am in_position to supply every"
ordinary demand with goods now'in stock and our
stock will be considerably “increased ‘in the* near

 

  

jv

  
 

debentures held by the Commission as security
Any arrears by any corporation shall bear interest at

 
  

 
  
 
   
   
      
   

          

          
    
  
  

 

       
 

         
      
       

equipment and. operators from one system to the other, proper provision
heing made so that each system shall pay its proportionates share of the
cost of any equipment used in common,

“8: If at any time ahy other municipal corporation applies to tHe Com.
amission for an extension of the raflway irnto its municipality the <Com-
mission shall notify the applicant and the corporations, in writing, of a
time and place to_hear all representations that may be made as to tho ferns
and conditions relating to such proposed extensfon.' If, on the raeommendg-
fon of the Commission, such extension shall be authorized, withou: dis
crimination {n favor of the applicant, as to the cost incurred or to be incurred
‘for or by ‘renson:of any such extension, the Commission may extend the
railway, upon such terms and conditions ,A8) may appear ‘equitable to the
Commission. ; J ; 5
-- No. such application for an “égiensjon (of the ralway -into any nluni-
cipality the corporation of which 8 not a) party to this agreement shal
be granted if it is estimated by the Commisson that the cost of service
of. the.rajlway to fhe corporations parties. hereto will be hereby increased
and theirevenue and accommodation be Injuriously affected without, the
written consent qr ithe majority of the corporations parties hereto.

9. The consgnt of any corporition requiredigunder this ageement shail
mean the consent of the council of such corporation, such consent being
in the form of a municipal, by-law duly. passed. by,’ the council of the
corporation. v 2 .

10... The Commission shall, at least annually, adjust-and apportion betwaen
the corporations the cost of construction, equipment, operation, - interest,
sinking fund, and also the cost of renewing the praperty” of the railway, /

1d Every rallway and all the works, property and effects held and used
in connection therewith, constructed, acquired, dperated and maintained by
the Commission undemthis agredment and the sald Act shall be vested in
the Commission on behalf of the corporations; but the Commission’ shall be
entitled to a lien upon, the same for all money expended by the Commission
under this'agreement and not repaid: yo X

12. Each of the corporations covenants and agrees with the other:
(a) “To carry out the agreements and provisions herein contained:
(b) To co-operate by all means (n its. power at all times with the Com:
mission to create the most favorable conditions for the ¢arryini out of the

objects of the agreement and of the said Act, and to Iincredse the revenue |
of the railway and ensure {ts success. 4

13. In the event of any difference bétween the corporations. the Com-
misgion. may, upon application, fix a time and place to hear all represanta-
tions that.may be made by the parties; and the Commission shall adjust |
such differences, and such adjustments shall be final. The Commission
shall have all the powers that may be Conferred upon a commissioner ap-
pointed under the Act Repecting Enquiries Concerning Public Matters,

14. This agreement shall continue and extend for a period of fifty, Vears
from the date hereof, and at the expiration thereof be subject to renewal,
with the consent of the corporations from time to time for like periods
of fifty vears subject to adjustment and re-appointment as herein pro-
vided for the purposes-of this agreement as though the terms hereof had
not expired. * At the .éxpiration of ‘this agreement the Commibsion shall
determine and adjust the rights of the corporations, having regard to the
amounts paid or assumed by them respectively under the:terms of, this agree:
ment, and such: other conSiderations as mny appear equitable to the Com-
mission and are approved bys the Lieutenant-Governor (n° Council. b

16. It: is’ understood and agreed thatthe rates imposed for the shire of |
the cost to be borne by those municipalities listed in Schedule “C” attached,
hereto, shall be imposed upon the rateable property set forth respectively In
the said schedule, 2 X

16. This agreement shall not come Into effect intil it has been sanctioned
by the Lleutenant-Governor in" Counell. | .

4

             
    
      
       

ES
"oa

       

&

     
          
  

system operated in whole or in part by the Commission, and to exciange
?

vi

  
   
     
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
   
      
  
  
   
    
  
 
 
  
  
 

WALTHAM
WAT CHES,

¥
y

    

 
    
       
 
   

Diamonds and Fancy Stone Rings |
- WATCHES for GENTLEMEN
WATCHES for LADIES ~~
Clocks and Jewelry in Great Abundance

2

China, Cut Glass and Silverware i

  
 
  
    
 
   
       
  
   
   
 
 
    

 

In Witness whereof the Commission’ and the Corporations have respec:
tively affixed their.cofporate seals and the hands of ‘thelr proper officers.
: N t

5,

 

 

 

; SCHEDULE “A".
.Routes.

TECUMSEH-FORD SEGTION:
Leaving Tecumseh the line runs nort!

 

‘

 

herly” along side the highway to
turns due west along ‘Lesperance

 

 

y limits of the: munic: Don’t think you can bay better in Winds sor or Detroit. :

- “YOU CAN'T DO IT"

Our prices are as low as possible, consistent with good busimess

From the easterly limits of Ford City the line extends along Ottawa

Ave
nici:

ok

     

   
    
  
   

   

    
