  
 
   
 
 

  
 

ny

_ HITCHED

Sp

TO

 
  
   
       
     
   
  
   
    
 
  
        

“NONSENSE”

Theres’ a nonsensical notion in the heads of some poeple th “
) ple that a “Ready-to- § :
Clothes never did, never can, and never will fit, 4 Salvia iyons Salt 0F ;

This idea gets hit with a “dull” sinking thud every time we get a chance to fit up a

skeptie.
We fit tall, short and medium men every day, fit theirheads and fo t fi
we take all the risk In doing so. ? aio periection, and

We guarantee out and out satisfaction with the fit, the styleand the wear of our Clothin
1
and a saving of $5.00 to $10.00 a sult on city prices. WANTE) 100 Skeptics. :

BOYCE & CO

 

 
  
 
    
       
  
         
 
   
        
     
        
    
      
   
   

  

 
 

 

Pde iprirh bbb bib bdbb bbl
$ HARROW. :

bode bdr obbdedeb dee pivbde bled dedodedode
Alex. Michael js 'n Toronto, this
week,

A. Brush shipped a car of hogs this
week at $20.25.

I. Barron has DHullt a dump for
wagons at his elevator.

Misses Eva and Mabel Miller, of
Flay, Ohfo, are guests at C. Mitch-
all's,

J. H. Madill and family went to the
city on Tuesday and spent the day
with Mr. Madill's brother.

Loraine Piseon {8 visiting *
Webb in Toronto, and Robina Pigeon
js with her aunt, Mrs. Walter Mickle,
St. Thomas, 1.

The Quality Canners, after putting
up a big quantity of fruit of various
kinds, commenced canning sweet corn
on Wednesday. .

As both sides have been heard at
some length op the early closing ques-
tion, the discussion through these col-
umns Js closed

All those who wish to have their

names on the voters’ list for the Pro-
hibition Referendum must apply” be-
fore September 6th,
Miss Edna Durrant passed the Nor-
nal Entrance and Matricydtion with
honors. She was only fifffen years of
age when she took thogbram.

Three crack baseball teams. the R.

   
  

Readers, eto.
Soribblers el
Exerice Books
Examination Tablets
Writing Books
Drawing Books
Money's. worth every time.

  
  
  
 

    
  
 

HARROW.

ADAMS BLOCK

 

 

+

| 4

Ap

a

fi.
It’s Fun to Re-finish Your
Home — When You Use
the Right Varnish

D° you know that a pod floor varnigh is not
necessarily a good {furniture varnish ?

That is one of the things we have learned. in
our long experience in selling’ varnishes, Our
knowledge is at your disposal, so be sure to tell us
what you are going to’ re-finish and we will give
you the right varnish at the right price. /

USE TEE BEST!

 

Mr. and Mrs. Charlds Staildon
at thelr cottage in Colches ur.’

All Indies wighing Colilene
order now,

Notice—After end of month, 1

  
  
 
  

Council

 
  

ness,

from Saturday to Tuesday at
Ohio.
Sylvester
modern cement hog pen to lis
buildings.
There will be

 
   
   
    
   
 
  
   
   
   
 
 
    
  
 
  
    
    
  
    
  
      
   
    
    
   
  
    
   
   
    
 

at 11 a.m,

  

Is the guest of Miss Helea
Colchester,

 

    
  
  
   
 

 

 

BERRY BROS C.'s, the Royals and the Windsor regu- ¢ ee |
lar team will play here at the big Miss Grace McCormick has been” at| nro Degli 181 Chioride of Lime—the host 1
AND ; ppe and sister Zita left | Dutch Cleanser. ............. ....10 ots.
L.O.O.F. celebration on Monday. the ip of Mrs. A/G. Adams, Who | Monday to spend a week in Toronto. | Landry C80aps-—ihe Dest makes os,
CHI-NAMEL VARNISHES Mr. Webb, Supt. of the Wells &|I8 very low. A. R. Ferriss has rented his 140-acre [1desl Blue..Z...............0.. oth
IN STOCK Gray Construction Co., has gone to Mr. and Mrs. Potter and family, of farm to Thomas W. Wride, and will Lima Beans—finest quality—per POUND, ves vacansonannnasnnsinssssnnsas 16. cia.
x V:indsor, are at the Stewart cottage » Salmon-—Sen Rose Brand—fnest red Socke ..48 ote.
S ahout cl eland Tractors Windsor to look after a big job, and rolch soon move with Mrs. Ferriss to |Larga tind Slived Pineapple. ...............o..., .. 40
ee us a Ev : Mr. Dafoe has taken his place here 2! Colchester. Kingsville, where they Will retire from | Baked Ueans—Clgrk’s giant cans—a splendid buy——only. . 23 de
: y until the Clark warehouse fs com: Mrs. Herbert and Mrs. Hatch, of the active duties of farm life Maple Leaf Early June: Peas wilk more than please—only. 20 A >
; RT lated St. Thomas, spent the past week at| p, Sweat Wrinkle Peas—per Can... ...............;.. 00. 23 cis. |
FF plated. J h McCarthy" fleas of gravel have been placed at | Clark's Chili Sasuce—made In Harrow by our townspeople. . 38 ote.
Dn ine uenrfure The address on Prohibition at the|Jo3eph McCarthysa. b various points on the Good Roids [Ollves—ses our large DOWIes at... lo. a ereinesn rio: 80 ots
I Nt Methodist church last Sabbath was| Miss Dios. 2 hatha, has chaop|8ystem for the rebuilding of bridges. a a es Bs oi Shices 2s ote
the Blended Beautt 4 of listened to with: rapt attention by a on 5 0.8 Soa, oF aL ebb school ly; jo expected that work will commence | Rose Bran Maple Syrup-—Iargd DOTA: 4. . fee. uere., coe. on 1 .. 68 ota.
k : large congregation. The choir singing Hugh Sea: ens a car of|mext week. 7 Hoyal Yeast, .... el 8 cts. Choice Peanut Dutter—per pound. ....... 34 ots.
was also-much appreciated. It Is one There will be a grand social given r ‘ Won and
of the largest and best sustained Hylo silos on Tuesday, and those for|y the Sunday school of St, Mark's A. Fa nell eRe eC rues, Ot he ro Ps, Pin

the Grain is Richly Brought
_ out by the use of

Car

whom they are being. erected are

gholrs (i thejcounty. : pleased with them.

Mrs. Howard Chope and nephew,
Donald Brush, of Detroit, spent the
week-end with ‘her father,” A. Brush.
Mrs. (Lieut.) Charles Wood has re-
joined her husband in Washington,
D. C. where he Is engaged in the
militia department.

Services will be held in the Baptist
church on Sunday as follows: Sunday
school at 10 a.m.; public worship at
11 a.m. and 7.30 p.m. Morning subject:
“The pe Crown”; evening:
“The changing Christ.” Everybody
welcome.
The Methodist anniversary willbe
héld on September 21st. and will form
part of a six-day church festival.
Prominent preachers, lecturers and
entertainers are being engaged for
the work and everybody ghould plan
to take in the whole week's program.

OW. Webster has engaged Charles
Dyson, a returned man, to open a
shoe repair department in his store for
the convenlence of the people of this
district. “Mr. Dyson: is completing his
course in the technical school, London,
but is expected here within a few
days: The machinery for his shop has
already arrived and Includes the most
modern made for the purpose.

Brookland the Tallor begs to thank
his many customéra and the public in
general for the very |iberal patronage
bestowed on him the past season, also
to state that the store will be closed
trom the 6th {op the 20th September,
for ‘a much Needed rest, at the same
time making & business trip to'Toron-
to and Montréhl, looking after fall
goods and the {Nlerests of the trade.
Charles Clark, J. H. Madill, Ross
Flood and A. C. Cunningham clubbed
in and purclinsed several harrels of
road ofl, whigh théy are sprinkling on
the streets facing their properties to
kill .the dust pufsance. The experi:
ment is proving very satisfactory botn
as to cost and efficiency, and this Ays-
tem of spriiikling may mes: with gon-§
eral favor fiext season throughout the}
village. \

  
 
  
 
  
  
  

 

church cemetery.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis

    
    
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
      
   

=
\ i Oleson
25 104329 Sizes’

day at John Fox's.
Rev: and Mrs. Hughes and two

     

Lane for two weeks. ©
Miss Glennle, of Rockford,

 
 
 
 

duties next Tuesday.

at Miss Eliza Bell's!

    

it is In such a delapidited state.

Schools. re-open
There will~ be several
ma'ams din various sections for

    
 
  
    
 
  
 
 
  

 
 
  
 

 

ff" line of Groceries forall Homes,

R—

 

  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
   
   
   
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 

In addition to carrying a nice fres

we also wish you fo. make this your FRUIT store:

Lemons and all other Mr. and Mrs.

Peaches, Plums, Pears. Bananas; Oranges,
Fruits in season.

— — —

of every kind.
Campers’ Supplies id McCormick's.

 

Hughes, at Royal Oak. 4
Albert Fox, of

 

 

  
  
 
  
   
   
   
   
  
 

place. \

cent we advise customers to buy SHOES Mrs, Agnes White,

To save from 40 to 50 per ES
t MICHAEL'S STORE, Corner: King and Queen Streets. SHOES are
i going up in Lik Now——Ladies’, Men's and Children all sizes.

"Men's Underwear Wool, Cotton,
Ladies's Fine Pure Wool Sweatet

  
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
 
  
  

tate's.

and Fleece—Men’s Sweaters, since the Women's

Coats at the: right price.

Genevieve, of Essex, moved Inst week Diva had the roadways

e old price. [to Farmington, Mich. where they will
Oveals, Work Paats, Men's and Boy's Stall indo at SEHR of ae el Sin ore, ain Ul, TERED vor Wc vera
| We sell clean fresh groceries and Frolts—Fa Murgss baRorents. wi five up her| Morse U. F. O. held a well attended

   

  

AL MCHAEL, roses Hamm.

of October and join them at
ton. A. D. Forsyth and daughters,
Jessie and Lizzie, will leave Esdex
about the fist of September for Bur-
bank, Cal. Wire they will reside.
The Village Frustaes are arranging
with the Hydrs “Electric geng: 40
change the street jights, putting them

down the center 4¢ King and aan
of

 
  

Cy

(Thureday.)

 
  

  
  

 

 
 

Vincent drain
row drains.

   
   
  
  

; streets instead of glong’ the si :
and wha left oyer will bo used signed, and on going back to land, =. En he
1 7 One of the best stoc oo a iene ilo te Toake awd Grin: © Ee hl fhe ad Se Y x os
or ab [1] mission to attach TS Hick ion of the. Watson lle [land from February until Juno hig 2,000,000 feet fine quality of lumber now in. stock to
" 2 Jip ; un e hat] drain by-law. which provides for rafs-|VeAr He came homo on the Car¥ : assort from. weed kl
. py RE ),: {ng $2,360 for cleaning out and re mania, ‘much to the delight of his par- ) USE BA
HEY ARE ALL GOOD. The otal assessment |ents and friends. 4 Extra good value in HOUSE MATE , BARN
TAKE YOUR CHOICE. T ing this drain. Tho total ads bs ! \N
. A weler and Op read over © years. and assessed | ;A quiet wedding took place at tho|! LUMBER and GARAGE STOCK {aah
: - i against aixteon various parcels of land. | Methodist parsonage, Harrow, Rev. C. A a : 5
urt of reyision js Septomber 27th. |R. Durrant officiating, on Friday even: . COME AND LOOK US OVI AH

     

i ; ‘ pe Hights o

-y NN . Dh ‘main ‘| being cut and put in the Kil

+ 3 : | greatly Scand with that satin, °° ing. Some Burley gro are
4 ERE EE, he fal Pe

p ; 3 resen 1

Rov. and Mrs, A. the | BTR fall frost, which would do

riy of Harrow, has Zitury. | early.
“Al

overseas

  
  
  

  

You wouldn't buy horse without looking hind over thor- \ £ rd
oughly to ba sure he waa sound. Why shouldu't you bo NF 8%
careful in sélentin ng a Fertiliz
weak points in the Fler

; money. Buy

  

 
 

DURING AUGUST is the Order in Every Department Throughout the Store.

 

THE EOHD IS THE OFFICIAL PAPER OF THE TOWNSHIP OF OOLOHESTER SOUT!

(SCHOOL REQUIREMETS )

Penholders and Pens

Lead Pencils
Slates and Pencils
Erasers

Rulers

Inks of all kinds

THE SENTINEL STORE

observed debodeobedrieodbiint de dob bob deobe

COLCHESTER SOUTH 3

Miss | #Herbdesbrdennstooed dec besferafodefoteshrie dodo) Hook

Corsets
Mrs. J. Readman, Harrow.

cease chopping for public. Henry Klie.
meets on Saturday after-
noon at 1.30 sharp for general busi-

Mr. and Mrs. George Snyder spent
Colton,

McCormick fs adding a

gervices in Christ
church, Colchester, on Sunday next,

Miss Orine Nicholls, of Walkervilie;
Staddon,

C. A. Cullen, of Leamington, erect-
ed a beautiful monument to the mem-
ory of the late James Brush at Christ

daughter Laurie, of Weat Grand Boule-
vard, Detroit, spent Sunday and Mon-

dren, of St. Stephen's church, Sand-
wich South, are camping at Lovers

c is the
new teacher [n the McCormick school)
East Harrow. She will assume her

Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Lewis and two
sons, of Windsor, and niece, Miss Ter-
rill. of Richmond,.Va., spent Sunday

Will the people’ who are interested
in Old Christ church cemetery please
turn ont and help clean it up because

next = Tuesday.
new school

young fellows to beau around’ this fall.
Stanley Cralg, of
Walkerville; Mrs. Joel’Craig, of Am-
herstburg, and Mrs. Margaret Golden,
of Malden, spent Tuesday at George

   
 
  
  
   
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
  

Mrs. J. S. Wright and daughter. Mrs.
Lorne Murray, spent a week with the
former's daughters, ‘Mrs. W. J. Rose-
brugh, at Lansing, Mich. and Mrs. F.

Walkerville, is fitting

up his garage in the village of Colches-
ter, and will move his cottage down

from Edmund Wright's’ front, wiilch
will greatly imprové the looks of" his

Miss Lizzie O'Keefer of Detroit, and
sister. Mrs. Aspenleitery of Preston;
of - Detroit, and
Ralph Marontate, of East ‘Tawas,
Mich., are guests at Raymond Maron:

Eile cemetery is Jookusy 3 Tuo | het,
C tos st! 0)
Mrs. Jalies D. Forsyth and daughter Colchester has taken hold of it.and

cleaned up'and

Farmi meeting on Saturday, at which twenty-
ng delegates were selected to attend
convention at: Essex . yesterday
Ladies shared. equally
with men in the distribution of honors.

The township haa received a cor
Toad of tile, sizes 8” and 13 ”, for the
andthe Village of
John Lewis has the
tract. and they. will be put in at once,

fetes of smoking tobacco are |ing of
"Lb Xiins for cur- Martin,

that the|tin, was
spell may develop -an{Ferriss, a popular

y o loaf Is yet-immature |rins.
juny fie and very susceptibl 2

 
 

”

 

 

 

 

SHIRTS

A MAN can suffer more discomfort from an ill-fitting shirt than from a dozen gver-ripe
clams—the clams don’t come hack to him every .week from the laundry. A : Xi “

" Your Shirt ought to he a congenial companion; half your life is lived In its soclety. OUR
Shirts are made to fit. If they were not we’d not talk about them. pia 7

$1.75, $2.00, $2.25, $2.50 8
‘Harrow.

  
 

  

SPECIAL SPORTS| * Auto’ Sponges :

Labor. Day Celebration : :
AT HAR R O W |You must get a sponge to wash off your auto.

MONDAY, SEPT. Ist, 1919 A little sponge off will do a lot of good “in

   
    
    
 

 

   
   
     

. preserving it---and a chamois skin to dry it.

N

 

See the Callthumpian Parade Monday
at 1.30—Special Prizes.

Special Fat Men's Race for mem-

e a .
bers I. O. O. F. Lodge—Special Prize. w have the best values in these.

are
So

 

Nail Driving Contest, for ladles only

will Boys’ Race on Stilts—1st prize, 7bec.;

2nd, 50c.; 3rd, 26e.

Sack Race for boys under 11 yecrs
old.

Leap Frog Race, for boys only—1st,
1.00; 2nd, 60c,; .3rd, 40c. *

Girls* Bjcycle Race—1st, 76e.; 2nd,
60c.; 3rd, 26c.

OTHER SPORTS.

Don’t miss hearing Miss Louie Rod-
ney at the 1.0.0.F. concert next Mon-
day night.

      
    
        
       
      
          

;
E. F, DARBY, HARROW ~~ °

DRUGGIST OPTICIAN STATIONERY
NOTARY PUBLIC :

 

out-

$5354 5 5588

Lot us have the DOLLARS ybou'spend on our lines of merchandise and we will make

    

you think they are made of rubber. We can surely stretch them for you. Here are
Just a few prices that are characteristic of the numerous good values that await you
at “The Home of Good Eats.” Yo

Snowfake ‘Ammonia (5 tha best—15c, packages.

    
      
    
      
  
   

 
  
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
   
   
  
  
  
 
  
   
      

   
 
   
   
    

   
 
   
 
 
   
   
  
 
  
  
   
 
    
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
       
   
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
 
    
  
 
   
  
 
    
     
   
  

  
     
    
   
  
    
    
    
     
  
       

well d Hot Peppers, Onions, Cabbage, Parowox, Egg pre-
SPECIAL. VINEGAR.

We have Just reeelved from: the H. J. Heinz Go. 300 gallons of thelr most_excal--
jent VINEGAR. We recommend this variety for pickiing. Per gallon 80

F.H. FERRIS

“Home of Good Eats” HARROW Phong §

Peppers, Groen Hot Peppers,

M. B. church, Colchester, on Thurs:
fprver, ote. ,

day, September 4th. Come one, come
all. Olive Clingman, Supt.; Rev,
Frye, pastor.
Capt. Joseph White, clerk of the
Division Court. Sandwich, has réturn-
od from a two weeks’ vacation at Ox-
ley, where ire visited at his daughter's
summer home. The captain has some
fish stories to tell but declares. the
public would not believe ‘him if he
attempted to narrate all his fishing
trips, but he does say the water was
fine for bathing.
C. Richardson & Son have taken the
‘agency for the Cleveland tractor and "

ave placed the first one with Ernest HARROW : FARMERS 00 PERA TIVE ASSOCIATIO A

Byron, after giying him a practical
i type of trator. If intorosied In : :
this type of tractor. It interested In| do quo 'tiyis Tip and Buy your Winter Supply of Fuel
articulars and see.the tractor work. ? while it’s available... : ; ’
We are in the market for WHEAT. " .
Excellent Chop, Bran, Tankage, ‘Guaranteed Flour,
- Calf Meal, Binder Twine, &c,-on hand. ©

See page b this {ssue for further par- BD
ticulars res the caterpillar type trac.

aS . i

When your Hogs are ready, please phone us early in the week

OW; Highest Prices for EAGS

i)

   
    
   
    
  
   
  

 

   

F

    
 
    
    
  
 
   
     
         
     

and

   
  
  

chil-

   
    
   
  
    
  
 
  
    
  
  
 
 
 
  
 

 

 

    
    
     
  
   
    
    
     
   
  
  

   
    
    
   
  

tor. ‘The Bloctric”or Cleveland, C.
Richardson. & Son, local agents.

“The nude partly decomposed body
of a male infant was cast- upon the
beach by the waves just west of Col-
chester Iast Friday and was found by
Albert Sinasac, who notified the auth-

the

    
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
     

 

    
  
 
    
  
  
    
 

 
 
  
  
  
  
    
   
   
 
   
    
   
    
  
  
   
   
 
  
  
   
   
   
 
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
   

oritfes, and Dr. MacKenzie, of Kings- LN y

Hie: coroner, came over and viewed .Jd.F. HEATON4 ‘L. W. MURRAY :
oe remains. ‘As there was no-means | ’

of identification, the child “evidently Telephone’ 74 HARROW ONL:

   
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
   
 
   
   
  
   
  
   
     
 
 
  
   
   

having been washed ashore after hav-
ing been thrown off a passing steamer,
theburial took place on the shore and
the mystery will’go down among the
unsolved social problems: of this dis-
trict. \
Tn answer to Inquiries made to The
Echo, it is to be remembered fnjthe
enumeration of voters for the coming
Referendum vote, that no American
citizens have a right to be on the list;
wives and children take the national-
ity of their husbands and fathers; even
though the wife may have beén Can-
adfan born and actively connected with
patriotio endeavors. While voters
must vote on every question or spoil
their ballots, it is not necessary to |’
vote all “Yes”, or all “No”, but express
thefr individual feelings on, each qu
|tion as each sees fit. ‘There has bee
some ‘misunderstanding regarding

      
         
          
    
  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 

Farmers’ Attention! .

‘Plowing for wheat will soon be on now.’

Buy a Tractor and Plow to do the work. Special Prices now. =
5 of them ready at any time. ; : :
A good stock of Cream Separators. Sewing Machin
Buggies and Silos. Columbia Grafonolas. 28
v Prices Right. : i

JOHN READM AN

Phone 88 : HARROW
ese points. . . . me
The home of Mra, John .B Enappl. . — — c - -0-g o >:

was {n gala attire Wednesday for the | 3

who arrived home from overseas, Ht ’

eft In June, 1915, with the 7th C. M, (|

IR. from London &nd was: later tran , A
Har-|to the Royal Flying Corps, training at
con | Oxtord, England. He went to France

nine daye before the armistice was

  
   
    
  
  
    
   
   
   
   

 

 

     

   
   
    
  
     
  
  
  

       
    
  
 
 
    
     
  
      
    
 
 
   

 

     
 

=a §,

‘iER LONER

  

     
  
 
 
 
   
  
  
 
   
  
   
  
 
   
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
  

   
 

TOBACCO

reception. of her ‘son, Harold Knap)
ferred to the Veterinary Corps. then |°g%

 
  
  

 

 

   
 

  
  
      

  
   

  
 
   

 
 

st- week, when Kenneth J.
a progressive farmer of. Col-
chester - South, son of

spend- Don’t wait until our Toba
married to ‘Miss Mi

COME AND Bt

untold | community, daugh an Feor-| do © : ET
he bride, who was unattended, |od ia a Cm
{looked very charming in a smart trav-| db, ; I'y i
fn ao et ape
| tollow! e cersmony- -the. happy}
> . Detroit, | ¢

 
