Mothers Know That
Genuine Castoria

For Over
Thirty Years

CASTORIA

SHE CENTAUN COMPANY, WEW YOR SITY,

HARROW LUMBER YARD.

We have the material and giye satisfaction. The old saying
applies to this, “The proot of the pudding is in the eating. t

Weé have always on hand for sale—Lumber, Shingles, Lath,
Lime, Beaver Board, Cement, Coal, Seaman-Kent Polished Floor
ing of all kinds of Hardwood.

We manufacture Storm Windows, Storm Doors, Sash, and all
kinds of Moulding required in building a house.

Wo do all kinds of Carpenter Work gnd Contracting, and will
be pleased to give an estimale or price on soy kind of work, large
or, small

GC. F. SMITH,

HARROW.

 

BLING AN CEHOUSE [MF screwce oF cveckens YEAR oH IN CENTENARIES

Ma

Good Type for Use on the Aver-
age Farm.

Every Mitk Producer Should Have
One—The Work and Cost of Erec-

tom Light Compared With the
~ Benefits.

(Contributed by Ontario Department of
Agriculture  roromto.)

VERY Ontario Yarmer who
preguces Milk.—and most af
the farmers do.—shauld store
a quantity of fee each winter
in order to make 11 ensier for nim
to ¢ool the milk down after the
evening milking, and to keep it sweer
for such shart pertods.—week-ends
for example,—an he nay be required
to keep ft before delivering it 21 The
cheese faciory or other point of dis-
posal. in order to preserve the lee
satisfactorily same form of ice-house
or shelter fs necessary. The purpose
of this article {s 10 describe in a féw
words a type of ice-house which will
gjve good satisfaction.
The ice-honxe does not necessarily
have to be expensive, but certain cons
ditfona in regard to It must obtain

if the ice is to weep well, Theso |)
shall emphasfe first and they are —
protection of ice from sun's rays. this
is the wall, good drainage fron the
bottom of the house, either natural
or artificial, free cireulation- of nir
through the top, air-tight foundations
plenty of good quality of dry sawdust
ok all sldes of the mass of Ice. and
close packing of the jee, . If theme
conditions can be secured in a rough
bin built under a shed, or a lean-to
on the shady side of a building, all
well and good unless one has other
good reasons for building a more rx-
pensive structure clsewhere. The
matter of convenience is often a de- |
clding factor in this case, "and the
type of ice-house 1 am about to de-
scribe Is a good illustration of this
fact. Only once have f seen it in
use, but there fs no reason why It |
could not be used quite generally.
This particular -type consists of a
lean-to structure of wood at one end
of the barn which has the stable
underneath. The size would vary
with the amount of fee required, but
probably a building 15 feet square
and 12; feet high ‘would be - large
enough for most farmers’ needs. In
this structure and at the side ad ja-
cent to the barn, gr rather the base-
ment wall, is built a conerete enclo
sure about 6 feet square and § or 6%
feet high: A doorf@in the basement
wall admits one to it. In the side

«opposite to the doorway there is a

row of 3 or 4-inch tile mear the bot-
tom for letting in the cold air from
the fce which is packed closely to the
concrete storage om all three sides

New Englanders Fit Pastime on Ele
vation That Mage It Far Above

Mere Game.

-
Those who mention the death of Ly-
man: Stearns, long an agent for the
Unlon, recall alwagyy his championship
among New Humpahire checker play-
ers. It seem8 8 minor matter DOW,
but there was a time when checkers
were lmportant, observes Manchester
Union. “In old times, when the snow
was deep, the papers not what, they
are now, and the telephone not known,
this game, 80 easy and yet so hard,
had its votaries everywhere. A board
was at every grocery and In every
tavern, shrewd, usually rather thought-
ful men with a mathematical turn of
mind, held the honors in each locality.
Here and there notable authorities
were developed. Men walked miles
to play Wilth each other. The merits
of center nnd side attack, of conserva.
ton or shcrifice, were widely debated.
| Now, the. dominating thought of the
people hing become better expressed
tn basebai)) Only a few of the elect
stll make the game a passion.
There Is Yeat to be written 2 philoso-
phy of BAlleg, Why are English-
speaking peoples glmast the aaly peo
ple, except American Indians, to play
baseball? How dioes {t happen that be-
fore the war one: might see a crowd in
France waiting wiith breathiess {nter-
est the Important strokes in a game
of croquet? Why do all the South
American nations seem, to have little
Interest in any out-of-disor sports, ex-
cept racing, rooster fghbting or bull
fighting? Why has Imdia no out-of-
door national sport xcept talking
philosophy and religion? Why is
Scotland. devoted to golf Instesd of
cricket? Why has Germany produced
only one or two puglllists of reputa-
tion? Why have nations that have de-
voted most attention fio ball playing
and pugilism been the dinminating ones
in commerce and government?
Recreation Is a product of character
expressing itself freely. What does
the game of checkers me Ewidently
a contemplative, mildisy” pugnacions,
calculating spirit, delighting to pilan
carapaigns, carry on defense and of-
fecnse and at the end feel that ane
made a good contest. That was what
the New Hampshire men of past gen-
erations delighted to do In life. Some
are of that nature still. Some ex-
press It with other games. A faction
will forever keep the checker board In
view. Perhaps they are the kind of
men who will remain the conservatives
in social and political life,

Prince Carol and the Throne,
in. 1868 the Roumanians offerd thelr
throne to Prince Carol of a side branch
of the Hohenzollern family, who was
also, however, connected through his
mother with the dynasty of Napoleon.

i
JEN Day Celebrations of Many Fa
mous People Will Take Placo

- During 1919.

This year of grace 1919 is rich In
centebaries. To begin with, it Ix &
Rondred years since Queen Victoria ap-
peared on Mother Earth—a centenary
concerning which the monthlies wilt
presently be waxing eloquent, London
Tit-Bits states. "

| Another noted centenary of the
present year Is that of the famous old
! gea-dog, Admiral Rodney, the man In
i whom for years the French found so
persistent an assailant, so duvughty an
{ adversary. Twas way back In 1819
| that this old gentleman first delighted
| Ns friends with his preseace. The
centenary of W, E. Foster, the states
, map, will also be celebrated this year.
| Few greater authorities on education
i than this gifted son-in-law of the great
Doctor Araold of Rughy ever breathed,
Among other worthies whose names
{must zlso he mentioned In this con
| nection is that of John Campbell
Sharp, «the Wordsworthian poet and
philosopher: Arthur Hugh Clough, the
poet, and Charles Kingsley, the gifted
| author of that Immortal thriller,
“Westward Hol!"

Scotsmen will presently be doing
honor to the memory of another noted
individual whose centenary also falls
this year—a man worthy of a happler
fate—Donald / Cargill, the great cov-
enanter, who, it will be remembered,
for during to excommunicate the king,
way executed at the Olid Market
Cross, Edinburgh. Neither must we
forget George Ellot, the nuthoress of
that unparalleled romance, “Adsm
Bede”

WORKERS NOT ALWAYS BUSY

Bustling Individual Sometimes Ia
Merely Carrying Out Ideas Evolved
by Apparent “Loafer.”

Secretary of War Baker was de-
fending certain army officers who had
been berated as chair warmers. “Some
may be,” he admitted, “but In most
cgses I am sure yon will find that the
very person whose position or work
seems almost 8 sinecure, Is doing big
things, while often the person who is
thoughtiessly given credit Is not the
renal worker at all. Like the secre-
tury’s stenographer,

“‘Who is that busy yonng woman
telling that visiting committee where
to get off” asked the stranges.

“‘Oh,’ was the answer, ‘she’s the
secrelary's stenographer.

“What secretary?

“‘The secretary of the Biuffville
chamber of commerce, That's him,
reading the movie magnzine In the
back room. He's the “live wire” you
read 80 much about In the dally pa-

You will find all
three flavours In

air-tight sealed
packages—but (ook
for the name

WRIGLEYS

because It Is your
protection against
inferior imitations,
lust as the sealed
package Is protec-
tion against Im-
purity.

SEALED TIGAT
KEPT RIGHT

The
Flavour

YF

WING 6 Unt.

and over the {op as well. Betwésn ok i ship

the: top of the storage and the barn Austria and Russia were not enthusl- | pers.» the

there is a narrow passage-way or fine | A5HC over seeing & Hohenzottern reign- Tow

: for allowing the foul or used air to) ng-at Bukharest, but Bismarck saw Forcing Plants by Light. porat

| 1 9 y Lig

: get out, henee ggod circulation in the | R chance to put a friend of Prussia To force the growth of plants by \

a ee ——————————————| | Storage is provided for. In (his por, In the Balkans and urged the young the tse of artificial Hght Is not & new ment

* 2 il | teular case the farmer has hfs miik- { prince to accept. iden, but th 4 eR ” 2 loves

11 ! 3 {| room containing cream separator, William Stearns Davis In “Roots of = 25, By i System ilinerto Tis chi elect

Y WY oie. adjoining this storage and when- | (he War” (Century Magd$in ). ip re 00 expensive In proportion to obtnin- whicl

J sniury oA agszine) in hle results

i i ever he wishes to.cool milk or crerm lating .the Incident quotes the great |» © results, woul

ET: : >: Or store it 12 puts It In thls clordge. ly fritter ag tayhig" “Even if you fall.|, Recently & man engaged in horticul- A

. Other articles, such £8 butler you will always remember with pleas. | ture discovered an efficacious method 3 re

= ; and meat, are also ‘stored AE 7 Die r Iving Hight for this p 36. “ArT fsxpen
ure an adventure which can never be | Of ARpiving tight for this purpo 7 - It:

" y 99% times but of course only for.a few 2 * x % i 1 : y oApit:

$ 2 a reproach to you.” Mr. Day) ranging, in winter quarters his plants > ad B”
é I o 0 | ’ |} days at a {ime. Hence much hand)- ri! R 1at 3 3 ot “ a pon as he wistied ‘them to grow, hé sup 2 3 Tw o A
: H~lng of Ice ig saved as well a& con-|¢ 0 relate tha iroug F the { * 3 x : O 3 I a

Te rable time. The buildings made | brince traveled down the Danpbe dis- J Plies n lamp with meteury vapor fon There; Are No { bstacles fe «

of wood, the studding being boarded | guised*as-a second-class passenger un- | fuel and the seeds germinate indless L i i Yays

N on both sides; It would be advisable'| il nt Twran-Severln, on Roumaniag J 1Dan mf the ordinars time, while the - in the way of your coming here for expert work in_ . 4

igre poet a i} to fll the space between the two | sofl,.ne left the boat and was greeted | Vigor nnd intensity of the color of the . wy al 4 L] w!

: hoardings ‘with planer shavings «or bye his future prime mwiaister, Aus- } overs is superior to that of the prod- . utomo 1 e ire epair b=hal

T F I oon & SON good quality gawdust. The reof 1s | (oo "a woo and might Have taken ac | Met grown, naturally. : X ht \ —
’ * . ; , ae Joe hinges The alee tion, but her great war with Prussiz {  Augther curious phenomenon’ no: We understand every detail of our work and have every * ; tha eo;

4 J ! tion: Plenty of RL is “hsed | Was about to break oat and she. soon tict: in connection with this action of facility for rendering satisfactory service promptly. by re

Wholesale Dealers in Grain and Seeds. » around {he fea next to the walle, and { Hed more grievous troubfes. The oth- {liziit fs an Infnite multipifeation of When you have a puncture, cut or blow out, consult ’ for a
Ee also a good depth over the fop, none] er powers declined to Intervene, | the deny substance commonly found us: about it. ” : ; cap

ONTARIO.

freA
HARROW. - however is used betwean the cakes of | and the sultan of Turkey, the prince's { an stems. Those grown In shadow bal: : \

pe ad ‘ fee) “If a few cakes of Joe are, re- | nominal suzerain, confirmed the ‘mew | lizve the stems relatively bare, Ver Up - T0 - DATE TIRE, REPAIR SHOP re
EE - . - | auired for household Mize they may | ruter. Thus I'rince Carol Rept his ¥ cod practizal reselts have been ob | J 3 w |

i vdus 7 . !oway g

== | ba _eaeily taken out of the sawdust !qhrone, : mye inlined by (is system, R. B. McMORROW, Manager. - a
t Inthe {op of lcg-house or a! one eidps i

ous tis i A A

lhe ost wa ee a 41 Pitt St, E. Windsor. ~ Phone 396 >} J 7

HOME ; TE Shi beeen, thoratore, (hat thi i nowt: Si of Sse i ; Hot Blast of Volcanoes. 1 Ls a SY

: type of ice-house does double duty. in 1e Hebraic Iden of God as an ab- Writing fod the Monthly Weather VULCANIZING "PN

¥ . a degree, namely, providing on small | Solute, Immutable, transcendent Being, Review Gearge N. Cole géts- forth de x

BAKED A 5 lee-cold storage rool, cooled by the | Who yvetireveals himself and works out ptalied arguments. to prove that the porati

ice mass directly An fiddition to hous-§ Bis willin. and through the life of ror blast which swept over the city and 2

Ing ice for various incidental uses {n Israel his people; who Is at once tri- of St. Plerre dusing the eruption of reaper

“When you use bread made by your Home Baker { fue Som merit ma) Iu 8 case of ig | bal and universal, at opce 8 Zietophye Mont Peloe, ns well ns similar blasts G

z x 3 ere would not be much need | jel principle and a ve resent he 5 i

you have a Double Satisfaction for taking out lve except far s¥pply- culo y ng ple A Ty pre P | in conncerton with, the eruption of In wh

ing theshousehold refrigerator as the | 0 Hme of need, at onee Independent | oo Sey sdlestroyed Pompell and (0

Y h B Th . i A Bold Te Ii ae as Tos of ull human agency and in some way Herenloneum. (he. eruption of Taal, sched

1 ou get f Ee est ere IS ardinary cooling and preserving of unable to fulfil himself except through Sakurajimn, ete, derived its heat frém ; Fly

products, the striving of men for goodness—that | |," vy compression of the air sur »

2 You Help Your Own Town Belleving. this arrangément to be { 1dea Is typical of an attitude to the f | io a volcuno, and not from ] DON’T SUFFER.PAIN—-BUY ment f

. : valuable, and Jn many cases practic | world which can: defy logic without conditions In tha voleano itself. In and be against of 1 servio

: 1 able on Ontario: farms, I have much | stoking Into mysticism, and can fosist other. words, It wns nt. cecording to ch ory pasa! ering To rele ee the ty,

We are putting out a loaf that we recommend. i Try It. Plenbure in recommending It to farm- | on, the application of abstract Em Fo pathos: an outpouring of fint ine, soe throat aad Fur over 6 big

: ers in general.—R. R. Graham, O. A. { ciples in human life without muking ater gases that cuted the de ong 0 house. Hass 1 uses. ! 0% a affeot|

Gallego, Guelph. 7] human life the slave of abstractions, in the rahe nl a A Gaolors ber HIRST REMEDY €O., Hamilton, Canad, ment;

> ; = ’ 1 | In every manifestation of the<Hebraw f ., "(ano 00S To ; a oy {e

BEACOM - Core Street Bakar Qn soon sei a | SI he iiiude can be. discrnea. | 17 #IONETE the prnzaton oF the | eee ps

= . Phone 61 ween dABAnE HL Coneds Since pa It Las still something to say to the f © a , : . font

I Rp ‘war broke out and have increased | World and In the Jewish Palestine of Admiraity’s Humor. ’ \ J (z

abont 650,000 since 1914, However, | the future its new. word will be spo- Pie Tiptree WE es : : ia : ilnes

” F : a real good heayy draft horse {s'hard | ken—not merely, perhaps not pr." The Dritish admitity hos a sense . 4
€¢ A ° » JJ] to find, and If Gld Country markets | marily. through literature’or art, but | of hriaqr, und occasionally disploys it ; . a Oy :

Orange Lily ave y lle are any criterion of the trend of af- | through its particular way of han: | in offelal doeumesrs, RC) :

These words or expresalons having

the same meaning are contalued

In hundreds of the letters I Nave

rocelved during the past year.

Many were from women who suf

fered agonies from falling of womb.

others from women who had escap-

ed dangerous operations, as the

tumors and ulcers had been re-

moved by the action of Orange

Lify; and others who had suffered

from suppressed menstruation)

Ioucorrhoea, painful” periods, ete,

: . a For all these and the other trou-

bles known In general 2a Women's Pl sorders, Orange Lily furnishes a posi-

tive scientific, never-failing cure. It Is applied direct to. the suffering organs,

and Its ration is certain and beneflelnl. ~ As a -tnfa? actually praves its

merit; I hereby offer to send absolutely free, a box worth 46c, sufficient for

ten days" treatment, to every suffering woman who will write for it. Enclose
~ 3 atdmps, Mrs. Lydia W. Ladd, Windsor, Ont. 5 .

; : SOLD BY LEADING DRUGGISTS EVERYWHERE,

feirs an awakening fn the Canadian
Draft Horse marke! should soon fol-
low. Draft geldings are sciling in
England for from $300 to $500 and
even up to §1,000 cach. A returned
offfiter 461d. me recently of seeing a

number of Canadian geldings (artil- |

lery and tranaport horses) sold in
Old London for £100 ($500) each.
About one-fifth of Great Britain's or-
dinary supply of work horses went to
the war and a number of useful brood
mares were also taken. France, Bel-
glum, Russia and Germany, four of
the great horse-producing countries,
have fost a heavy percentage of their
horse stock during the war. Already
a shipment of Percherons has gone
from Western Canada -to Franco, and
it would seem that durlug the period
of reconstruction our horse market
will be East and not "West. 1it will
pay to breed any horse on the Cana-

, dian farm the heavy draft of good

guality should turn in most money to
his owner, % ¥

Frank Thomas, a well-to-do bachie-

lor farmer a¢ Travers, Alta, was}

found dead in his bed. Af
Colon Lafortune, last , arvivor of a

family that had several centdnarfans, |
died at Port Dover in his -

+B and second year.
“When the Gm of AT.

od.

dling the practical problems of . or-
ganized human soclety.—From “The,
Future of Palestine,” by Leon Simon,
in Asin Magazine.

Pat “Produced the Goods.” J
A zealous exelse officer was sent to
Clrelend to” try ta locate several
“moonshine” stills which were known
to exist.

Meeting 0 native the excise officer
approached Pat, suylog: :

“I'll give you five shillings, Pat, it
you can take me to a private sufi.”

“Troth, an’ .I will, sir,” was Pat's
reply, a8 he pocketed thé money,
“Come with me.” 2

For many weary miles over mou
tain, bog, add moor they tramped,
until. they came Into view’ of a bare
tacks. Pointing fo a soldier seated on
a step Inside the square, Pat sald:

“There yon are, sir, ms brother
Mike; he's been no soldier for tem
rears, an’ he's a private stil”

GIVES OUT RI 4
Wo

‘pensation Board-|
during that ye thes )

|
:]
i

An old seo egmatiy wrote ta the de-
partment complaining, more In sorrow”
hen fn anger, of dhe wis in which hig
ship had been dozziepainted: “First
vou nake me lok Jike a parrot. nnd
then yoy nmke we nok like a hay-
stock, and T.dovy want to look ike
euher.” 10 got back the official re)
phy t = :
“We dat wait you to look like |"

either a pumot or a haystack, but we |

du wont yar to took ike as if your
stern Wak where your head aught to
be”

Mines Threaten Shipping. + §
Nuval authorities say it will be sev-
ern! tears before the waters ot, Ea-
rope axventirely free of floating mines.

Many of fhe German mines destroyed | fas

hy allied tnwlers were found ta ha

been moored‘ tv. ropes, When the rope |

rotted the minw broke

Comfort Lys is» a very powerful
cleanser. It is used for clesning up
the oldest and hurdest dirt, grease, eto.

Comfort Lys.is fine for making sinks.
drains and closets sweet und clean.

, Comfort Lye Kills rats. mice. roaches »

sud insect pesta.

Comfart Lys will do the hardest
spring cleaning you've got: b

Comfort Lye. is good for making soap.

IPeopwdered, perfumed and 100% pure.

 
