 
 
 
  
   
   
    
 
   
    
    
    
    
    
   
   
    
 
 
  
 
   
       
  
   
   
       
  
   
   
   
   
        
     
    
    
    
      
   
  
 
    
    

 

   

 

  
 

Si WHEN BEATTY PUT TO SER

10h ¥ \ TA
d % 0, A : | . Like Drake of Ofd, Commander of

i
British Fleet Left the Tennis y |
Court for Battle. Prospector for Gold One of For-

te : tunate Men.

Scarcely had I arrived ot Aberdour

when I learned that some unusual ve- i
port had come in from the sen, Lieu- | With Bellef in One's Luck to Be

tenant Hunter writes in the World's “Just Ahead” the Buffets of Fate

 

Work, The admiral had orvived be- Are Things at Which
fore me and continued to tnlk on to Laugh
his open wire for some moments. The # :

fleet at once dropped from four to two The typleal prospector for gold, still
and one-half hours’ notice for stenm [map with fn the fur hills and deserts,
and shortly afterward wns making mny well be taken by nll men as an
preparation, for departure at & Wo exymple and an inspiration ns far as
ment's notte, When Sir David came Vepa- plessings of staying hopes are
dut to the tennis court he suggested concerned, says the Los Angeles

that I need not answer the recall | mimes.
signal from my ship 08 expected, but “Hope deferred maketh the heart

       

OTT 0

      
 
 

  
 
 
     

  
 

  
   
  
 
 
  
   
     
    
    
   
   
    
  
      

Billy Murray Slyly ings Merry Music 3 A

And Hod Say 0b-La LA Neel Weel Marvelous Melodi Seidel Plays Wild rem wi im «ton betiee ther | te says the provers, Bt It I not

: e y arvelous lvielodies Intend to shove off without me” he (4 good proverb. No ‘matter how long"
added, We started our gnme, but | goforred a hope may be it should

  
  
 
 
  

over the wire the ndmiral had thrown | payer be abandoned. It should never
the scent into the kennels and already | po anything but an {nspiration and an
the lenders of that great puck, 80 |jncitement.

apparently listless n short hour be- Take this nomadic tribe of prospec-
fore, were bristling and snarling ob fors, for Instance. The typigal pross
the new-found trail. With a plensant pector is a man who has spent per-
smile Admiral Beatty Jerked DIS {haps the most of his life pursuing a
racket toward the Firth. From the | hope that has never been realized. Yet
court which overlooks the entrance |e never find them discouraged. We
could be seen the first of the screen: | never know them to end thelr days
ing. groups as they slipped quietly to} n despair. No matter how many thelr
sea. Division followed division, 88 |years of failure may be they will tell
destroyers, light cruisers and scouts | you that just beyond the next chain
pessed on to their appointed sks | of hills or fn the heart of a still unex-
The grand fleet was in motion. TO | plored desert the treasures they seek

The Radiance in Your. Eyes, Wheeler
Waisworth, Saxophone solo. Sing Me
Love's Lullaby, hoaler Wadsworth
Saxophones solo, A272, 10-inch 600

A edley of Neapslitan Son: Part, Pap-
srello’s Mandoline Orchestra. Medley
of Neapolitan tangs, Part 11 Paparello’s
Mandoline Orchestra. JEL, 10-snch 900

Te'l Mother YM Be There. Earl F, Wikia.
Wark, for the Night is Coraing. Earl F.
Wilde, A772, 10-4neh 900

man's popular plang; Oh!
Oh! Oh! Those Landlords.” A You Can't Get Lavin’ Where Thers An's
lf 7/ ls RO Any Love, Nora Bayes. Mammy's Plck~

A-27C5—90¢ - { uninny, Don't You Cry. Nora Baye
5—90¢ - | "42321, 10-inch 900

Caroling Sunshine, Sterling Trin. Give Me

» Smile and Kiss, Charles Harriron.
ALTT0, 10-inch 608

i 1)
Gypsy Dances
Gypsy musicians
BN Dn S35 we Ye dancing,
4 J craze in Hungary i
their famous “Csar®
das,” ‘or tavern
dances. Perhaps the
most dazzling of this
fascinating music is
the “Hejre Kati (pro-
founced High-ra-cat-
ty), scenes from the
sarda.” Toscha Sei-
del interprets it with
irresistible fire.

Only “0Oo-La Lal Weel
\Veel” is not much of a Frendy
vocabulary. But Billy Myc.
ray makes it mear.a latin this
snappy syncopated song.
) Coupled with-+Irving Kaui-

SEVERIN DUCHARME, ex-M.P.P,

Hundreds of friends of Severin Du-
chagme, ex-M.P.P., North Essex; re-
gret to. learn that through fliness he
haa been compelled to withdraw from
the Legislative race (n North Essex.
It fs a matter of common knowledge
that Mr. Ducharme has bedn poorly
for some time, and was 2 no condition
to undertake the pre e of work
necessary to a compaign. Monday,
after his nomination papers had been
prepared, he had a sudden seizure,
and acting on the advice of his phy-
sician he withdrew from the contest.

 

    
   
   
 
 

 
   
 
  
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
   
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
  

     
   
 
  
   

 

  
      
   
 
  
  
  
     
    

 

 

   

  

  
  
 
  
   
    
 

 
 
 
  
  
 

The Hesltaling Blues. Adele Rowland. I'm 7
Goin 10 Br That ison Dison Line 49630—$1.50 motion at, the direction of Its great | gre surely awaiting them, Mr, Dycharme repr d North Es
; : 4] Mr. e represented Nort -
: Wz Ce Wild Honey, Fox-Trot, Waldorf-Astoria commander {in" chlef. who, while-ac-{_’A most sincere and persistent ma gox in
] The Waldo:f-Astoria Dance Dance Orchestra. Hawafina Smiles, tually commanding his fleet by wire, | iy the prospector. He belleves in his | five Ie hist Wg N
was also my partner in a gnme of ten- | quest and respects It. The little or |.est in all progressive legislation, and 1

being appointed of some of the most
important committees * of the House.
His retirement leaves a straight fight
between A. G. Tisdelle, Tilbury North,
U. F. O. candidate, and Dr. Paul Pois-
son, of Tecumseh, Conservative.

  
 

the much that hé wins by spasmodic
toll he Invests In his dreams. He
braves the solitudes and the lonely
wastes: of the world to reach the goal
for which he strives, Hunger, thirst
and other hardships and sufferings he
endures with a willing heart.

And he mever despalrs. That's the
glory of the prospector—he never de-
spairs.

The average, man, hedged in by the
traditions of towns ‘and cities or set-
tled in the humdrum of the country,
looks upon the prospector as a queer
and somewhat demented fodividual.
We laugh at this strange fellow-who
ts pictured to us as plodding along In
the wildernesses und the sandy deso-
lations with his pack and his burro,
following the will-o-the-wisps of for

tune,

Orchestra Plays "My Cairo ~~ Viaii= Yepkas® Jussi Orchestra ©
i) - : 4 At? inch

| Love and "Meici Beaucoup® yar, [FonTrat. Princes Dance Orch 3
an Grainger Glorifies |

* “My Caio Love,” Am, inch 10 “Hungdatian Fantasyfa

,
chat novel fox-tro Tu the Ten=t of @ Poel, Henty Burr. Ive
fox-trot from Ta the Gee ot Poel. I'm Satisfied, Henry

the Onent, has all the Bum Atrez, toinch 9 Here is the first really

rhythmic severbera- Swart Bewllen Moonlight Was, Ealalold great and successful phon-
5 awaiian Orchestra, Introducing Halona H i
tions of an oriental  Fawailas Nights Wahtz, Kalaluki Hawaiian ograph record of a piano

orchestral classic. In these

" . Orchestra. AZ761, 10-4nch Bo
gong. “Merci Beau- thrilling, heroic melodies;

12 yi ohelic Fe Louisinn: 3 A
Cally EN emD thar Tip Ali Dr estra Introducing: 1 in the glorious, thunderous
Vi ake 3 : Minnfe. 2 Oh! Laddie, 8, Victory all 3 M
will make you, step all Navassa City Pluss, Wilbur C. Sweetman’s chords and the swiftly np-
tic way Oririnal Jazz Band. A768 10-inch 900 hing, rons fron on ® end

$ 4 of the keyboard, Cc!
Pickiss, Fox-Trot, Yerkes Novelty : n x
A-2754—90c La en aveeliy’ Pie Blues, Grainger is at his mospfbril-
Sensation, Jazz One-Step, Yerkes’ Mar- Jiang best.
imbaphone Band.  ASII& 184nch $1.59
Can't Yeu Teah Mo Callin’, Carsline, Oscar A.6115—$1.50
1 Seagle and Columbia Stellar Quartatia.
4 Smilin’ Through, Oscar Seagle.
! A762, 10-sneh $1.00. >

Our Yesterdays, Barbara Maurel. Think,
Love,of Me, Barbard Maurel,

 
 
     
     
        
    
     
         
      

nis, Messages came to him too often
for his lking, as far as the game wus
concerned. Several he dispatched In
reply, but ft soon became. too hot.
foreing departure for a sterner game.

DEMAND NOW IS FOR MUSIC

Freak Attire and Mannerisms No
Longer Attract Streams of Dollars
to the Concert Hall.

It looks as If the old order of mn-
slcians will soon be moss covered. The:
tously hended individual in freak at-
tire does not find his camoufluged per-
gsonnlity a passport to capacity houses.
It the. dead composers had Messages
for modern humanity the messages
must be Interpreted. bY modern men
and modern women.

  
   
 
 

   
 
   

     
    

  
 
  
 

  
 

 

 
  
   
  
     
  
   
    
   
  
   
   
   
  
   
    
   
    
    
    
   
   
  
   
   
   
 
     
  
   
    
  
  
     
    
  
  
  
    
  
  
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
   

  
 
  
  
   
 
   
   
 
      
      

NORTH ESSEX NOMINATIONS.

 

 

A fair sjzed crowd gathered at Te-
cumseh on ‘Monday for the North Es-
gex nominations. The papers of
Severin Ducharme, Liberal; A, G. Tis-
delle, U.F.,0., and Dr. Paul Poissin,
Conservative, were filed with Malcolm
Clapp, Returning Officer, but before
the nominations were closed, Mr. Du-
charme’s were withdrawn, as he waa
taken with a sudden f{llness, which has’
threatened him for some time, and he
decided to act on the advice of his
physician and withdraw from the
rigors of public life, as he was advised
he was In no condition to stand the

   

 

 
     
   
 
   
 
  
  

   
  
  
   
 
 
  
   
   
 
   
 
  
 

   
 

 

  
  
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
       
   
  

  
 
  
 
  

But the prospector is only doing In

  
    
   
   
   
  
 

  
 
  
 
 
   

 

f ~ A768, 10-inch $1.00
Ov: “La Fi Del Daatine’, Col- The musician of today looks lke a ! 1 \
oniie, Symphony Orchestra; Belectlen a engh Avy Band - smart business or professional min his -way what we are doing in ours. | strain of a political” campaign.’ The
from *'La Fors Del Destine” Columbia uperbd 1n Arlesienne rather than an Idle dreimer. observes We are following each our own dream {asues of the day were discussed.
as the, prospector 18 following his.

Symphony Orchestra A6118,12-inch $1.50
the Philadelphia Record. He is aR WINDSOR BORGTITUEHEV. ;

good a customer as the barber has, The only difference {s that we pro-

 

  
   
  
  
  
  
       

Bizet's exquisite “Arle-
’
Major J. C. Tolmle, Liberal, and

  
   

    
  
  

J > ¢
“Breeze” (Blow My Baby Bada: ite! v
To Sis a Yoo: Dot FX Sut eho ° See, Be have Short cropped hair js supplanting the ceed In safety and without adventure,
! [3 3 A Columbia. veteran bandsmen of the shaggy Jocks of foriner days. , The Otherwise Wwe are “the same as the William Woollatt, Conservative, were
J schoolboy's. Windsor tie and low. ¢ol- | wanderer of the desert and the hills. pominated at Sandwich, and made ad-
dresses to three hundred electors.

   

And also we are soon discouraged and
we are casy prey to defeat, while ft 15
denth alone that can defeat the pros

pector.
It seems to us that of all the mis-

fortunés there are in life—nand heaven

         

Novelty Record Booklet

Every Colambia Dealer Has it

Marne, for they play it as
if they loye Lig in Bi-
ze’s opera Carmen, these
melodies are strongly in-
fluenced by the composer's
study of French and Span-

The Conservtive candidate declared y
against the open bar, giving his opin-
fon that by acception’ question”four on
the ‘prohibition ballot the Proyince
would have a better temperance sys-
tem than at present, “Even If the

lar have given way to the neat four in
hand and regular business man's col:
lar. The Buffalo Bill chupenu is
ousted by the conventional fedora, Odd
mannerisms which “serve no useful

Arthur Fields and Jack Kaufman, a
new Columbia vocal combination, sing A
this harmonious sweetheart” song.
Coupled with Billy Murray's rollick-

 
 
   

   
   
 
 
 
 
  

   
   
    
  

  
   
 
   
   
  

Columbia Records are made in al}

    
    
      
     

we “ing, jovial, jocular rendering of “Fake fds are
Me Back to the Land of Jazz.” x ish folk‘music. On the = purpose are cust off. ;
New Colambia Records on Sale back, “La Feria,” an in- The modern musician Is a good | knows there. are many—the -misfor- | electors of the Province favor reintro-
i miser. Heqwnnts to know his public | tune of hopelessness Is the worst. duction of the bar, I- would do all in
) my power to prevent the return of the

the 20th of Every Month at - spiring Spanish - bull-ring

    

   
   
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
   
 

   

A-2766=00 1l Columbia Dealers
a olumbia Dealers. ; 0 , -
march.” } . first hand, and he enters {nto the gen- | “Only for hope the heart would dle, iy :
COLUMBIA GRAPHOPHONE: CO. A-6114—$1.60 eral life of the community Tnstend of | sald a poet. It was a true thing. to gE LE A |
Toronto us by i ~ acting, the recluse, By mingling he | say. “Whatever the people want I will
‘And about this wonderful thing of | see that they get it,” was’ the . reply

   

 
  

e

J. J. BRAULT,
Music House, Amnsherstburg, Ont

bas learned that people now want
music, not gesticulations nor di‘ess.

 

of Major Tolmie, “If they vote for the
return of the bari it is the duty of the %.-
men who arelelected to the Legisla-.
ture to see that the will of ehe people
(8 carried out. That is true democratic
government, the ‘kind for which our
boys fought in France.” :

Four Montreal ‘brokers have lost >
"$25000%ine" Victory Bonds within the
past week. ay »
—School principals are asked by the
Minister of Educatipn to afd fn pub-.&
licity work for the coming Victory” =
Loan. #4 £0

Bert, six-yearold son of Albert
Proedy, of Casey. township, Northern
Ontario, died ns a result of the unex:
plained dischurgé of a rifie left near a

window ‘by his bfother.

AUCTION ‘SALE 7

   

   

hope there Is another way. to look at It

Concert goers are more concerned:| and that is that we should always
abont ‘what: they, hear than what they | have at least one hope mhead: That
see. An artlst's reputation for frénk- |s to say, we should always have some-
{shness off the stage does. not offset: | thing .that we look forward ta. Then,
poor execution on the stage. The mu | jf what we have In hand falls us, the
gle-Joving public hus developed to the | other thing that we ‘look forward to
aint where sham and pretense are ust- | will stay us, ¢ 3
less. Nothing but thé ability to pro- Hope Is something to be busy with.
‘duce good musle can: get post. It is something 0f which we should
—————— accumulate a Store. Always have,

nsor Hun Telephone Talks. plenty of hopesiand have them so. that
Cent p thay will reach out and last awdy Into

At first, all use of telephones was

forbidden to the Inhabitants of occu- the years of the future,

pled towns (of Germany): but this There i8 resily something mysteri-
rule has been relaxed also. In the | ous-iibout a hope. Af you will cherish
French zone the natives are allowed | it faithfully and keep It warm: inryour
4 telephone calls within their own ih Be oe De ho Be
w) ns ow » ; S
while in Coblenz the Americans a ation ialisn

this "and ulso permit the use of Jive
trunk lines from the accupled- territory perhaps we might better say that we

    
  

 
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
  
   
    
    
    
  

    
    
     
 

 

   
    

 

     
       

 

    
    
  
  
 
       

 
  

 
   
 

    
  

  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  

  
 
     
 
     
   
  
  
  
   

 

 
 
  
    
   
   
  
  
   
    

 

  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  

 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
   
  
  
  
    
  
   
   
 
 
 
   
   
   
  
  
   
   
  
 

  
  
   
    
  
   

:. ———
Co , en ; ih £5 HA ky G Thus a German | are what our hopes.are, "
od . efle {nto Germany proper. 5 3 Ab 00 nd ’ :
oun use Peps. ! Tic directly to a Ger- Since“theén a long-cherished hope is There will be sold by Tublle Auction, ot
adi Gentlemen: ; K5a pens eb, plat met ely fo be realized, mirely it | FOR Conch Coknggstor Sonth Got BCE
d L ® i lat is dissolved Bxcept In cases of extreme persons Toe eat Tl a J WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 29th, 1819 -
Thr 3 ¥ ¢ “a . . ch calls are Suppose a A ;
i powerfulmed) Beaten the a of | Hope for the best aheredf—not great PLES A Ted Be Aust iy
and of course riches; not.any material possession, | yew); Oliver Riding. Cultivator; 1-Horse =
anltivatop; Demis Tobacco Transplanter;

  

leased in the
form of healing

fumes,. These *°S}

5S, )

Lim Cia «)isten In” on | but peace for the heart and a serene

every call. This privilege was given to. [ path for the white years of old age.
ER

     

LILC. Wagon and Stock Rack (near new) i
1 12-plate Disc (nearly news Syplate
Massey-Harris Side” Delivery Rako

   
    

   

 

L'

"We have a store full of Fall and Winter

1]

  
     
   

  
 
   
     
      
   
  
 

 
   
 

 

   
   
  
   
     
   
   
      
       
  
  
  
 
  
      
  
     
    
   
 

 

     
  
  
 
   
  
  
   
 
 
 
   

. S . ; ol aled with
d selected care ull ¢ or the A re Inhale and .the Germans of Coblenz because it wns ’ ~ | any 'Toader (new); Maasey-Harris Mower,
0 1 the br
Al 4 come into direct found: thit the shdden and complete Cotton Growing In China. git en) iy Massoy Harel Binfof HA
, : » contact with the tlon of: contact between the Now that China has decided what | AE St Lor Rubber-Ti . BU
3 needs of Amherstburg, Anderdon and Malden. bronchial tubes SSL, the Nine caused a great kind of cotton seed does best in that a: a Harness (new); ox
: . : : Vy and Jpags ay den) of inconvenience and suffering— | country, and i8 distributing It by the | Double Harness, a
5 way t medi- 5 lool h ton to.farmers, cotton growing Starts HORSES—1 Bay Horse, 10 years old;
A . 4. D Gregory Mason In Outlook. > el ME A Se, ;
We make a specialty of Fall and Winter Un- cine swallowed Musop Io Oulook | 4” en geographic deseonment. | 53, 36h LE rk Prue briviad
* Rio cannot possiblydo, meta, | Toe tiie may yut coma when Be C1 YS aE = Rit B soars Oly ue tn Fol
Ll i nese laundryman, far from home, WAL TES Cow, 8 years vid; owt? yoars old,
eifer, 2 years old;

By this direct
action, Peps: not
only strengthen
and protact © any
weak spot in chest
or throat, but give
immediate relief
to those suffering
from . bronchitis,

_ The i po yan gompstaigely croon oxer his collars that he 1s “stl | bun first November: Hell e id
qulet when the ten-year-old son Er longing for the old plantation.” Work Helrer, 18 muons is. old; Steer, 18 months
up from the last page of a pecent Issue | ho gh ring several years In four ex- oS jeers, 10 pam: old; calf, 10

&¢ the News and Inquired of both par | oo rjnone stations indicates that out of out 80 Chickens (Cash).
ents ie om EL Shout forty varieties of seed the kind known ens Cabinet (ear
this here 'Abe Martin?" ere's never | leg en 1g best sulted for Chinese y ( y Kitchen Range:
. » , Box Stove; Separator ( ly new); Bars
anything t' eat In a home wheres th’ | riivation. It appears that “Trice” Nn 8 allons (new); Iron Bed,
Springs 3 ass: 150 foet Lumber

vf on an allownnee.” “The Joke, | io . x i KR
wife is ; yields 141 cntties to the moe, which Mg™ | Stine and A os

  
  

   
   
  

arate garments and combi-.
h should appeal to

 

derwear, all wool, sep
“nations, the price of whic

 
    
  
 
  
   

    
 

      
   

 

: fred ofe de ffeieeepedrdedbebbd b bd

everybody. Ad

; : asthma, Dig )

- : cough, my son,” his father replied, “is that bo the Chinese way of saying something | about 12 DDS, Watering Trough’
stend of spending. the aliowance fOF | ovo than’ 141 pounds per ‘one-sixth 4Gr ly kd tons’ Hay: §2 acres Corn ht

dealers ox Pepéd
Go., Toronto. Bbc.

  

Jeseut Saws 1 “Cyclone Seed=

  

eats, tha wife blows it In for clubs, | oe (1 acre, for the catty weighs about wire;

  

   
 
 
  
  
   
    
        
  

    
 
  
  
  
   
  

 

   
 
 
  

A £ I clothes, candy and conventions.” “No, | ono ¢hird more thun the English pound. | or: Grain Bugs; Ice Cream Freezer (new):
; Af 3 A d “| 20" yaras Ain carpet: § yards Wool
- FRE TRIAL son,” sid the mother, “the fact is that | phe Chinese pound, for, that matter eT: Narn. a aning
| my CTU. the allowance 18 not lurge enough tO eyli¢g “kin,” but for’ some renson | DIning Table, 8-foot: Window Shades, and
Send this sdver- provide n hatel menu, though he men | coraimers prefer to call ft u “catty.” othier articles 100 NUMEFous. 10. MENHUR.
: Salo tarts ap 1 o'lock P.O. sharp. ©

tisgement and lc. soom “to (hidk It is. And that Is no Bahia

     

Re

 
  
  

      
     
    
      
      
  
  
 
 
  
   

  

EE \ foke, elther.*—Indlnnapolls News, 67,048 Animals, Sent ‘Overseas. i or under $40 cash
Toronto, and re ea | x In a statement made by the war te over {hat amount at mon Credit oh
A 3 i ¢ gt raishi rov oint, notes, or 6G pa
celve free trial ¢ Bullet in Brain Twenty Years. pariment it appears that since the fur ishing apr edt Joint, totes; Sans.

 
 
 
 

 

After living. for 20 years with a [United States entered the war and to in off :0F 4 I
bulletin his brain, Edgar Wilgus, an " Jnnuary 11. 1919, this government ttle to cre in. FRANK MILLER,
‘Insurance broker of Trenton, No Ji was. shipped overseas from this country Auctioneers, Erni
1 killed by n B-foot fall on the granite | 67948 animals, which included: 5,480
| steps of n New York hotel, The med: | civairy horses, 83,300 draft horses, 28,
cn examiner, discovering the bullet in | 088 draft mules, and 975 pack mules,
the man'g.brain, thought at first that, The total number of animals lost enf'
| jie hod. been unaccountably: shot, but | route, overseas so far reported is 600}
‘jearned by telephoning to his homo | horses and mules, or less than 1 per |}
\ nd carried the bullet in | cent of ithe total mumber of animuls |§

 

 
 
  

 
  
  
 
 

   

        
  

  
   

     
 
 
 
  
   

 

   
 
  

‘| how long he ba
‘head.

   
  
  
