   
  
   
    
     
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
    
   
    

   
   
    

——
——

nderdon.

 
 
 
  
    
 
  
      
   
   
    
   
  
    
  
   
 
  
   
 
   
     
   
  
 
   
    
      
   
    
 
  
 

the Commision J

such , 48 provided for In clause 4 ; 3

ano, Jlucons or premium, and on dn Jeet, bi psig

raflway, tly s sole discretion shall deem to be in the interest of the

herein Pt or boil being used solely Tor the purhiets
‘ ebenture: |
Bposed af from time to time shall be such yan corporat iy dou by

   
     
     

  
  

   

ee A

Total amount of

debentures to be is-|Dominion Seed Purchasing

sued by respective sion. ©

“pool. with the tow: ™ . “ oe al 3 §
pston under |, The consolidated balance

CTaiige 2 (b) |covering the operations of. Hg od 0

     

Township of A

      
   

 

Toon

   
        
     

   
  
 
 
 
  

  
  
   
    
   
     
  
  
  
   
  
    
   
  
  

 
 
   
   

 
 
   
   
   
   
  
     
  
   
   
   
   

   

  
  
     

  
  
 
   
   
   
  

LAW to authorize & certain agreement made betw the C
or power Commission af Ontario and the Manion Gor rE lec-| to oe ae Joa amayt of debenciiey, du vray Ming given a RAMON |
Township of ahition, Ee ar oe erations, for the he ang a otiur equitable eS yvice rendered, th comparative revenue derived, | Township of Sandwich Bast...c....coooveers 0H rome soso s- $260,086 adian Government Seed Pu
sructiO Hydro-Electric Rallway ‘Act, 1914, of an Electric Railway | ilcen, €) To make uo agreement or arrangement with, and to grant n bo bd of SaMIWICh Yaar. Ma g50 Commlasion {or the baat threw Jotths
’ W' and amendments thereto, 86 or other inducement to any other railway or "transportation pb Sway aan, ads B HH The — audited ani ound go wo
| oiohan ar other inducement. to any other rallway or transportation. cmpany | JOWD 00 up hl, . i o total sums advanced by the bo?
200,940 partment of Finance for the purchase =~

Town of Walkerville. F
... 262178 of seed supplies, on requisition from =

under wThe 3
without the written consent of the Commission;

  
 
  

 

 

  

  

         
 
   
   
     
    
   
  
  
 

   

     

 

 

  
  
   

   
  
   
  
  
 

  

     
    
 
  
 

 

wheres It Js expedient bid $ije Corporation of the Township of Anderdon (d) To ke
eS En A IR a Le ee ee ERT
inf Cunha gt Onl BER ci I ml | BE Bi i 3 be keg ad oherved and | Towa of CULL IIIT dae ie Demon Sod Somme
ir iro the Magill of he Kava dion” rent °° a ot il LIL eal of tei Sh 0 Wat Ce
molt LC forth and at ha. conditions = Jur ant to (e) fo furnish a free right of way for the: rallw it » Total amount of bonds to be jssued mentioned In Clause 3..... $2,100.00 $11,903,487.76. © Net aspats cluding
Ev, and according to the routes set forth in Schedule “A” = is 77 nes of the Commission over any property of the rs Pets The Hydro-Electric Power Commission sddy grain. in storage dre od at:
| greement the estimated cost of the wid Eirini ke MC LINE Re EL thereof oronerlyy. : aot tls experienced od Bran

And WHCEEHAS 4 whereas the er of the under the sald Agreement gon a ren thereto as may be desired by the Commission. EEE Car Te ee on ; Seal || omcers Comprising. the tai of th

dhe cost of the construction,| or cause to be created et Ra Hs a bo vari beeen dW A toss Tae. samt
Pring es Soreiary et och omanjishod Che Hed

  
  

 
 
 
 

E yanicipsllt hb !
i, hedule “BY to. the sald Agreement b
Coat In Sche the C. ent, subject to adjustments and} aroperty 0
Be ttweeh "Corporations by. the Commis; ment: nd} J perty and cNects belonging thereto or held p v
gn rovided by the aald Agreement; aslon from tme to tha rallway constructed, acquired, operated rl Boro E  BRYY —_ y :
Aud grou: ronal pat estimated to be ‘required for the main BD Sele agreement, and to be for the total amounts mentioned Te i al ee mary, and sold a he not <0 ra ; :
4% the ra way, BPArt from operating expens Lo ain. | 8c ¢ lereto attached; provided that tt »! a z Sai 2
b a revenue being estimated at $491,000.00). Copii 8 (the | obtaining ie consent as herein defined of the Be mien es "Tha bu nosy of ‘ha. Commi
A ATT] 00, 3. ! lor 1d main- | increase the said bond issue’ by g 1088 A Cena  E 0 pori inning October
puting $149,000 00 A sue’ by any amount necessary to cover the capital G B
toon as the total annual amount estimated to be required f . st of extending the railway, and may also without such consent a : 1916 1 ae in optomber’ ois.
a ed for the per- || the sald bond Issue to cover the cost of additional works or equipment of In fudes the ou chive. and wl of va
: cludes the purchase and sale fs
NOTICE, seed wheat, oats, barley, rye, corn,
peas and beans, subject always to In-

id of ten year

. jsued under.{
fo!

ad the said ten-year period for interest is $9

in
$31,000 00,

year pe

de the sal ae
= ga Frits fnd na nd Interest in oat to bo required for or’ redeeming the same at maturity. Debentures {ssued by. the corporations
Ee first ten years us aforesaid, and for the next el Jes L i om It yee with Sigs : (b) horeof, shall to the extent of the par value | Deputy Returning
2 %3, and thereafter at $10,188.32, ofi-the same basis a: 1 years at | of any monds outstanding from time to time, be held or disposed of by the | in Public School Section Nnmber 2 & b, with Francis Monforton as Deputy lgam ou
i an onstruction and equipment, 2 am Ls 52 portion of Commission {n trust for the holders of such bonds as collateral security for | Returning Officer; Polling Sub-Division Number 4, at John B. Dufour's resi: = AR A
Tae RD EATS ny lbs Comrie] adjustments | payment thereof. It being uhderstood and agreed that in the event of any |dence. with Gilbert Jeandofn as Deputy Returning Officer; and that the 5th | pinion Seed Laboratories a otta : oF
\ slon from time | increase of the said bond issue each corporation shall, upon the request of | day of December, 1919, at 3 o'clock in the aftérnoon at ‘Raymond Roclieleau's | winnipeg or Calgary. Delive ih : Pre
residence In tho said Municipality, has been fixed for the appointment of per-| (jstad of bill of lading, I a Yi
final summing up of the voles | man's certificate,seed certificate and fe.
-,

sad apportionme
| «to timo as provide

ation accor
lb ymount of the
geither princip

Anderdon enacts’ as follows:

ad the sald Corporation js hereby authorized to enter into the following
sgeement with the Hydro-Electric Power Commission. of Ontario and other | paid to the Gommission by the corporations upon
Corporations, the sald agreement being hereby incorporated Into and forming proportion adijusted by the Commission. In the event of the failure of the debt or liability is to be cren
a part of this By-law, and the Reeve and Clerk of the Corporation are hereby | any corporation to pay Its share of such a deficit as adjusted by the Com-|the proposed By-law Is payable or for at least twenty-one years and that hel" __ na
authorized and directed to execute the said agreement upon behalf of this | mission, it gihall be lawful for the Commission in the manner provided in| has by the lease covenanted to pay all Municipal Taxes in respect of the COLCHESTER SOUTH
ause ® (b) to dispose of debentures held by. the Commission as security | prope! of which hé Is tenant other than local fmprovement rates. ; > ik be
: A.C MALLLOUX. The following Is a report of S. S. 2
. : Ble No. 7, Colchester South: for the

Corporation

fn the district enum
tiled to vote on the By-law, and any rate required to be levied for payment

of debenture

the rateable property fn such district only.
Made, passed and entered this ........ day of . 19.. to sucth corporation in default until the sald obligation has been fulfilled,
als tnia awe yen alae sa and no suich discontinuance of service shall relieve the corporation in default November report” of S. S. No-A1,
Reeve from the performance of the covenants, provisos and conditions herein Anderdon: ]V—H. Bondy 263. HI celin Deslippe. Sr. JII—Willle  Fer-
s contained: Clafs—N. Dupuis 319, Y. Rochelenu| Lionel H. Clarke, Chairman of the rigs. Jr. Ill—Edna Gerard, Raymond :
RI LON COE Or SRL (oon one- fi 6 In case the Commission shall at any time or times be prevented trom [307, C. Dube 299, R. Bondy 275, A.|Toronto Harbor Commisaion, has | Tetzlaff, Lawrence ‘Rothenbuhler, ie.
Clerk operating thw railway or any part thereof by strike, lockout, riot, fire, | Jones 259, A. Mayville 239, R. Roche-|peen apointed Lientenant-Governor of | Grace Gibb. Sd. I—Hilda Deslippe.
. invasion, explosion, act of God, or the King's enemies, or any other cause |jeau 221, S. Borrowman 207, G. Thrash-| Ontario in place of Sir John Hendrie, {Jessie Ferriss. Jr. II—Arthur Tetz-
2 AGREEMENT HEREINBEFORE REFERRED TO. Tansonably bewond Its control, then the Commission shall not bo bound to | er 186, U. Bezaire 14% B. Turner 134,] whoso term of office has expirod. laff. Sr. I—Leo Deslippe, Walter An-
operate the railway or such part thereof during such time; but the cor-|S, Thrasher. II Class—N. Thrasher About thirty years ago Mr. Clarke |derson, Eileen Plant, Charles Gibb,
This indenture made‘the &.......... day Of J nerninzarsensses in | porations -shaill not be relieved from any lability or payment under - this | 584, L Grondin 415, I. Bondy 3665, F.| wert to Toronto from Guelph, and he | Sr, Pr—Karl Tetzlaff. Jr. Pr.—GQert-
the year of our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and s agreement, amd as soon 8 the cause of such interruption 18 removed , the | Wismer 332, M. Bondy 229, E. Dupuis | has been active in the rraln business. (rude Tetzlaff, Alma Anderson, Idm
Between . Commi¥sfon ‘sthall, without. any delay, continue full .operation of the ral} 297, L. Dunlop 202, M. Mayville 101.| He [s President of the Canatlan Malt-[Plant, Sidney Gibb, Lester, Macken: ¥
THE HYDRO-ELBCTRIC POWER CQMMISSION OF ONTARIO (liere- | way, and eaclh of the corporations shall be prompt and diligent in doing [1 Class—B. Dupuis 373, M. Fryer 371, | ing Co, Ltd., and up until the Donmin- zie, Lanlel Mackenzie. Mary, E. Dil-
lnafter called the Commission”) of the First Part, everything, lin its power to remove. and overcome any such eause or canses |. Jones 366, BE, Meyville 33% x fon Government appointed the ‘Wheat |lon, teacher. } i
and. "| ot Interruption. : Rocheleau 217, B. Bezsire 215. P.| Board, Mr. Clarke was a member of _—
The Municipal Corporation of the Township of Sandwich East, the Town- 7. Tt shall be lawful for, and the corporations hereby authorize the Com-|Grondin 206; U. Borrowman 136. [the Board of Grain Supervisors. Mr. |+ ge p
slp of Sandwich West, the Township of Anderdon, the Town of Ford City, | missiton to unite the business of the railway with that of any other railway | Glass A—R. Mayville 228, N. Dupuis} Clarke in recent years has given con- RAINAGE HELPS
die Town of Walkerville, the: Town of Sandwich, the Town of Offbway, the | system dperated in whole or in part by the Commission, and 'to_exchange 220, D, Wismer 177, K. Fryer 173, N:|siderable of his time to municipal UNPRODUCTIVE AREAS
Town of Amherstburg, and the City of Windsor, (hereinafter called the “Cor- | eaniipment and operators from one system to the other, proper provision |pgyers 170, BE. Grondin v5, J. Roche-[affairs, althotgh he never soucht thel my. gray ton . 2
porations”) of the Second Part. beilng made so that each, system ghall pay its proportionate share of the [jeau 45, G. Mayville 40, “H. Thrasher | suffrge of the people in ony eclvic |i rr nage Sot cen forud to cor-
/hereas pursuant to the Hydro-Electric Railway Act, 1914, and amend- | cst of any equipment used in common. ) 3 30, C. Thrasher 15." Clans B—F. Muy-| office. For one year he was Pres{dent | civ a o it 8, wren ot grayish
ments thereto the Commission (8 requested to inquire Into, examine, 8. It at any time apy other municipal corporation applies to the Com-pyjlle, E. Rochelenu, M. Grondin. Hon-'of the Toronto Board of Trade, He ay pL - commen 3 roughout :
3 foyestignte and report upon the cost of construction and operation of an mijssion for an extension’ of-.the rillway Into its municipality the Com- | org fn Spelling—A. Jones N. Thrash-| was also for a time the city’s epre- (poet “0 Stab] ai crops avy BEY J
electric rallway or railways. to ‘be constructed through certain districts in | mission shall notify the applicant and the corporitions, In writing, of a|er, Eddie Dupuis. Honors in Arith-| sentative on: the York. County Good | gr ociatista. of oe ON Br . ei
which the corporations are situated, together with the probablg revenue that time and place to hear all representations that may be made as to tia terms metic—N. Dupuis, N. Thrasher, M. Roads’ Commirsion. He was also & |g ron and Ohlo roth led men i:
wpuld result from the operation of such rallway or railways; and conditions relating to such proposed extension: If, on tae recommenda | pryer, D. Wismer. Honors in attend-| member of the Canadian Ningarh yams linane eo her hy y-
And whereas the Commission has furnished the corporations with uch | Ion of the Commission, such extension shall be authorized, ~witholit di8- Lances—S, Borrowmain, A. Mayville, N.| Falls . Park Commission. When the Pearcaat or ARR oe no
a report showing (1) the total estimated cost. operating revenue and | @rimination in favor of the applicant, as to the cost incurred or tobe incurred | hrasher, M. Bondy, T.rWismer, 1.| Toronto Harbor Corinmission vas or. goion aes welling ok 2 pro
sponses of the. railway or radways, and (2) the proportion of the |{bror by reason of any such extension, the-Commission piageextend the |Grondin, E. Mayville, M. Fry. U. Bor: ganized soven yenrs ago, Mi. ClArkely jo" content of organic: matter. Fer :
2 eApital cost to he borne by each of the corporations as set forth In schedule | rally upon such terms and conditions as may appear equitible, to the | rowman, ©. Jones.” N. Powers, H. was appointed chairman, which Po-{ii arg do not bring reszonse theres 2
SB” attached hereto: Xr Commi|ssion. : ! ¥ 3 Thrasher, G. Mayville, N. Dupuis, R.[sition he bas occupied up to the pres- fog, When tilexirained thoroughly
And whereas ond receipt. of the said report the corporations requested i Nia such application for Li Sy nsion at the pulley ant ment Ld Bendy, % kT a E.|ent time. : tho greased ble ot outs notide
a {je Commission to construct, equip and operate a system of electric rall-| cipaliity the corporutofi © cl ER) h Ent: servi Dupuis, J. Rochlead, G.uAnrasAc a eae Under-dreinsge acts ns an Hoticedt
ways (hereinafto % § over the routes nid down in schedule pe granted If it 8 estimated by the Commisson that the cost o sery ce | wismer, K. Fryer, N. Bondy, MiGron- ah : : A
2X ifaened or ipo the on conditions and jn the manner here: af.the railway tothe corporations parties hereto will be hereby Incregsed No ENG. enrolled, 42; average attendr| New Ontario is fldpety*over. the do- Ee toe Pepe f
> 1 sot forth: ), . and the revemue and accommodation be infuriously Sl hoe thout th&|ance, 88. MM. Causgrove, teacherf [nothing treatrient-they have reteived land after systematic crop rotation and. Sahay
And whereas the Commission has agreed with the corporations on WHT of the majority CIT R ni es po shalt a from the Provincial Government and a | fertilization To carried oats ay 2
behalf of the corporations to construct, Quy and operate the rall¥ay WE oo We br EE the J omeil ofe.such corporation, such conscn being The Conadinn Board? of Commerce movement js now on foot to ask the [become darker In color and quite 88.
the terms ind _conditionazand In, to eit he - gi a Jiable In the ol a municipal bylaw duly passed by the council of the [has issued an order fixing the gross Woyseat Ca oi Be productive as the. alluviel goils. =
o express conditions that” the Commission shall not in any i {| profit to tho retailer on bacon and ] 0 uate ,
by reddon of an br or omis in any estimates, plans or specifications corporation. on ha : 20%" 08S Pro: the ccuntry a Now, Province, so that The latest development in the pro-
{or any i) RA or Te whatsoever by .virfue of this 10. The Conan shal, at least annually, aint 4nd Sor) baiyacn pense ham fis Bn SHES they might administer their laws and [gress of Canda’s temperance leglala: +7
agreement or arising out’of the performatch of the terms Lyersol; re a ‘and alls th " jt of enewing the property of the’ railway. Loverstioes, gaiters and other promote the best interests, Of thelr ftion ls that there is to be a “wet” i=. © -
And whereas the electors of each of the corporations have assented gjss Ho Ee all the works; Property and effects held and used ¥ y sold within retail as- peculistiy situated no A en. \erval Belors he varfous-, provinces
lo by-laws authorizing the corporations to enter into this FA Tie in connection tHerewiith, structed, acquired, operated and maintained by jta anada at 331-3 per yeution | as been. calle scuss the I er 0 permanent peace pro- a
y Ws*Commission for the contruction, equipment rs ri wing terms and | the Commission unilur this agreement and the said Act shail be vested ‘in ; oC a ie
? = as 1aid down In the sald schedule, subject to the following {he Commission on behalf of the corporations; but the Commissiy Shall Se
cdnditions; 3 > Sh 35 o | éntitied to a len ulnon the same for all money ‘expended by t 'ommission
i And. whereas the Corporations hove each fsutied Dyes tied the under his agreement and not Tapaid. = 3 by
Amott aot forthiin Schedmie “B” attached hereto, an ji 12. Each of tie corporations covenants ard agrees ‘with the other:
8H debenture with the Commission; d \ (a) To carmy gut the ngreements and providions erat ogutatued: &
Now, therefore, this indenture Ww nesseth:—= Mo 1 sor- b o oioperaté by all means id its power at all times w o Com
- 1. In consideration of the premises and of the agreements of fy oo sy To le the most favorable conditions for the carrying out of the
porationsy herein contained, @nd subject to the provisigns corporations objects of fhe agreement and of the sald Act, and to increase the revenue
n » and améndments thereto, the Commission agrees wi sf thie raflway and ensure its success. : n g
i 13. -In the event of any difference between the corporations the Comms 1 ~
fix a time‘and place to hear all representa- “ % oi 3 RY

   
     
 
   
   
   
 

  
    
   
 

  
    
   
 
   
   

 

   

  

1 $210,000.00;

«aid Railway,

* works, apparatus d plant used . having regard tO Yas 3 © Rout > ia oR rE 8 : oy
mission's transmission lings in o fair ratio er VEY CUM E s0mD 8 EOTION: = Te os ae va BE ep x F & : : » 1 ‘ : h : fre ;
meee vel Core in now, Select something front

   
     
   
  
  
  
  
   
    
   
  
 
  
   
     
    
    
 
   
  
  
  
   

   

  
   
     
   
  

 

    

Purchasing Commission direc at

on behalf of the corporations. Such bonds to be charged upon and secured
the seed supplies should be purchnSed.

equipment of the line to be borne by the Corporation of the
by the railway, and all the assets, rights, privileges, revenues works,

oisition and I
y of the Townglilpof Anderdon is estimated at $143,536.00, as get
636.00, el

  
  

 
  
  
  

 
  
  
 
 
 
   
   
  
  
     
     
 

 
 
 
   
   
   
    

      
  
 
  
  
    
   
     
  

   
  
  
     
      
    
  

And where

. TAKE NOTICE that the foregoing 18 a true copy of a proposed By-law
of the Corporation of the Township of Anderdon to be submitted to the votes
of the electors on the sixth day of December, A.D. 1919, between the hours
»f nine o'clock in the forenoon and five o'clock in the afternoon at the fol
lowing places: Polling Sub-Division Nnmber 1, at the Town Hall, with
Anson Pettypiece as Deputy Returning Officer; Polling Sub-Division Number
2, at the school house in School Section Number 41,

80% hind for use on the railway to fin extent not exceeding ten per cent.
10%) of the bonds issued from time to time. In order to meet and pay
amch bonds and interest as the same becomes due and payable the Com-
mission shall fn each year after the expiration of ten years from the date
mf the issue of the bonds out of the revenue of the railway after payments
nt operating expenses (Including electrical power)" and the cost of adminis-
ration set aside a sufficient sum to provide a sinking fund for the purpose

s immediately following the date of Issue of the

i ite gue the o he

pe said agreement for Interest on the syid a 1s 5 he
{und charges is $18,480.00, and for the period of Ghitty years
5.00-and for sinking
and for the period of ten years followin orn
1 the saf™(hirty-

terest is $12,660.00 and ‘for sinking fand 5 ip, ui uiity
| Corporation of the Townsnip of Sandwich East, the Town-

gpection as to the established grades i
for seed grain. which were provided i
under the Seed Control Act. Inspec:

tion was administered by the Seed
irspection of the Seed Branch. Bv- -

ery car lot of seed purchased or sold

was examined by seed inspectors, and

 
        
     
     
  

 

r sinking

   
  
  
  
  
    
 
   
      

   
  
   
 
  
  
  
      
     
   
  
  
 
    
   
  
  
    
     
  
  
     
  
   
    
   
     
    
        
    
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
 
  
     
 
 
    
   
     
    
 
  
   
    
  
 
    
      
    

 

   
  
  
  
  
 
  
     

with A. J. Gplden as

eriod for In
3, at the school house

The Munlicipa

 

|

Officer; Polling Sub-Division Number

 

   
  
  
    
  
  
  

 

      
  
    
   

     
  
   
 
   
 
     
  

  

    
  

       
     
     

the Commission, deposit with the Commission additional debentures as

described (in clause 2 (b) hereof, to be held or disposed of by the Commis- t the polling places and at the
sion as collateral security for such increase of the said bond issue, and that
any debenitures held by the Commission in excess of the par value of the
outstanding ponds from time to time may be held or disposed of by the
Commission to secure payment of any deficit arising from the operation of
the rallway.

4 In the event of the revenue derived from the operation of the under-
taking being insufficient in any year to meet the operating expenses (includ-
ing electrical power), the cost of administration and the annual charges
tor interest and sinking fund on the bonds, and for the renewal of any

works belongiing in whole or in part to tho railway, such deficit shall be
demand of and in the

sons to attend a

by the Clerk.
And that if the assent of the electors Is obtained to the sald proposed

By-law it will be taken Into consideration by the Municipal Council of the
snid Corporation at a meeting thereof to be held after the expration of one
gald Corporation at a meeting thereof to be held after the expiration of one
month from the date of the first publication of this notice, and that such first

publication was made on the fourteenth «day of November, A.D. 1919.
who desires to vote upon sald

And further take notice that a tenant
proposed By-law must deliver to the Clerk not later than the tenth day before
luration under The Canada Evl-

the day appointed for taking th
dence Act that he is a tenant whose lease extends for the time for which
ted or in which the money to be raised by

sight ‘draft, :
This system of: meeting emergency

seed situations was adopted on the
recommendation of the Seed Comniii-
foner. It is based on the ‘establish-
ment of official seed grades for "4
grain, and on the principle that muni-
cipal governing. bodies supported by
their Provincial Governments are in :
the best position to deal with the *
extension of credits to meedy far- J

mers.

d by the said agreement;
And whereas the amount of the whole rateable property” of the C

ding to the last revised Assessment Roll is $1453.84, and the
debenture debt of the Corporation{is $50,934.26, of which
al nor interest is In arrears;
a only a portion of the Municipality of the Townshi of

“wen 1 8 A

rated in Schedule “C” to the sald Agreement, is i >

     
      
      
    
  

     
         
  
     
    
   
      
  
     
      
   
    
    

   
  
  
     
 

And whers
on, as enume

       

       
   
 
   
  
    
  
  
   

   
     

 

Therofore the Municipal Council of the Corporation of the Township of

    

1, It shall be ln ul for the Corporation of the Township of Anderdon

  
   
  
   
  
    
      

 

     
   
   
 
   
   
  

   
    

     
     
    
 

  

 

 

and to attach the seal of the Corporation thereto.
2. Only those duly qualified property owners Inthe Township of Anderdon
erated in Schedule “C” of said Agreement shall be en-

Any arrears by any corporation shall bear interest at

     

            
    

month of November, Standing of pu-
pils is based upon their attendance,
examinations and dally work: Sr.
IV—Winnifred Henshaw. Jr. IV—
Russell Kennedy, Leslie Henshaw, Ce-

for any such deficit.
the legal rate. :

5.~ Slhould any «corpora
Commissilon under this agreement,
other rismedies and without notice,

 

 

ONTARIO'S NEW LIGUTENANT-
GOVERNOR.

tion fail to perform any of the obligations to tae
the Commission may, in addition to all
discontinue the service of the railway

  
     

em
PUBLIC SCHOOL REPORT.

      
    

  

 

     
   
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
 
  
  
   
    
   
   
   
    
  
  
  
     
   
     
  
     
  
  
 
   
   
   
   
   
    
   
   
  
    
   
    
  
  
   
   
  
  
   

    
     
   

s or Interest thereon shall be raised, Jevied and collected from

       
   
    
  
    
    
  
  
   
  
    
     
   
   

   
    
  

    
  
   
 

 
 

  
  
   
  
   
 

  

  
 
    
     
    
   

       
    
   
   
    

     
  
  
     

  

     
     
     
   
   
     
  
  

 

          
       

    
   
    
    
  
   
   
   
     
 
  
   
    
   
  

     
   
    
   
     
     
    
  
    
  
  
  
   
    
    
  
   
   
  
    
   
    

     

 
 

 

  
      
   
       

    

        

   
   
 
    
   
   

      
      
  

 

   
    
   

   
    
   
   
  
   
   
     
  
  

           
    

     
   

      

     
     
   
   
   
  
     
     
     
        
   
   
      
     
    
   
    
   

       
      
     
       
     
    

 

    
     
   

     
      
    
   

 

         
       

       
         

 

    
      

    
   
   

     
 

   
   
    
  

    
     
   
    
   

      
   
   
   
  
 
  
  

     
            
      
        
       
 

  
   

 
  

         
  
        
 
    
    
    
   
   
  
  
  
       
    

    
    
   
  
   
  
  
   
   

  
     

 

 

respectively; — : districts
o allway through the application,

(@) To constrict, equip and operate th {

in which the corporations are situate on behalf of the corporations’, L in
(by To comatract:and operate the railway over the routes

schedile “A”; 3 reomen’

(¢) To issue bonds, as provided in paragraph 8 LIN BEToamELh
ver the cost 0 ting and equipping e > !

(d) "To oo eon Tar as possible first class modern and andar SO
ment for use on, the railway. to operate this equipment £0 3° St evel: |
uric and accommodation possible, having 1ofin] Lb onl et econ: { of fity years ublects,

@ type > ment. a 5 | wr 8 0
the Too of donstrustion Lig ain and diligence so as 10 secure Cie Met vided Ri purpose ne of I .
railway consistent with; gro : 4. adjust the rights of “the corporations, having regard lo the

effective o of the 3 .
; fcojive operation and seryice A ES tne dateriuine. -— or assumed by filets respectively der ie ory 2 mis asres A - ? Re a 4 ww
ao ang ge sre 4 sono \that is appreciated more than i
x v wr bo ’ ; Ang s
. : 3 x . y 4
eof F yrniture

mission may, upon
itions that may be made: by the parties, and the Commission shall adjust
and such adjustments ghinll be final.” The Commision

i differences,

SH Spe the powers that may be copferred upon a commissioner, ap-
sointed under the Act Repecting Enquiries Concerning Publle Matters,

” tend for a period of fifty years

14. This agreement shail continue and ex

‘0 *
hereof, and, at the expiration thereof be subject; to renewal, 3

 
         
   
 
            

 

It is not too early to remind our pa-_
I trons that there is no Christmas gift:

 

 
 
  

to adjustment” and re-appointment: as herein pro-
{ this agreement as though the terms hereof ha
his agreement the Commjssion ‘shall

      
 

2

 
      

. tos of toll to be collect: : ofher consl
(¢) To regul : > . nay tor all purp ment. and such ad by the Licutenant-Governor in Council.
4 property, of the T

rilway for all classes of service} ses || mission and are approv
: 5 hat the rates imposed for the share of
(1) To utilize the routes and Pp 15. \ AL
from which it 1s pA to obtain a profit. oo yway and she power | the cost to be hose municipalities ist od i Sohelyls 40 attached
(x) To. combine the property and Nokes Ob T° gegible and may prove | hereto, shall ho fmpoted upon perty set. e
m! F
ne the sald_gchedt © t shall not come, into effect until it h

ines of the Commision where such ines:
and the users of the pe Sith Lei raliways |» 16. This AT {n Council.’ N x
' by the Lieutenant<to nd the Corporations have respec:

    
  
    
   
 
 
  
  
 
  
     
 
    
  
 
  

   
   

      
     

       

as been banctioned :

      
   
  
      
 

    

   
  
 
  

 

 
 
  
     

* economical to both the raflway
wh (h) Te pov a4 obisln {nterchatike orate) t I= witness whereof the Commission &
\erever possfble and. prof table; : eratfon of the raliway a = ‘enls and the hands of their proper officers. =
(1) To le wer.or cnergy for oP . * tively ‘affixed thelr corporate Seals By 3 3 5 ;
“supply electric po to municipal corporallonss ces of all 5 3 in AR La :
_ 8CHEDULE “A™ © a x

     

  
     
    
   
  

 
 
     
  

nd operating €

n common with the Com"

the serviced

    
 
 

 

rites consistent with thosescharged
AHL {tal costs o
() To upportion annually the SAREE gay |

 

  
  
     

 
 

frrnished. b; nditure under co! il
Fie fi revenue derived from operation oe of operating
Vi

(k) To apply
ether revenue di "from the undertaking, St administration: and annua
invested, and such other

expe power), the co8
To dg She HR oo me
deductions as are herain provid Cs,

Leaving, a

\ oint on

Ak Woll's; private Tight of WAY
then along the anid avenue to

nue, and > :
Ford CILY. LEE EL ;

    
         
  
         
    
     
 
       

: , Clair, where it. turn
Le hb {s then used to the end of Ottawa“Ave- |

the easterly limita of the Town of

  
 

our stock and it will be laid away

 

 

 

      

          
   

 

\

Eo
£)
w |

  
 

 

  

    
    

  
 

(1 from | A 2 iT ON: - - .
for 3 renewal of ny Lod ging “ 3 FORD LL \imits of Ford City the line extends along Otfawa Ave-
viking: Boe LY TRY Tr d nue, Strabane and Sandwich Streets to the westerly limits of he municl- rR E
n % 2 : ~~ 3, FEIT
: SN A |

  
  

      

    
   

tho Comino ¢ atts of the king. Any ©, t 3 ” : = :
main after provid | bove mentioned. JALKER Ry a on, ;
be fixed by the con 3 Sandwich Street from the easterly to the waut- |
Such sury : ration 10 Le extends 10 ity. "X ‘second line oxtends along Ottawa Struct
Walke! ds. A third line extends from the Essex

SAT ede Sh SL sl dr ener: i:
wher ike ca x. ane phrpold OF CO Ing. ips and | afeipa me
r 8 orther! from Wyandotta lon) X

oi 4 aragct the first Lin em

operating
this ag hae,
called for

5

it

 
 

or choose from our Catalogue so

     
 
