  
      
 
   

  
  

— THE

. GASTORIA Anderton Gomme

 
  

STORING. FOR WINTE

 

  

Papst, seconded by apy, Bezalre, that

the minutes just read be adopted. —
Cdrried,

Moved by Mr. Bemaire. seconded by
Mr. Papst, that Henry ©. Odette get
A warrant for $75.22, salyry as Trens-
urer, and allowances for extras;
Adolph Monforon, $1, for repairing
bridge on 6th con. $2.50 repairing cul-
vert on Middle side Line, and $8 for
scraping on North Side Line; Edmond
Bondy, $6, for grading Oi Middle Side
Line; Felix Droulllard, $7. for scrap-
ing on North Townline; Eugene Bepe-

and Vegetables,

 

Saturday, August 30th,
r Infants and Children,

| Mothers Know That

all members present, Moved by Mr,
Handled Without
Ll

Placing Fn Cans and Heatin,
Three Times.

(Contributed b;

{ Flew

[Genuine Castoria

  

 

 

King, the Princess Royal tl :
“ tean, $12, cutting weeds on 2nd con- Aurieniture Tarontn) Princess Arthir “or Connaught, “at C a Pa kag
"| session, and ¥, Ming hole on 2nd N the storing of roots, tubers, [that time Lady Alexandra Duff, J C e
] ditching on North BL sanbige Snif_eslory it iu a coms ie rg tho good reign of
-_ D. Tremblay, $8, cutting weeds on paratively simple matter if the Queen Victoria, her subjects re- e ore t e war
Middle Sido Line; Hector Meloche, $8, materials (are sound to begin : :
a or scraping on Middle Side Line; "with Although the decay-producing
a Wilfred Bondy, $1.50, for burying a ' :
a dend dog; Albert Huneau, $660, put- » Bagteria, yeasts and niolds are always

!

ting cement cover on bridge
Side Line over the Charette drain;
J. C. Pettyplece, $4, for Ingpecting tile
drains on the s 14 ot’lot 7 in the 6th

and Napoleon Beaudoin,

trips made to inspect one
—Carried.

Mr. Renaud gives notice
will, at the next meeting introduce a &radually spreads until all is spoiled

by-law for the appointment of a fax Therefore, in storing roots, tubers,
collector,
|

$2, for two molds are able to feed on the dam

| sk8.% | spkEESP

Moved by Mr. Papst, seconded by
Mr. Renaud, that we adjourn till Sat-

urday, September 27th, at 1 p.m, specimens,

 

 

| 2§

When a ‘storm blew down a tree
near Mobile, Ala. a farmer found a!
rusty tin box containing several thou.
sand dollars.in gold coins dated 1775,

Buy gasoline of a good grade;
shopping around you will find some '

dealers have better ofl than others.
Check up your mileage and compare

ly kill the living tissue of which the
—_— | roots are composed, after which (hey

results,

Will readily decay as a result of the
rapid multiplication of bacteria and
molds in‘the dead tissues.

In the preservation of such vege-
tables ns green peas, beans, aspara-
gus and green corn, different meag-
ures are necessary, These are green
and juicy and {f stored In the freSh
condition they will either wilt or fer-
ment and rot. This fermentation and

tissues.

Thirty Years

GASTORIA

PHE CENTAUR COMPANY, KEW YOomN CITY,

bL 4

«

ger of either overheating or freezing.

 

Exact Copy of Wrapper.

 
 

| drksFr="|

rE

 

  
 
 

   
  
  
  
  
     
   
   
   
    

  

  

  

    
  

   
   
  
   
  

roting fs due to the development in
av the: mass of the bacteria. which are
A ; ; ‘present on the vegetables. There will
hw fora thorugh uptodate Business fhe sumcient moisture present In the
training. A goo ‘position is assured mass to enable/the bacteria to multi-
i" combines all the advantages of health, culture, and every D. B. U. graduate-several of ply and feed on the material and thus
oe practical and acsthetic training. last year’s graduates already eaming pladies who ToL PROS To aul sien
oa a : Ke Sh S Jusiness, FAS £ 0 g {I
et Thorough coursss in Music rt, Degtory, Mich chigol, Busine $1800 a year, “Opportunities open tables in the fresh condition the bac-
ats eatic Science, and Superior Physical Training. pg to. work for room and board-<while teria present have to be all killad
= Opens its thirty-ninth year on September the fifteenth, nineteen attending, White for Bulletin B. and all other bacterin prevented
dred and nineteen, from getting on the materinl until it
1 PERRY S. DOBSON, M.A., Principal. R.I, WARNER, M.A., D.D., Princip=! Emeritus DETROIT BUSINESS UNIVERSITY I8 to be used. To get satisfactory re-
xe Fa ddresa Registrar; ALMA LADIES’ COLLEGE, ST. THOMAS, ONTARIO = D sults from canning vegetables it is
For terms addresa Regis 34 61-69 WEST GRAND RIVER AVE.
— DETROIT necessary to Aave— :
Estabilshed 1850 Acersdited 4 1st. Good sound, healthy vege-
iy — RA ahles.
(a

2nd. Good clean sealers wilh tight-
firing tops and good rubbers.

3rd. Wash the vegetables and oll
into the: sealers.

 

HARROW LUMBER YARD.

We have thé material and give eatisfaction. The old saying
applies to this, “The proof of the pudding is in the eating.’

We have-always on hand for sale—Lumber, Shingles, Lath,
Lime, Beaver Board, Cement, Coal, Seaman-Kent Polished Floor -
Ing of all kinds of Hardwood.

 

       
   
 

 

: - 4th, Cover with water salted to
taste.
WHEN USING 6th. Put on the tops and leave

! slightly loose.

WILSON'S

FLY PADS

6th. Place sealers fn a steamer or
bofler half ‘filled with cold water and

heat to the boiling poidt for half an
hour.

  

     
    
   

| th. Remove sealers from boiler
] We manufacture Storm Windows, Storm Doors, Sash, and all : or steamar and tighten down the

3 kinds of Moulding required in building a house. [2{ 2] DIRECTIONS | tops. ;
1 Wa do all kinds of Carpenter Work and Contracting, and will CAREFULLY AND 8th.” Affer 24 hours loosen the

 

bé pleased to give an estimate or price on any kind of work, large
or small

C. F. SMITH, -

tops and ‘return to (he boller or
steamer and give another half ho
boiling.
5 9th. Repeat this process after an-
‘| othes 24 Lours., Then tighten down
the tops and place away. §
In the storing of uch fruils as
apples and pears, which ¢itn be stored
without canning, we have to prevent
the dexelopment of molds and yeasts.
These are always present on the sur-
face of the frult.  Buoterin do not
damage fruits as they do vegetables
or meats on account of the sugar and
acld nature of the fruits, which is
not satisfactory for bacterial develop-
ment but {8 just what is needed for
molds and®ycasts. But éven molds
and yeasts will not develop oh sound
apples and pears that are preperly
stored. if, however, the fruit Is dam-
aged in (he pleking, handling or pack-
ing, then the bruised spots enably
the mold spores or yeast, cells that
are on the surface to germinate and
grow and multiply, ana when once
they get a start they wil) continue to
spread ‘even through the guund
healthy tissue and from fruit to fruit
untilsthe whole pack may be spoiled.
Therefore in the storing of such
fruits as apples and pears Jit iB’
essential: g
. 1st, Do haye only sound specimens.
2nd. To pack carefully without
bruising. ' : 25
' 3rd, To store in a cool, well-ven-
tHlated place, ; where they will be
ngither overheated or feozon.
Such fruits as strawberries, 1asp-
)| berries; « plums, peaches,
blueberries, ete, which are soft, can-
not be kept any length of time with-
out fermenting .or moulding unless
they aro canned.
+1 These frullp may be cooked in a
fruit kettle, sugar added to taste, and
Olled hot direct from the kettle into
sterilized sealers ‘removed direct
from “scalding watér. The overs,
rings.and rubbers should be put on
at once direct frem scalding water
and screwed down tightly.
Anotlier way to preserve “buch
frults is by tha cold pack method. In
this method, the fruits are not cooked
‘before pi § Hito the sealer. Sound

FOLLOW THEM

EXACTLY uy

 

   
    
  
  
  

     
  

Par more effective than Sticky Fly
Catchers. Clean to handle, Sold by
Druggists and Grocers everywhere.

HARROW,

  
 

   

    
   
 
  
 
 

       
 

  
  
 
  
 
  
 

 
  
 
     

EY

)

oan of Arc Machine”

Z HE withstood ev thing in the field and
e os was, oo still js, the last and
ly ear to survive until the cessation of

 

       
 
  
      
   
  
 

  
   
   
   

    
    
 
 
   
 
    
    
   
   
 

    
   
    

  
   
   
 

Thostilities”—Extract from letter received by : a 1 i Auld bt sed.
~ Ford: Motor Company from a British Soldier, oo] | into clean seniors. sions tru

   

    
     
  
  
  
  

torn roads, throt ugh
RR A in | ting area of the
met
of the Ford were sounded

- A syrup of sugar ind water swaet-
ala. encd to taste js then fllod into sedl-
ers sd ns to completely cover the,
fruft. ‘The tops, rubbers and rings
| are put: on, but not screwed dows
Lightly. The sealers are then placad |
dn a boller containing cold water and |
| this ia brought 4 a boil and kopt-
J bolling fF Half an hour. Th
are then removed and. the to
‘Jed down tightly at ence. W!
ed, way.—Prof. D.
Guelph.

'h water soaked fields, second only

b. debris and crater holes, the

iL

   
    

  
 

a

cgol-
on

Ee Se, othe SoLontS OE oe
Re
ho introduced &

thio |

"BURG ECHO.

Valuable Hints on Canning Fruits

Vegetables to Be Stored for Winter

In Cellars Must Bo Sound nnd
Brulsing—
Green Peas, Beans and Corn May,
Be Successfully Preserved by

Ontario Department of

on South A On these (hay cannot do any injury
"until the materials are first damaged
in some way as by bruising, heating
con.; Harry McGregor, $14, for one °F Iréezing.) After such injury has
sheep killed and one wounded by dogs, | been done the decay bacteria and

lot of sheep. ! aged tissue and as a result of this
that he action, decay or rot takes place and

cabbage or celery, it Is necessary,—
18t, To have only sound, healthy

2nd. To handle with care go as not
to bruise: or otherwise damage the

3rd. Store In a cool, well-ventilat-
By ed place where there will be no dan-

Overheating. or freezing will wsual-

currants, | .

of an autocratic king existed and the

the most democratic royal household
that tle world has evsp seen, there
are! many parallels dé‘ween the two
young  ylon.
[their fpllow-countyymen during the
anys of nu greet war;
young and msgnotic; Loth were fear—
less in tive field snd had the well-
being of We nrtion at heart; and
both of them aseptod popul
Straight-

 

© sealers: | nny oi,

DB 6créw-: | deat mutes n Frenchian has invents
ed

 
 
 
 
   

 
     

EVER SHIRKED DANGER.

 

R N
Hedr Apparent Took Active Part In

Great War,

«Twenty-five yeais ngo the bells
rang forth the news that the direct
succession to the British throne was
ensured by the birth of a little
prince. Tho groat-grandsons of
Queen Vietorin wore already num-
ereus, but none were English; and
of ali, perhaps the greatest destiny
lay before this small babe.’ Until his
birth {it seemed powsible that the
throne of Britain might once more
be occupied by a woman; for falling
the birth of a son to our present

     
        
 

Joiced with her in the birth of a
male heir, and with her watched
with leving interest tho growth of
the future King-Emperor. Named
after the Prince of Wales and the
King of Denmark, he was then given
those of the patron saints of the
United Kingdom, Edward Albert
Christian George Andrew Patrick
David, As David Le has always
been kmwown by his family and inti-
)| mate friends. “A curious coincidence
that the name of eur future King
should also be borne by two of Bri-
tain’s greatest men-—Admiral Beatty
and Mr. Llovd George. &

With his brothers: and sister he
Hved- a happy, secluded childhood,
and when sent to Osborne as a naval
cadet he was pepnlar with all, not
on accewnt of his position, but as a
natural, jolly, and INnd-heartéd’ boy.
A great favorite of King Bdwaird,
the King's death wus u very real sor-
rew te his young grandson, who afiar
a short arxise at s¢a had to abandon
his sailer’'s caroer to learn the ways
of men, and study nt Oxford the his-
tory apd the law and the politics
that w&re (o help him in the yeas
to come. Hunting and golf and row-
ing were not forgotten either, and

    
        
       
 

C a package
during the war

    
  
 
   
   
  
  

 
 

   

   

1: a package
5° "Now

THE FLAVOUR LASTS

          
    
 
 
  
     
     
    
    
      
    
   
  

friendships were being made with
ether uhidergraduates

Fuplotag his father that he
might stgy longer at Oxford, sane-
tion was hardly given when the

 
  

great world” war broke over Buroye,
and’ in a few days, while the fate of
many langs and peoples lay In the
belaneg, I%{{ain found herself at war.

The ppince was cne of the first to
“Join up,” and personally implored
Lord Kifehener to send Kim 6ut with
the Expeditionary Force; but- even
King's sons must learn, and so Joon
a8 his training was complete, he was
sont overssas to fight his country’s
foes.

Never shirjing danger, he was
often wnder “fire. A fellow-officer
told hew once when carrying de-
spateches the enemy barrage lny be-
tweqn hin and his destination; the
ch eu knswing the risk, refused
to een¥nye, go the prince, remark-
Ing that he\anyway would fulfil his
job, preceeded on fool. At another
(ime he was only slopped by main
force_fawom quitting ad dugout when
heavily shélled.

‘Rhe eutbreak of war found him
a shy and rather rererved bey. of
delicate physigue; after five years
he thas emerged, though still extra-
opdépgrHy boyish in appearance, vet
with happy confidence and ‘thought
ter others that many a .man has
fongd on active service. “There I
foulid, my: manhoed,” as he said the
other day, and tlicre indeed this
bronzed Young warrior has in real-
fity found not only his manhood, but
himself, ‘and ‘the worth of men and
things; : . - .

And returning f:1l of the joy of
life, yet having witnessed many of
iis sadder sides, ke je filled” with
detamolination to be worthy when
tire simi=eal]l him to represent the
greatest people in the world.

A busy young man this, as ne=ds
mast fe One who has 80 many ‘in-
terest®—ap onc moment We is seated
with his father learning the duties
of tage, tie next maybe he grobts
some ‘henarcd guest, recelves sol-
dlers or maybe’ enilors, followed,
pentiaps, by a city luncheon in his
henor. he day he {8 visiting his
landé fn Wales or Cornwall,cor talk-
Ing with hose that inhabit the worst
Blums of Tsondop—and, indeed, vigit-
Ing these homes of fll-repute. - Get-
ting lo’ kmow mien and women sof ull
ages and aN classes, this unassuming
lag, with the hagoy knack of put-
ting everyone ut Lis ease and of
saying thé right thing, has already
Wom the nenrtd of gli with whom he
comes im confact:” For recreation,
polo, and tennis, flying, riding, and
motoring, or rowing, are all enjoye:l.
Width a deep affeclion for parents,
®ster amd brothers, none even in
{hose domweratic duys will do aught
but wish him a long life and a happy
one—and cvery Priton from his
heart ; praclaims “God Bless (he
Prince of Walcs,”—g. ¥. 8S., in Len-
don Sphere,
»

 
 
 
    
     
     
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
       
  

    
    
  

 
 
      
      
     
  
 
   
  
  
    
  
 
  

 
 
 
    
   
   
    
 
  
 
  
    
 

 
 
   

   
  
     
  
  

    
     
    
      
   
  

     
   
    
   
   

     
  
 
  
    
 
 
  
   
    
 
  
    
  
  

   

There Are No Obstacles
inthe way of your coming here for expert work in

Automobile Tire Repair.

We understand every detail of our work and have every
facility for rendering satisfactory service promptly. a
When you have a ‘puncture, cut-or blow out, consult

us about it. :

UP-TO-DATE TIRE REPAIR. SHOP.

R. B. McMORROW, Manager.
41 Pitt St; E.- Windsor. Phone 3961
VULCANIZING

   
  
   

    
  
   
        
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 

  
    
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  

    
 
  
 
   
   
   
    
    
    
   
    
   
  
  
  
 

 
 
  
   
  
  
 
 
 

 
  
  
 
  
  

. Pain? Hirst's will stop it!
40 reliove rh tism, lumbags, neuralgia,
tof ford a oTsher Hcl joints, sore throat and other paio-
ful complaints®Havo a bottle in the house. All dealers or writo us.
- HIRST REMEDY COMPANY, Haniilton, Canada

 

  
 
 

 

=

A Parallel,
Not since the Middlp. Ages has

 
 
  
 
 
 
  
   
   
  
   
  
   
    
     
 
  
  
 
     
    
  

 

 
  
  

 

there begn such ao popular Prince of

Wales Cr England a8 the son of | For the first time farmers joined
George V. People going back dver | with shopmen In St, Thomas fn eele-

history pemember how the soythitu)
Heary V wag beloved by his subjects,
Strangely enough ft was also a war
ip France that gave him his gppor-
tunity to sbow "lis metal, but in
those days the English were fighting
agaifist ®@e Fronch, instead of side
hy side with thew. When sne takes
into consiilenmtion that Henry V lived
In the days when the medieval idea

brating Labor Day.

Harvey" Hastings, a hotelkeeper. of
Elora, was fatally hurt when a motor
car overturned into a ditch,

, Joseph N. Purcell, a guard at Kings-
ton penitentiary, was probably fatally
injured when run over by three run-
away horses drawing a binder. m

._ Miss Dearoit III beat Miss Detroit
II fn the third and final heat of the
Hydroplane Gold Cup race at Detroft
Monday. Eleventh Hour was third.
The winner attained a speed of more
than 68 miles per hour?

    
  
  
   
   
   
     
    
  
   

ent

pres Prince of Wales belongsyto

     
    
 
  
   
      
     
 

+ RATAYATO

    
 
    
     
    
   
 
 
 
  
 
 

Both. won the love: of

3 .
fusing the | Economically clean
She saved work—Sunlight Soap
washed the clothes withoutrub-
_ bing. She saved time—she did
“other work while Sunlight did
the wash. She saved momey—

  
   
      
   
    
   

   
   
    
 

puts ina

forward manly way!

[FOR WOMEN-- DR. MARC AURELE'S |

f has Suppositories and Supporters. called,
device resembling a typewriter | 2 cio Bai i |
ripen letters 10 spell Words ag | GOLD NUGGETS, are the.only home (
Pi treatment that has given entire reliof |

 

 

To ewaklo those unacquainted with
gn language to converse with

  

  
  
  
 
  
  

   
 

  
