  
      

 
  

   
  
     

 

THE

 

 

- me

AMHERSTBURG ECHO.

ts,

 
   

 

HUGE POTITO YIELDS

 
   
   
   
   
 
 
 
    

PAGE SEVEN |
a RR a
SPRING FEVER >

Following Colds, Grippe, Thin,
a tay This

a! * (By Dr. Vawestine Morr.) *

How to Lower ppriality of Young | ‘At this time of year most people suf
Lambs—RBest Methods of Caring fer from what we term “spring fever?
For ‘Both pwe and Lamb | because of a stagnant condition of the
Explained, blood, because of the toxic poisong

(Contributed by Op@rio Department of stored up within the body during the
Agriculture, Toronto.) long winter. Wo eat too much meat,

™=\LANS are being carefully with fittle or, no green vegetables,
evolved by the Department of | Bloodless people, thin, anemic people,
Agriculture 0 continue ex- | those with pale cheeks and lips, who

periments, begun last year, | have a paor appetite and. feel that tired,

which it is expected Will have far- | Worn or feverish condition in the spring=
reaching results for (re potato in- | time of the year, should try the refreshes
CM The: investiga: ing tonic powers of a good alterativel
ry in Ontario. and blood purifier. Such a tonic as drug-
tions which officials of the Depart- | gists have sold for fifty years, is Doctor!
ment are making are thorough and Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery, It
extensive, and consequently some, [iS a standard remedy that can be ob-
what slow. But it is confidently be- tajned in tablcl > liquid_form. Mada
lieved that within a few years potato > rom wild roots and
seed grown fn Ontario wil be in

barks.
Occasionally one should “clean house”
great demand not only by other parts
of the Dominion, but by many dis-

with-castor oil or«tiny pills made up, of
the May-apple, leaves of aloe and jalap,
tricta of the United States. This, ft | 21d sold by almost all druggistssin this
Ea a et ry as Doctor Pierce's Pleasant
to the farmers of the province,
The two-fold program whicli_was

Pellets.
SARNIA, ONT.—"] was in a very bad
Inaugurated last year of certifying
a high standard. of potato sced and

condition. I eould not eat without ®feal-
makingsa survey to detect diseases is

 

 

      

 

Seed From Nirthern Ontario
Outyie ds All Others.

ig Chunky Bar

~

¥

 

 
 

 
    
       

 

      
     
      
    
  

  
 

You can use Comfort to the very

last. It does not break when, worn

“down. And the bar is the biggest
and best you can get for the
money. “Comfort” gives you the
greatest possible soap economy,
the greatest possible satisfaction.
For 25 years the biggest seller—
and sales still growing.

“Is All Right” .

      
    
    
 
 

   
       

   

      
      
 

  

   

      
  

 

03

     
       
     
    
  

  
 

TEOL ILOLU L358
VEUIopos JOU. $F LOH S

 
   
 
 

  
      
   
 

   
     
    
  
  

   
    
   
 
     

 

Ing distressed. Had indigestion so badly
I was-always In misery. ‘I had liver
to be carried on of a much wider
scale this coming Beason, . ‘Reports

  
  

 

INGMAN & CO.,.LIMITED

PUGSLEY, D
i © TORONTO, ONT.

from the various infpPectors have now
been compiled. by the Department,
and the statistics are of considerable
interest to the progressive and up-to-
date agrieulturist. The two founda-
tion: varieties which the Department

  

 

 

 

 

 

trouble as well; and the two Just put me

‘down apd out’ for about five years. IL
had many good doctors but’ Rot no relief.
I took Doctor Plérce's Golden Medical
Discovery and Jbefors I had taken two
bottles [ was much improved, and in less
than six months I was well. I could eat

 
 
 

 
 
     
   

      
      
     

 

 

   
 

anything and do my work with pleasure.®
=Mnus. ANNIE BAECOM, 2268 Burand St. /

LEAMINGTON,

is showing—Irish Cobbler, the early
aced, and the Green Mountain—have
been the subject of widespread dis-
cussion. There has been much dif-

 

  

 

 

   
     
 
 

 

 
 
  

 

  
   
      
 

WINDSOR, | ference of opinion ag to which is the roi
better for generdl table use. The Sidney, Leslie, on Tuesday, exchang- :
Notice of appeal against the judg- reports for Iast year clearly prove |ed his 32.acre farm. in Rochester town-
ment of Chief Justice Mulock, by that the Green Mountain is the best [ship for two houses and lots'inFord

        
   

City, owned by Richard Tessier.

Word has been received from the
authorities at Ottawa that a check is
to be placed on the operations of sand-
suckers off Point Pelee this summer.
The request Is also made that the
authorities be notified If sandsuckers
are seen jn the vicinity of the Point.

Burns McQueen has sold his 27-acre
farm on the 3rd concession to W, J.
Andison, taking [n the deal the Murray. = |
Smith’ property on Erie- street south © of
which Mr, Andison recently recared. 5

A fire in the grass on Con. A, Pelee 3
Marsh, lighted: up hte heavehs in the 1
easy Thursday night, and gave rise to *
the®report that J., A. Campbell's onion

variety for the general farmer. Seed
of these two varieties from three dif-
ferent sources—Northern: Ontario,
New Brunswick and ‘Old Ontario—
has been experimented with and
planted in clay and sand in nearby
districts in different parts of the pro-
vince. These show the following
average yields per acre:

Irish. Cobbler— Northern Ontario,
153.4; New Brunswick, 148; Old
Ontario, 127. }

Green Mountain—Northern . Op-
tario, 177.6; New Brunswick, 137.3;
Old Ontario, 164.8.

The general average per acre on
the different plots was:

which Mrs. Setterington, of Windsor,
was awarded $600 damages against
the street railway company for per-
sonal injuries suffered when she step-
ped from a can, has been served on
Barrister F. W. Wilgon, attorney fon
Mrs. Settapington, by the company's
solicitors.

Men who deserted fromi the Can.
adian army in 1916 and" 1917 will be
traced by ‘the military police of the
Dominion, according to Major Os-}|
berne, provost marshal for Ontario, |.
who was in Windsor Thursday. Many
of the so-called deserters. Major’ Os-
borne sald, joined the United States

   
         
    
   

      
         
        
     
       
              
          
        
         
            
   
   
   
 

      
     
 

      
    
   
 
  
   
   
   
  
  
 
   
   
  
   
   
    
  
   
   
  
  

   

. PRICE

       
     
   

3 vy. These pxempte
all ar Ne ar he Zompind To » Irish Oopbler planted in\ sand; | warehouse had been destroyed. ' This A
3, 8 as the X ! "NS 5 5 151.5, ‘and on clay, 126.1, which {was not true. It wis only a grass fire, —
Rtaryanttiorities may tuke. When motor car prices are discussed, keep in vo : Tl ag, a.

shows a yield of 25.4 bushels more
to the
sand.
Green Mountain planted on sand,
169.3, and 153.2 bushels planted on
clay, a yleld of 16.1 more bushels
per acre from.séed planted on Sand.
The results when the yields from

sald to haye been started by muskrat
trappers.

A very pleasant marriage took place
at the home of C. A. Noble, on Wed-
nesday afternoon of last week at 4
o'clock. The principals In the sacred
service were Wellington Reid, of
Walkerville, formerly of Leamington,

  
 

That, substantial salary increases
should bé allowed teachers of the
Windsor Collegiate Institute and the
Public schools will be recommended
to the Board of Education at the next
regular meeting by' the management
committee, The teachers, in commun:
feations to the board, demand that wo-

 
  

  

acre from seed planted on

mind the fact that you can buy the Gray-Dort
at the lowest price compatible with quality
in a light car.

The Gray-Dort is not built down to a price.
It is built to a very high standard of service
and beauty, Efficiency in buying and build-

     
 

| three brands
sealed in air-tight
packages. ‘Easy to find—

 
 
    
     

   

  
  
 
 

   
 

    

  
    

    
    
 
 
 
   

 

           
     

  
    

       
 

 

       
 
 

 

    

Se ——— ee eee—

      
   
 
  
 
 

ns. Hm 2 all sources for Itish Cobbler are com- | and Miss Florence May Hawkes, of
3 ly peli oT Ll ing has made the price low. Thus every dollar bined show the average number of |this place. The ceremony was per- aR
“it is on sale tee, It is sald, favors equal salaries invested in a Gray-Dort brings you heaping bushels per acre was 142.1, and |formed by Rev. L. W. Hill. B.A; in the. x
2, s_ suid, a lue—i i i Green Mountain, 161.4 bushels. | presence of a group of deepiy. inter-
for men and women. yYalue—in service, in appearance, in comfort, Thus : p hat the G “ V i
h in economy of 0 Kee The let ful hus it will be seen that t ie Green |ested relatives and friends, Numer - iF
everywhere.  —— Pkeep. quiet, poweriu Mountain gaye the larger yield, be- [ous gifts, handsome and practical, x
: ; KINGSVILLE Gray-Dort Motor gives you perfect control of Ink 19.3 bushels per acre ahead of |finely equip the bride for homekeep A ¥

          

time and distance. The deep upholstery, long

springs, commodious body, assure comfort in

riding and driving. Thestandard equipment

banishes trouble. The beauty of appearance

is lasting. *, + FER Reo

Eh rp eA eh eT, thors ara
n.

also a coupe, and 0 sedan I prices f.0.b, Chatham and are’
subject to change without notice.

the’ Trigh Cobbler variety. ing: After a delightful wedding sup-

per the ‘happy couple crossed to the
border city for a short. honeymoon.
They were unatfended, Miss Hawkes
and Miss Nellie .Saxhy signing ' the
register as witnesses... ,Thelr many
Leamington friends will .wish them a
happy fuflire. = —=¥  -, a
The following real estate ‘transe
actions took “place here Jast week:—
Ray A. Sayles, of Merlin, has pur-
chased the frame house and lot own=
ed by the late James Evans, in/Erie =
street south, for $5,000. George E. °
Wigle last week purchased the Chas.
Soultis building on the south side of
Talbot. street east, to which he will
move his stock some time in May. The
price paid for the building was $5,000, -
Mrs. Thomas Squire has sold her
house and “lot on "Marlborough street
east to Murray Smith. The transac-
tion was closed on Thursday last. Mr.»
Smith has- since sold the property to
Ivan Cook for $4,800, taking Mr. Cook’s
48-acre farm on the 3rd concession in
the deal. N. R. Hillman: has sold
Lhouse and: half the lot on which it is
situated; corner of Fox and Askew
streets, to Miss Sarah Lott, of Rom-
ney, who moved into.the house Wed-
nesday, Mfr. Hillman has commenced
the erection of a house adjoining his
store on the other hal of the lots: A.
E. Law’ has sold his house and lot on
Talbot street west to Chas. Waters,
of St. Thomas, for_ $5,000. Mr. Wat-
ers {8 the new engineer on the Leam-
Ington-Comber branch of the M. G. R.;
having succeeded J. H. Savighy, who
for Jong service has been retired on
pension and will move to St. Thomas.
Leamington, through its Board of
Trade, will shortly take steps to se-
cure a loan of $76,000 from the Gov-
ernment to be used in eonnection with
the housing plan. This decision was
arrived at by the council, who reals
ized that something must be done this
year. to take care of the Increasing
number of families who are moving
here. It Is estimated that it will take
at least fifty more houses at the pres-
ent time to care for the families who
are staying in the hotels and boarding
houses and it is probable that as many
more will ‘be needed in August. There.
have bean no empty houses here since
the war began, although several new
ones have been erectéd, and the ¢com-
mmity {in general seems to he enjoy-
Ing 4 Continued era of prosperity.
George W. Jackon and H. Lendon,
representing the Board of Trade, re.
commended {hat council make an ime
mediate profes against the Raflway
Board's ban Gn gas connections for new
houses. They declared that this was
a serious diawhack to buildings, inas~
much as Eig fg the only fuel used or
available here, A resolution that the
council makes the protest was earr!
In. copjuliction with the building pro-
gram a great deal of paving will be
done in various sections of hte town. ;
while several ‘streets will be graded:
and gravelled. More thon $20,000
already been subscribed towards the
new war memorial club house and hos-'

 

 
  

 

 
 
  

Look for, ask for,
be sure to get

WRIGLEY'S
The

“Greatest Name
in Goody-Land

   
    
  

 
 

Saturday “evening, March 15th, at 71
o'clock, a.qniet wedding was solemn: !
jzed at the Methodist parsonage by
the Rev. J. B. J. Millyard, when Edith
Gertrude Shaw, of Kingsville, became
Fy the bride of George Lawrence Girty,

/ youngest son or-Mr. and Mrs. Peter
Girty, Gosfield South. The bride
loked very charming in” sandshade
suit, with'hat to match. THe highly
esteemed happy. couple left Saturday
for Detroit. On thelr return they will| |
reside at Albertville. ) f

Wiliam George Cox, younzest son
of Mr. and Mrs, Wm. Cox, of Kings-
ville, who recently returned from over-
gdeas, and Charlotte Josephine Creaser,
youngest daughter of Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Creaser, of, this town, were
quietly married at the London street
Methodistiparsonage, Windsor, on Sat-
urday, March 16th., The bride looked
pretty in a tailored-suit of pecan’ blue,
with hat to match and: wearing a cor-
soge bouquet of white roses and
fern. Her only attendant was her sig- }
ter, Miss Rhoda Creaser, of Sarnia,
wearing a navy blue sult, with hat
to match and corsage bouquet” of
pink roses and fern. The groom was
supported by William Barnes, of Sar-
18. On their’ arrival In Kingsville,
Saturday evening, a reception was
held at the bride's parenthl home, The
bride” was the recipient of many beau-
tiful gifts. Mr, and Mrs. Cox will re-
gide in town or the present time. Con-
gratulations are extended to the happy
couple.

With Ewes at Fambing Time.

The two malin factors contributing
to a satisfactgry:lamb crop are, the
proper fééding and care gfthe sheep
during’ the" six ‘months previous io
lambing time together with care and
"detalled attention given tothe flock’
dyring the lambing perfod. Plenty
of exercise coupled with a sufficient
amount of the right kind of feed to
maintain the flock: in good thriving
condition will usually result in“ the
birth of active,” rugged lambs for
which the mother will have a liberal
supply of milk. In pyactically every
flock, no matiér how well cared for,
the attendant must be on hand fre-
quently, day and night, during the
period the lambs are arriving. A
little attention at the proper time
will often result in the paving of not
a. few lambs. »v »

Absolute dryness. and freedom
from draught are Very essential for
the flock, and when the lambs are
expected in March or even early April
provision should be made for reison-
able protection {fom the cold:

Wool balls In (he stomach’is often
the cause of Tyuch loss in young
|| lambs. This trouple as well as difii-

culty In getting ihe lambs to nurse
may be avoided by clipping away all
loose and dirty wool from around
the udder and Quarters of the ewes,

Provision shoujq pe made for a
few small pens Jgcated along the
warmest side of ihe building. The

ewe to lamb is mugh gafer separated
from the main flock gang jn cases of
difficult parturition, weak lambs,
ewes disowning tlejy lambs and
(| numerous other difficulties that may
arise they can befooked after a
great deal more gaijgtactorily when
confined in small enelogures, It not
{infrequently happens tint a ewe has
difficulty. in delivering peor lamb;
this Is more common IN (ha cage of
young owes witli. their gpg jamb,
‘When the lamb has come ¢orward far
enough so that the NoBK snd front
feet are in sight and the head ig yn-
gble to pass through the ewe ghould
’| be assisted by gente pulling on the
forefeet. If this fails smear the f(u-
]side of the vagina Wellowith linseed
oil, jthis has the effect of softening
and allowing the opening to stretch
and will, unless the case ia a very
severe one, give relief. No action
should be taken until it is reasonably
_| certain some assistance is needed and
‘before investigating the hands
should be perfectly clean and dis-
infected.
Lambs may be born weak and ap-
tly lifeless, more particularly in
case of difficult delivery, These may
be revived by quick fction Jou jhe
(part of the attendant. Firs ve
“blo

        

   
  
   
  

 
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 

  
 
  
 

i

  

GRAY-DORT MOTORS, Limited - Chatham, Ont.
In the:U.S.:~Dort Motor Car Co., Flint, Mich.

RDSON & SON, Agents, Harrow,

     
 

   
 

 
 

    
 
   

   
 
 
 

    
 

  

  

  
  

     
 

A)

   
 
  

     
 

4 mt PERFECT GUM

Wefp arr iar FZAVO ZZ /

: 3
| < YEARS
CHEWING GUM]

= = =X
Vege Pr POE RATINT

  
   
   

      
  

  
     
       
  
   
    

 

 

    
 

 

 

 

  
    
     

WRIGL 5

JUICY FRUIT

CHEWING GUM

 

   

  
  

             

 

  
       
   
  

   
    
 

 
 

LASTS

 
 

YE SLAVOUR

MADE IN CANADA

Flavour

   
    

   
 
 

      
  
  

 
 

4

 
 

WINDSOR:

Mike Koroski, an Austrian; living in
the “foreign colony” on Langlois aye-
nue, {8 minus $860 becauvse he prefer-
“{red to keep his money under his pillow
rather than ‘take a chance on banks.
He told the police that the money
wis there when he went to sleep at
night. When he awoke next morning
the roll was gone, but a wad of paper
had been left In Hs place. ;

Fire of undetermined = origin late
Thursday night damaged the Walker |.
ville piont of the Peabody Overall
Company. The damage was less than
$1,000, ‘officials said. .

‘Judges of the Appeliate Division of
the Ontario Supreme Court at Toronto
struck ‘out the appeal of the City of

Windsor against the  Jjndgment of

ounty Judge J. O. Dromgole, by which
| Charles F. Curry; formerly of Wind-
sar, now of Detroit,” was ordered to |
pay $80.84 in taxes to the city instead | °
of -$226.24, alleged to be due on In- |

come from the estate of his father, th

late John Curry. © ve
. ~Thomas McMaster, 14 years old, so

of Mr. and Mrs. J, McMaster, Baby |
- | street, Janawion, had’ his left thigh

badly Incerated Friday morning by a
dog that attacked him. As a result,
‘Harry Jones, owner of the dog, ap-
peared in police’ court charged with
Keeping a vicious Bnimal. he i |

   

   

 

 

     
   

 

| “Standard War Flour”

T.R. FLOOD & SON,
Wholesale Dealers in Grain and Seeds.
HARROW, - : ‘ON TARIO.

he

     

 

   
 
 

      
 

      
         

  
 
 

    
  

 
 
 
   
    
  
 
 
  

     

 
  
   
  
  

   
    
  
   
   
 

     
   
  

CANIAIDI.
$03 GY: \ UY SN
SA

    
  
 

   
    
   
   
  
  
       
  
    
 
   
  
 
  
     
 

   
    
      
  
   
  
   
 
   
    
  
  

 

 
  
    
   
 
  
   
 
   
  
   
  
 
 

  
 
  
  

    
 
 
  
 
   

he

    
  
 

  

249
CRTIFICA
oT INDITIONS

   

 
   
 

1
‘the phlegm from the
{hold the mouth open and ih then
a few times to start Jn." getjon,
“|Next lay the lamb on (ig holy and
| gently beat it on the yes next to
the heart just back of (ho ghoulder,

 
       
 
  
   

      

            
  
 
     
 

    

  
  

 
     

      
   

  

 

         
    

 

: ren TE ; > | =Frot. Sackville, 5 5, College, |pital' combined, several of the subs
2 .  TILBURY. asant thin post | [Sven Co TT Lions being: for $1,000 from diffe
i x, CR Pe ; ngs most i ’ a Bgl Rail

 

        
 
  
 

Some time have to do.

an save” you money on rubber bills
yo : pie o us fof our

x and dollars more'h
© U. | yt botors— Mi

FE

‘| War time Insurancy. qn 8 ial: Pro
soldio ors as eh

Into Orm 1otiefon

eral and, Inexperiiy condi
Albers }
nd, O;

. Bddle Truesdale, late of Til
‘|bury: arrived Saturday - night from | §°
overseas service, leaving from here| J
with the “Essex Scottish Borderers. | &

0 Wis i Ls

 

™

  
