Its Unmistakable is speedily proven

in a Tea~Pot

Economy in Use- | Infusion.

LADA®

100% Value 100% Pure

Sealed Packets Only. 8537

Continued from Page Six.]

ESSEX COUNTY COUNCIL.

WINDSOR. |
THE ECHO 111 less than a week from pneu-

Sublishea by monia, David vy Jeute oid:
plant manager of the ndsor Ci

THE ECHO PRINTING ¢o,, Limited of the Pemberthy Injector Company,

home, 26 Hall
AULD A. W. MARSH, dled Thursday at his 9
JOHN A A. Sec.-Treas. | avenue. His widow and two children
survive him, a
CH 21st, 1919. Mrs. Maud Ann Napier, Years
FRIDAY, MAR - old, wife of Alexander Napier, Wind-
N 1 be sur) JOT business man, died Thursday as
farmers of Ontario Wi Be SUI opnnn ay Hotel Dien. Mrs, Napler

ae les fram the Dominion ergioon 4 tek n A
prised to learn ar the Seinen had been ill a week from Fe moni,
Bureau of Statistics tha  AVETARE | Chich is taking a heavy death to
of their farm lands, improved and un- along the border. Besides hen hus.
improved, including buildings, 1s only |) 4" zee Napier is survived By two
$57 per acre, the same as QUEBEC. | op "ang ¢ daughter.
while in British Columbia the averag William Duquette. East Erie street,
is $139 per acre. ca: Windsor, found guilty last week by

nuta- "1 Dy on pele his
Py ing » meeting of a deputa-| Magistrate Miers of neglecting

tie alas The Lind Prohibition { children, was unable to appear In
Committee at Ottawa, last week, the | conrt Saturday for sentence, He Is
Government announced definitely that quarantined for diphtheria,
it intended at this slon dntroduc- Refusing to deal with the many ap-
i n reTation to validate the orders- | plications for salary increases by city

BE ET rohibiting the manufac-|employees. the Windsor civic finance
in-Council, prohibiting the ma ploy

; i q arprovincial | committee Friday night deferred cons

ture, importation and interprovinci V} 3
shipment of intoxicating liquors dur-| sideration for two weeks, when the tax
05 war, which has nol yet come | rate for the year will be fixed.

RE ¢ In the first month of the thrift
* | stamp campaign in the Windsor Public
schoals, approximately 3,000 children
purchased $2,227.64 worth of stamps,
according to the retords of. George
Courtenay, secretary of the Windsor
Board ‘of Education. No fewer than
228 25-cent bills, known in the Domin-
shin plasters,” were turned in

ire while the work of

~~

4%

ET A WRINKLE —lf—— |
WE DIDNT USE OUR HEADS. }:

Germany is tied so tight she can’t wiggle. - We've got that sie Ton oy
There is plenty to eat in this Country and plenty to Wear, NOW, a Ls e to
do is live, which means a healthy amount of work, a reasonable amount of leisure and
the requisite’ amount of slumber.

an

q¢

year thereafter, that is after the dy

SPECIAL SESSION—-MARCH, 1919. .

Daylight s
fect in the Ur

will come into ¢
I States on Sun Report of The Finance Committee.
ke effective t 7
3 To the Warden and Council of the County of Essex,
in Council Assembled: —
Your Finance Committee beg leave to report as follows :—
mend the payment of the following. accounts:—

10 I

saving law, 1
as {nstracted ra
ocks ahead one

Nothing very serious about that, eh?

Gentieme
We recor

Well just leave that to Woody and John B.

: isn’t si yet, you say?
on the new \n. eon Peace isn’t signed yet, you saj

ter. but will be held i volved the count-|{J A. Mec stationery, etc 7 24 e : :
s. While om the road | in pices FRO a el ia is i il—Bolshevism— Horrors! That's unfortunate—so is the
il} not stop for an hour In gment handed down Satur-{ Behe Printing Co. printing January minutes 145 86 Russia is in a turnmoil—Bol $ :
» different 1 time day, + Clute at Toronto quashed We recommend that the communication from J. H. Rodd, Clerk ofthe 3 . Aas ie va The Divine Plan is a conundrum.
will be called on “proj the’ conviclon of Fred. Mercier, who | Peace, for filing cases, be referred to the Gaol Committee. o “Fly” It’s hard to say which is worse; The Divi i ;
safeguard movement of its t gaol by Magistrate Miers, That the Auditors’ and County Treasurer's account on disbursements be :
3 the road at t time of the chang of Windsor, for an alleged breach of | referred to the Legislation Committee,

demands—shorter hours—better
Didn’t they save it? or rather
The workers now

Phe Workmen all over the world are making
~ living conditions. Well, whose world is this anyway? 1
the civilization of it, and thait’s about all we are interested in. ; ;
kuow what they con do, and if they only keep their heads they'll do it, too.

That the ¢
ic the High

mmunication from the Soldiers’ Ald Commissfon be referred |
Committee
That M Smith, Renaud, Chauvin, Stuart and the Chairman be a
committee to investigate the Treasurer's request as to additional salary In
re coflection of taxes, and they to réport at the June
That the request from J. W. Noble, District Repr

the Ontario Temperance Act. He
points out that there was no evidence
to justify the cor yn, and that the
evidence of a pre 8 conviction that
was admitted should not have been in-
troduced

revenue of accon
¢ year ended 3

ative, re publicity

Hie. Amherstburg “saan... > pamphlets, be laid over till the June sessjon. ’ : Brai
37 ry TT That the Clerk, the Treasurer and the Warden be Instructed to draw a || Of course, there are Brain workers and Muscle workers and Muscle and rain
& Tas wigs aes ff I i resolution concurring with Simeoe County in regard to Registrar's fees, and J . y. i ; 1 et anol onlin TT |
i, 5 BI) 2 Vve~ar > he Atlornav-CoaLar AbD of og 3 ; : se fer denendernice each .
: Comber... Shor forward same to the Attorney-General, and that a copy of Auditor's report be + workers. The wise man knows tlieidependernce
: Conan le io } HOW EVERY $4 HELPS. forwarded with such resolution. k J
ip Essex = We recommend that the Auditors’ report on the fees of the County . No ;
44 Ford RR » price of a Registrar be printed. ; | Each individual has his or her little corner to fill, his little or big task to per-
a HETTOW «© «vn oon is not We also recommend that the accounts recommended to be paid by the > : J ‘ks of mankind is worthy of the whole,
Kingsville ...... Wages Road and Bridge Committee and the Highway Committee he paid: in form. -Each must see that his pamt in the works of ni E
Ls pia ar A rm While each and every one of us sihould have a knowledge of the system we are help-
Me Gr san for ope day. In these 3 3 So 3 hos 5 a
Maldstone. ... hii Mi BR dt (Signed) A. T. ARMSTRONG, ing to build up, should acquaint owrselves with the intricate workings of oi New :
xlea 1s d nt Ji wares J Q ' . ; : > . - ctvwilizati Fi is s ¥
ent EL => : a oe Sine, Sandwleli, March 13th, 1919. i Social Order of the newer and brmader civilization that is sweeping over the world
St. Joacl The more money t is placed like an avalanche of snow over a precipice, we must not forget that the world is de-
1 + Govern- pod A —————— ap —— Se wo
SL or R tof The Highways’ C ittee + |@8° pending on each of us to “do our Wit,” Jo do anything within our power to make this
thelmore, ered: porto igaways:Lommitice. a brighter, happier and better world.
) supply to. 4
r Sel To the Warden and Council of the County of Esse 3 A
Ee iit : in Council assembled ;— It -is our duty, especially duriing this period of readjustment, to help keep all the
Te CT i Gentlemen, —Your Highways Committee beg leave to report as follows; wheels of indusfry turning that will’ jgrind out real value, to labor and provide labor
aed il annals : We recommend payment of our proper prdportion of account presented

» be employed by Kent County for maintenance of the Essex and Kent ¢

On, the advice of nty Solicitor, we recomméni
ity, Roads as gdefined. in By-Laws 374 and
ction with thesdangerous crossing on Road 2
he Neal Bak

unty Line. for willing hands. The world must be fed whetlier it works or not. The Farmer holds :
34 HO changaibe the key to the Pantry. The Working Maun is willing to give a thousand ‘and: one

articles, do a thousand Ind one things in exchange for food, but bear in mind that

‘ he is going to have food whether your give him work or not. 4

WORDS OF PRAISE FOR
BABY'S OWN TABLETS

16

~~ a he

), 4, at-the M, @&
Co, in their letter of Match Sth, 1919, hive
offered to give a €66-foot road throngh their property in order to extend: the
Dougall Road from the Cavenagh Road across their property to the gravel
toad, being the County's Road No, 4,, on condition that the County grade the
10ad. fen move certain of their buildings, ‘we 1: nmend that G:.

“Going slow and sitting tight” hare no place in an ambitions and Patriotic man's

vocabulary. He knows that he must: ‘keep the dollar rolling or it will fall flat.
SH — ET — i pp pm—— SN ——

offer of ; £0. he acpepled and they 50 notif
We I scommend®in conneetlon wi
fon be m

1 railway crodsings on Coukizl
of the Railway, Companies inter-
5 at the road crossings, ds there

—

receives such great
thankful mothers as do
8 "ablets, Once a mother
used them for her little ones
wilk use nothing else. The Tab-

What are you doing, Mr. Farmer; to help out in this, period of reconstruction?

the Chairman: of the Committee and the Road Are you sitting tight? Or are-you cine of the far sighted men that knows that the
ange yi] Rem County json divisioniol thelCoun(y Progressive man stands to win whether prices gorup or down. «Have you figured out

are

We recor
Syperintendeant
Line, as tak

a re me we wr mer err : Bi i a SR SPP

ire mild but thorough laxative We recommend Committers meet if negessary the simple little problem that wages: in the basis of all value and that if wages stay
: 4 regulate the bevels and stom- {once a mo or more frequent ( aiff of the Chalrman, and that the i + > rorv Av D evorvihi io “Ff niin re 13
jiany a1 $ Rp drive out ‘tonstipation and indi- | Committed go over all the roids fn the Good Roads System as soon as prac up (they are going higher avery day 3! rE: rything else must find a corresponding level, :
December 9th | gestion: cure colds and simnlo fevers; | ticable; : having regard, of course, to science: and invention, and a modification of the distribu- -
SpPIYLY letler:to promotes lealthiid sleep and make :

We recommend tha

sobn as the Provincial Highway has been desig
nated through

their late regimental paymaster in

tepthing easy. Concerning tiem Mrs. tion of earnings which is bound to come’

England Soldiers discharged late 4 8x Lol . 1hj8 Committee dt once submit’ tpfthe Depart- 3 : ] |
Eo in Sh EF, es oi Hera wppll. Omer LeBlen; Maddington Falls ment of Highwa » matter of roads to be considered kg Provincial; County . . $ 1%
I « 1600 ( JAKE appii- . ol :
La writes: “I “amy well, satisy Roads. Toy af «TRA or ps 4 fe ALT ae Er ;
eation. Baby's Own Tablets Gh i. We earnestly request,that the Provincial Goverim ate and begin 5 How Wi oy the i ban of Tnrmet who is but making a fair return on Capi- Ey
TE AT ET uss them for my litle gnk work aw the Provipcfil Highway through ly a date as al invested. and is getting but a fuiir reward for his labor, there is io" oecast :
CANADIAN POSTAL INFORMATION Im icc no” oid” by medicine dealers possibla i ; EE a ag 1 3B J yn : ccaston to be {
The number of tones: order offices | 07 Pr. Mall 1 cents a box from The We further recommend that returned soldiers he employed. whenever pprehensive, prov » lowever:, that he takes advantage of the use of modern and §
le number o ney order. offices icin J 3roc 4 1 : : re ———— mh —
In‘operat TR ARet ne Br. Willamsia Medicine Co. Brock-[ practicable. up-to-date appliances in‘the prosiecnti is DUSI TERS
i opera lon a3 X anada on March SIL | vine. Ont We furthér recommend the payment of the following accounts: — I DI : ! ecntion of his business. ‘ Y [}
o oe bits 5 a1 yer A 30 one a a WH. Knister, Caunty Road Superintendents attending County Road 4 ; A
8 Previons year. at nh 3 Superintendents’ Convention and Good Roads convertion at, To- ! . hy: ot !
of orders issued during the year ey ONTARIC ABEETS : upsF onde Ls Convention and God Ro pares ion; Xe 11 0 You, Mr. Farmer, no more: than any other business man can expect to competé 0
2 13.8 Spal g Ja bi Son hh UNDERTAGE HIGHWAY PLAN [Louis Smith, attending County Roads .S convention in the world’s markets unless wou employ’ modern machinery and labor saving de- oc
pre 28s § C and Good Roads convention at Toronto, March 2 Sth... +32 00 vices. ' wu : ing
ms pri ~s | Basis Provincial Expenditure Is the | Peter Corbett, attending’County Roads Superintende convention 5 { . oh
on a To an us Ri Lo RBvonud-Nacolvad From and Good Roads cinvention, Torontc, March 2nd—6th.........; 22 00 . , \ ]
Id Sd UALR a A Bi J. F. Millen, atending County Roads Superintendents’ convention b If the Manufacturer 67 Autaimobiles Far AE 5
year with a valuewof $116,764.491.11 Motor Vehicles. and Gicll Roads: convention TTomonte hero sry 6th 32°00 : es Suis mobiles, Farm Machinery, -etc,, -had . stuck to the
joote pagable Jn the Dominion of Can Rt rT tran County’ Treasurer's “convention Lae 29 g5 Anvil and Forge you couldnt ny a car for a Million Dollars i at alle, 12 It ad 2
A bona L amit at valve of 20 dn, advanced grog ly ¥ fied | John F. Millen, attending at Toronto with Mr. Rodd. Lefore, Drain- not been for the far sighted men, who saw {hilt ti iy 2
194,676.43, were payable abroad. The | development is undoubtedly -justific CE ROI Bo 3 15 50 Who saw the possibilities of applied science in busi- Ee
number of orders issued abroad and |from a financial point of view. The x ee BT er Ra al Dr eee ness, and who ‘were willing to hack ‘their juden nt with har i -
payable in Canada was 668.990, with | basis of the Provincial expenditure on All of wiileh is respectfully submitted, now. be enjoyin Aut bil Judgiient with hard cash, we would not g
’nr aggregate value “of $8,385.627.24. froads®™n Southern Ontario is tie rev- (Signee) WN. WOOLLATT. : Joping: an omobyle,, itheel elephoue, the Phonograph Wireless the Under-
The number of orders issued in Can-|enue from motor vehicle permits. The - Chafrman, drainage Machine (as wonderful’ ws any) and a thousand c SH ]
) ada on the United States was*1,070,-| Government has given the assurauce Sandwich, March 13th, 1919, . with ; half ot € a thousand ore things we have and use Be.
935 and the value $15741,314.28. The |that motor car revenue will be de.|™"" ya out half appreciating the efforts necessary to bring them to their present tate of
number of orders ‘issued in Unit- | vored to this work. in $03 the fees . deg x perfection, : I ert state ol
ed States on Canada was 56 , and |'were substantially increase or that ’ "
the values $7,591,606.42. The average purpose. In 1918 the total a Report of The Road and Bridge} Committee. ¥
value of ‘money orders issued during |from all sources,” amounted to $1,214. To the Warden and Council of the County of Essex Do yau appreciate ti val f tk dri
3 ; Ane 8 dot ahiiy bh nd y of Essex, y pprec > the value of the Druinae Yarhing? ;
tha year was $14.41, and the average | 000. This in itself is evidence that in Council] assembled — rp with less 1abor and.) Tanage Machine? Does doubling’ your
commission received from the .public an advanced program fs necessary. : I SS expense NMitngn anything to you? Wh : ~
was 8.990 cents. « The total receipts| .On a conservative estimate there is Gentlemen,—Your Road and Birdge Committee beg leave to report as pense we mean it absolutely. Remembgiy it d " Cobian My SY g55 ox
from all sources “amounted to $944. | room for 200,000 cars in Ontario: which follows : — * ’ ; ; i y IL doesn’t cost anything to install a Drain-
8565.29, and the total expenditures, in-| number will probably be reached by a We recommend the payment af the following DUNE I= age Machine. It's always worth the Money
cluding the salaries of the inside ser-{ revenue in excess of $2,250,000. Bd. Tellier, 1 day and mileage, inspecting ~ co =

rade at New
LE RE er Ie de PD A $ 7 60

Only things that wes

; ; A gs L we
In value cost money. It doesn't cost you a 2 rout and depreciate
Robert A. Halford, 1 day and mileage inspdtting county grade at

vice at Ottawa, to $924,301.65, leaving rr 1ything to put $2.000 § ¢
Isn't $2,000 invested in a drainage machi najust 8 10 PUL 35,000 in the. Bank, does it?

y Aan excess of receipts over expend-

“Road expenditure,” says the Gov-
ernment, “should not be considered on

ture of $20,553.64. the basis of the grand total to. be AE LE ri EE TA I EC | Ce 4 20 times more interest? as sale? and doesn't it pay ten to fifteen’
spent in a term of twenty years— We recommend that missioners to have : : - * |
any Hd than the DY inging Zp of the grade repaired and gravelled at New Canfian, i
family. It Is an annual matter, to be That all county bridges in need of palnMng be painted, and the work be i at i A
met by annual fucome. If we were to] done by the townships interested, and ie County ne charged its portion on Are you Wortving about a late Spring because we had an open Wij A y
ask the township councils to spend on | the respective bridges. man with the tiled farm if he is Worrying. pen Winter? Ask the
their roads $20,000,000 in the next ten That the Clerk be instructed to write again to the P. M. Rallway in rn . i
years, on the first flush it. might pre-| eference to putting in a. tile drain along their reservoir to prevent sonkage f
Eipiigte . riot. «Yet townsn) gawicils through the road, as the Commissioners are ready to put the road in répair Don’t forget these facts: —There has been an acu |
of Ontario are now spending as soon as the sald work is done. Vion J Ate short
“12,000,000 a year on theis -roads—or That the Municipality of the County of Essex request the Government to years. With what tile are on hand in the different vards age of tile for some
$20,000,000 in a term of ten years, | degignaté the Talbot Road as a Provincial Highway within the County of. what will be made this year there will « 1 - in .Fssex and Kent and is
The Province can face its obligations | Zggex, provided that at the same time there is designated as Provincial ; Only be enough tile to wi 5

to roads In the same way.”

County counells¥will probably. make
special expenditures on their market
roads during the period of reconstruc-
tion, and will be encouraged to do so.
|] But it is estimated that, on the present
basis of Provincial subsidies, the nor-
mal demand on the Province will be
about $1,000,000 annually. But it {8
felt that before the percentage of coun-
ty subsidies are increased the present
scale should be tested.

The charge on the Province for Pro-
vincial highways is 70 per cent. of the
outlay, and it Js anticipated that Fed-
eral grants will reifeve this to some
extent. Without materially exceeding
the estimated’ revenue from motor
cars, it Is apparent that an annual ex-
penditure op provincial highways of
from $1.000,000 to $2,000,000 for a few
years, a part to be ralsed by loan, if
necessary, Is safely within the re-
sources of the Pravince.

It is to be remembered that the
Highway Improvement Act, the prin-

County Highways at least two of the following roads: — J

1. The Middle Road from Maldstone to the Town of Tilbury.

2. The Tecumseh Road from the eastern boundary of the City ot-Wind-
jor to the bridge over Belle River. From the intersection of Main street and
Eighth street in the Village ‘of Belle River easterly along Main street to the
Sharron Line of First Concession road east of the suid village, thence south!
along said Sharron Line to the Base Line to the boundarips between Essex
and Kent Counties.

3. Commencing at Ruthven at the intersection of the Talbot Road and
the First Concession Road {n the Township of Gosfield South, ithence west-
erly along sald Cancession road tao Kingsville, thence from the westerly
umits, of Kingaville.along sald. concession road through Harrow to the Town.
ine between the Townships of Malden and Colchester South, thence northely
along the sald Townline to the side read between Lots 66 and 86 in the Town-
<hip of Malden, thence westerly along said side road io the Sixth Concession’
ond, thence northerly along said Sixth Concession Rénd to the side road
between lots 48 and 49, thence westerly along sald side rond to the 3rd Conces-
sion ence north to the Pike road, thence westerly along the Pike road
to Amherstburg. Thence northerly from Amherstburg along the Front Road }|
in_Anderdon to the Townline between Anderdon and Sandwich West, thence
northerly through the Township of Sandwich West along the Front Road to |
connect with the paved road at Turkey Creék on lot 36 in Sandwich West |
Township, TR X

. Wajalso recommend that work an the Provincial Highway be commenced
as«s00n as possible. i

All of which is respectfully submitted.

“every hundred acres that need tiling
vided no tile are shipped out of Essex

or one farm ip: every hundred. THis pro-

and Kent. WTA 3 Re
almost in trainloads right now. Do these ie Tas. are Boing outin carloads and ‘.

anythi oe
only one per cent. of the farmers can get their ty ng to you? Remember
you going to be one of the lucky ones? Hts of tile this year. Are . |
you act quickly.

We can

\

Sunlight does it
“You who always dread wash
day—beause of the hours of
weary, wash-board rubbiag, the

~ damp steamy air, with perhaps
your skirt and shoes splashed
and soaked— just forget all that.

“Come into the ease and £0m= %
~ fort of a Sunlight Wash Day.

id ‘ ciple of aid to county roads, was adopt s «uy . a }
Sunlight Soap will dp the wash— led bore the revenue from motor cars : (Signed) ED, TEI Lika, oH = —————
you ean go out calling or shop- - was a fagtor in the situation. and for | Sandwich, March 13th, 1919. chon } g

a period, at least, until a basis of a 1 b v ’ ! -

ping. : Rend the dirgetions. system of highways has been reached,
—— Jour expenditures should not necesgary

be strictly limited to the income from

§ | motor cars.

| To establish and assume a system

Payments made by South” African
life {nsurance companfes, \as & result
of deaths from the epiden
to over a milton and a qu

he Tilbury Brick and Tile Co,

‘of Provincial highways does not in {t- Ing. The pri nancial suffe

self constitute a ilabflity. Tha high- Tanith ere Hn South A Eo ME YB . hgh ing
ways are here now and must be main. Mutual which hithert out GET Ra eg / { ¢} doo Wr

tained in any event. The Provincial : £320,000 as comp 000 Ea bd o » i : I by.

i 1 ii losses arising out of ] . .

service during the w
RR SEL in

