0 A AA A

an

re

LA

THE A

ee

Knitted Wool
Hug-Me Tights.

These comfortable garments are lo be worn under the suit eoal

arrive. Some are tashioned with full sleeves,
when the first cold days ¥ A re eat

others are sleeveless, some fashioned with buttons,
finish with a ribbon tie. They come in good colors and prices at $2.50

Ns
Our Show of Underwear

Because our cuftom has always been 10 buy early, we are in
readiness right now to show you just the kind of Underwear you

Exquisite Neckwear

A youthful neckline is simply a matter of the right collar. Feml-
nine wisdom Knows fully half the charm of every dress or blouse lies
in its collar Much elusive appeal lies principally, in the cut of the
collars we are displaying Here are satin collars at $1.50, Georgette
collars with lace edges at $6, and vestees and cuffs in a wide as-

semblage

Men’s New Shirts

Are in Favored Colors

that are produced of wonderfully
Perca and Madras cloth introducing clever orings, and they're
fashioned in roomy comfortable soft cuff styles—priced at $1.50 to
$4.00, ‘Silk fibre shirts at $5 and 26.50—a full range of ‘sizes repre-
sented.

_ Silk Shirts at

Neckwork of the Hour

Splendid big tour-in-hands of glorious colored and patterned silks.

with scores of them to choose from at 75c to $3. Fine knitted silk

gcarf{s In generous size four-in-hand styles at 31.50 to $4.
Men's Section—Main Floor.

.

Shirts f quality Cambrics,

 

— -o —

BARTLET, MACDONALD & GOW

9-11-18 Sandwich St. East and 16 Ouellette Ave.

WINDSOR

eoferforforfesferfeferfertorteetectsrfesferfectecfecteefeeesfeefeoferfecferiecieole oe 2 Te HM NON

:

a
=
S
S

BN a A

Crockery
Kitchen Utensils
and Stationery

meh

Anything you may require
in these lines.

C. C. KEMP

MURRAY ST. Si ~AMHERSTBURG, ONT.
enfostocffonfonfosfosocfocforfesfocfofefertoefefosioforfertrofoeiesoderierieotoiode

1 MMH

+
x
i
::
+

|

 

Thursday
Friday og :

$3,000 IN PRIZES——$800. IN

~ Grand, Balloon Ascensions.
~ and Parachute’ Drops

Two Races Daily ! Base Ball Games !

~ Kilties Pipe Bands and Other -Bands
SCHOOL PARADE AND SPORTS 4
| STOCK PARADE ITCHING CONTEST
> POTATO RACES: ~ EXPERT JUDGING

: EXCELLENT EXHIBITS OF GRAIN, STOCK AND POULTRY

LR JOHNSON, ~~ V

, President.

 

 

% “8 2 Sg * :
Our Butcher Shop and Grocery on Gore street has been
opened, and with Service, Quality and Variety. we hope to

s|the bride's home, where
«| dinner was awaiting’ them.

THE ECHO
THE ECHO PRINTING Co. limited

+OHN A. AULD,
President.

Q

Sir Adam Beck. since i902 1.ondon’s
representative in the Legislature, will
enter the contest in the forthcoming
election with a definite declaration of,
independence The Co.servative As-
sociation of Landon hi en defimite-
ly advised by Sir Adam’ that he will
not be a supporter of the Hearst Gov-
ernment.

—————

Brig.-Gen. Henri Panet, C.M.G., D.S.
O. Royal Canadian Artillery. Kings-
ton. has been selected to succeed
Brig-Gen, L. W. Shannon, General
Officer. Commanding Military District
No. 1. who Is soon to retire. Brig.
Gen. Panet was born. in 1869, and is
a descendant of a well-known French-
Canadian family. He served with dis-
tinction in South Africa and in the
European war., He is“a brother of A.
P. E. Panet, barrister, of Windsor.

NORTH ESSEX LIBERAL CONVEN.-
“ TION.

A convention of the Liberals of
North Essex will be held to-morrow
(Saturday), October -4th, at 1.30 p.m.
in the Ford Clty theater, forthe pur-
pose of nominating a candidate for the
coming Provincial elections.

—————

THANKSGIVING DAY.

The Government has fixed Monday,
October 13th, as Thanksgiving Day tor
he Dominion, despite pressure brought
to,bear upon_it to name November
11th (Armistice Day). .

—_—
SUCCEEDS LATE JUDGE DROM-
GOLE.

It was announced from Ottawa on
Wednesday that Judge J. Coughlin,
Junior Judge of Kent County, had been
appointed Senior Judge of Essex
county to fill the vacancy caused by
the death of Judge John O. Dromgole.
Three other appointments were gazet-
ted same day: Judge R. D. Gunn,
Junior Judge of Catleton, is appoint-
pd-judge of the same county; Judge
Hearn, Junior’ Judge of Waterloo, is
appointed Judge of the same county.
and Judge Widdifield, Junior Judge of
Grey county, Is appointed Junior
Judge of York

rere Sb To
PELEE ISLAND.

For Sale.—One of the best farms in
Malden township, situated on Lhe Plke
road, well improved. A bargain if sold

at once. Apply Franklin A. Hough.
Amherstburg
NTT S-_— a
GOSFIELD SOUTH.
Ruthven,

The marridgge of Miss: Mabel Cas-
cadden., youngest daughtes of Mrs. 1.
Cascadden, of this place, and Stewart
Walters, of Windsor, was quietly s0l-
emnized at the residence on Wedness
day by Rev. C. L. L.- Cousens, a former
pastor of tae Methodist church. Only
{mmediate relatives werek in attend-
nance.

-

~ WINDSOR.

Kathleen Britton; 7 years old, daugh-
wer of Charles Britton, 213 Bruce ave-
nue, Windsor, was instantly killed
Monday afternoon ‘when she was
struck By an automobile driven by
Nathan Y. Taylor, real estate operator,
83% West-London: street, Windsor, as
she was crossing Bruce avenue, a
block from her home. Taylor,” who is
being shéld at, police headquarters, is
alleged to have deiven on the, wrong
side of the streety 'Dr. J. S. Label
coroner. ordered ‘an investigation of
the fatality:

“4

———— RT
ANDERDON. .
%_Chestniot coke - expected | daily,

place’ your ordén now. Fails Bros.

Don't forget Fred. Mitchell's sale at
Gesto. October 7th, at 1 o'clock.

Car ‘of winter potalpes to arrive
in a few days, D, Barron, Amherst-
burg. *

See Lewiz Barron if you want.to buy
a good farm within the next-two
weeks. ’ .

George
Harrow.
Boussey's &

Arthur Boismier and Lride (nee (e-
cil'a Can.peall), of Ojibway: spent Sun-

t uncle's, Peter Dufour’s,
Celestine Thibadeau and
Eva Fobert, of Sandwich, visited with
Miss Beatrice Beneteau last Sunday.

Servicer will be held’ in Trinity
chitreh, Anderdon, on Sunday afternoon
at 3 p.m. Everybody mada welcome

Remember’ Wm. Menzies’ Big sale
of * housshnld furditure to-morrow
(Saturday), North Dalhousie St, Am-
hierstburg \

Albert Beneteau thresbed S$ acres
of clover seed, which turned out” 363%
bushels. He received a check for $800
for the same y A

Take m couple Of days off next week
and attend the Harrow Fair, Tuesdny
{and Wednesday, - Big dist of sporting
eyents second day.

There will be a euchre aad pedro
party given in the Parish ‘Hall on
Tuesday eyening, October 14th, under
the auspices of the Cathole Ladies’
"Club. wT

Ulric Rocheleauf who drrived Friday
from Torquay, ‘Sask. Was visiting
friends here on Sunday. He reports
tie _cropsitaere very paer, having had
a ‘severe tornado. in August. When,
there he stayed with hig uncle, Sam
Laframbolse. . > I

Mr, and Mrs Andrew Gibb were de-
lighted Wednesday afternoon to Te:

ejve word that their son ‘Martin hod
arrived InsHalifax from overseas. and
is expected home this week. It is a

Tofflémire and family, of
spent Sunday at Charles

| certainty that there will be a neighbor-

| hood _jollification worth while, for

| wedding took place
Tuesday, September 23rd, when Miss
Pearl, second daughter of Fred. Moy-
ville, and tus Deneau, eldest son
of John Denenu, Amherstburg, were
united in the holy bonds of matrimony
byyRev. Fr. Pinsonnepult, at the R. C.

| church, McGregor. The bride looked
very sweet In a navy blue suit. and
white picture hat. She carried a bou-
quet of white roses and was attended
by her sister Myrtle and Miss Da-
donna Bondy, while ‘Wiltred Bondy
and Everett Mayville were best men.
After tho. ceremony they returned to

avery nice

In the

afternoon the wedding pa

to. Windsor. Mr. Den

| win reside at 118 Catara

itre
Windsor. © RE TED
| Knox Prasbytering church, Mitchell.
is installing a new m organ,
costing $4600.
“Boutelller, former;
{nland revenus work

, TIE UNION FAIR.

Amherstbug Was Ready to Welcome

Thousajye But Rain Turned Them Sec Lewis Barron if you want to buy

Bac

xhibits Good But Fewer 4 : TN  AmoXt two

Than "| a good farm within the
sual—Pr¢sentaion of Med A ;

“als to v .
ye Siders Outstanding Fea: Car of “winter

Th — in a few days.
® 8UCGgs of the Fall Fairs is de- | burg.
pendent Myra than antthing else, on = Arias and Miss A. Arner spent sun
the weathé go when a northeast rain | day with Mrs. ,George Anderson an
with a _deGged drop In temperature, y.
such ‘a8 Wi pyd- on Pruesday. falls on| Rev. C. R Durrant. of Harrow, will
the day pliged out for the Fair, it is preach in Malden Methodist church on
10 Sider that the Union Fair at Am-} Si nday evening, October 13th. a
birstburg was badly handicapped. Mr. and Mrs. Wm: Wright and Miss
There ape always, however. those who Stella Nichols, of Sadwigh. vigiied us
i «sted to brave any | the parsonage Saturday and Sunday.
Lh BL Le Remember Wm. Menzies’ big_salé

discomfort to. help out and thelr 4
p:esence In quite large numbers dur- | of household furniture Lo-morrow
ing the afternoon was ‘he only thing (Saturday), North Dalhousie St. Am-

that saved the situation. herstburg. .
Fairs throughout the Province, this Mr, and Mrs. A. K. Fraser, of Wind-

Fall, are the victims of the times, to | sor, and Miss Edith Stair, of Toronto,
a great extent, gud the Departmental | were guests of Mr. and ‘Mrs. Ross L.
judges stated that while the exhibits | Hunt, Sunday, : :

at Amherstburg were no: as namerous Mr. and Mrs, William Smith, Union-
as usual, they were of higher merit on-the-Lake; Mr. and Mrs. John Corn-
than at many of the Fairs which they | wall, of Harrow, spent Sunday at
had visited. “In the stock departments william Waldron’s.

particularly. the animals were all Take a couple of days olf next week
high class, and-many of them had been | and attend the Harrow Fair, Tuesday
prize winners at Provir {al exhibitions. | and Wednesday, Big la. ol sporting
The long dry summer had its effect | events second day.

on the grain, the exhibits of which There will be a éuchre
were very light, while the heavy | party given {fn the Parish Hall on
pressare of work ti fall, harvesting Tuesday evening, October 14th under
the corn and tobacco crops ind plant:| the auspices of the Catholic Ladies’
ing whear simply meint that farmers Club. :

who otherwise would have been here For Sale.—One of the best farms in
felt that hey could riot spare even a Malden township, situated on the Pike
day off. and Fairs are @& sccoess or road, well improved. A pargain if sold
failure just. in proportion to the ex- at once. Apply Franklin A. Hough.
tent sucu a sentiment exists Amherstburg.

The directors had sverything,sebdor The Women's Institute will meet at
a bumper crowd. Neyer before wis the home of Mrs. Henry Anderson, on
there such a demanl for booth space. Monday, October 6th. A full attend-
and a good proglon of sports had | ance is requested to transact speclal
been arranged. Tie rain prevented important business.
the ‘races, and kep: the Leamington _ Afr. and Mrs. J, J Beeman and fam-
baseball club heme. but the Woodslee | ily. of Detroit: Gordon Waldron, of
team, reinforced wih four returned Walkerville; Mrs. Jane McCormick,
goldlers came here or an“outing and | of Pelee Island, spent the week-end at
played a five-inning: game with the | William Waldron's.
Amherstburg team, resulting in a win Malden services,
for the home boys C to L It. was a |5th: 10 am. Sundey school; 11 a.m.
tidy game throughout, there being | morning prayer and sermon; 7.30 Dn.
many fine plays which the aulience | m., evening service. The pastor will
heartily cheered. be in charge of both services,

A rearrangement of the ladies’ work
and domestic displ oy the Frovin-
cial Department, this year barred out
a good many professionai exhibitors,
and the en‘ry list in theke ware light.
The fruit and vegetables were dne.
P. L. Fancher, corn expert, who judged
the seeds, declaredéthat the“wrn
shown was the-best he had seen Ir the
wegtern district.

The principal _exhibiiors of cattle
were James Martin, Aberdeen Angus

pot
pon§ forget Fred. Mitchell's sale at
Gesto. October 7th, at 1 o'clock.

and pedro

Sunday, October

People’s Bible Classes will be held at
the home of Mrs, John Waters this
(Friday) evening, October 3rd. All
young people are cordially inyfted.

The annual Sunday Scho and Ep-
worth League conventigm of the
Methodist: ‘church for the Windsor
District will be held Tuesday, October
7th, in the California churcli, Ruth-
ven circuit,

The Referendum Committee of the

The regular meeting of the Youngf

The new Chevrolet Model FB Touring Car is offered
with the feeling that it Is fully worthy of bearing the
Ae

" well known name “Chevrolet.”

-

It is a model sure to distinguish itself by a noteworthy
record, for in it is incorporated every feature necessary
to make it a most popular automobile.

’

a.

r 4

“Baby Grand” (Model FB) Touring Car, equipped
electric lights and starter; highest type two-unit
system, single wiring used. One-man top, with
side curtains opening with doors, and tilted wind.
shield. Complete lamp equipment, including ‘head-
light dimmers; electric horn; speedometer; de
mountable rims, with extra, rim; tire carrier;
license holder. Price £1495 f.0b, Oshawa, Ont.

72
0)
Q
nt
=)
=~ ,
=
ay
2
~
-
=~)
SS
xy
E
=:

Carnahan Motor: Sales

AMHERSTBURG, ONT.
teed teed

ERROR SRORAOOROR SOIR SS Sa

( No. 2

To the Electors of South Essex :

LADIES AND GENTLEMEN:

I went to Kingsville on the 16th to hear hat Mr.
Hartley Dewart, K.C., and Lambert P. Wigle. M.P.P., had
to say. They made good speeches from their standpoint.
When Lambert was nominated and asked to speak, the
most prominent part of his speech was, “We must wake
up.” . Yes, “we must wake up.” 1 thought that was a
good idea, Because.he has been asleep for the past five
years. 1 wonder if he and Milton Fox knew that we
had been fighting Germany all that time. If they did,
I never saw either of them.at any of the 50 or $0 patriotic
meetings wich I attended, while both were asleep.

Lambert intimated that the Opposition forced the

herd: E. A. Patton and F. C Brush,
Malden; Shorthorns; Gi G. Gould, Ed-
gar Mills, Shorthorus.
NOTES— A Bi
The pupils of S. S. No. 2, Malden,
under the direction of their teacher,
Migs Shepley, mude a mest creditable
display of farm and garden prodicts,
flowers, fruits, etc.) jn the east build-
building. It was tastefully, arranged,
and created a great deal of intersst.
It other schools would as uncelfisaly
devote their energies to such displiys
it would not only-be of great educa-
tional value, but bedutily the buildings
better than it could’ be done in’ any
other way. Miss Shepley and her
scholars won «the thanks of Lhe So-

Malden municipality will meet in. No.
2 school house Monday evening, Octo-
ber 6th. This committee will include
all who took part fn the straw vote
canvass. Please be on deck as usual.

While cutting tobacco Wednesday (
of last week, Merrill Deneau’s knife
struck a stone and glancing caught {
the thumb and second finger of his
left hand, clipping the end of the
thumb off and badly lacerating the
finger. {

The meeting of the W.M.S. and
Ladies’ Ald of Malden will be post-
poned until Wednesday aiternoon, Oc-
tober 15th, on account of the regular
«day for this meeting coming on the
last day of the Harrow Fair. Full
particulars of meeting etx week,

Hearst Government to give women votes, and to bring
down the Temperance Act. If he and his friends forced
those good measures, it is a pity they did not keep. on
forcing and force the Government to stop the sandsuckers
from taking away Point: Pelee and Pelee Island.

IT was one of sixteen who voted in 1875 that wonien
should have votes. * My vote would have given them a
vote forty-four years ago. Elect me and 1 hop= I will
not have to bring the leader of either party at the end of
four years to tell you what I have done. You will read
it in The Globe, and Mail and Empire the next. day.

Lambert's many friends whom he had five years ago

~Great War, Veterans was well patron- {rong

tiety.
Mrs. Av Aikman had a nicely ar-} Wednesday, October 15th, Lieut.<Col.
ranged corner in, which she showed | Fallis, vV.C., who has spent gaveral
roofing, wall board and sther builders’ | years overseas and the last year'ot the
supplies. = war with the leadquarters of Sir
Jones & Taylor showed a line of | Douglas Haig, will lecture fmathe Mal
ranges and heaters, ‘and distributed | den Methodist church on “The Inner
tiny coal shovel souvenirs. . | Workings: of the Great Wat.” Col.
‘fhe Kemp Furniture Co's big tent]Fallis is a great orator. Don't miss it.
war. filled with Fords, aad the many} _ Meetings in the interests of Al G.
visitors they entertained: proved thatirizdelle, UF.O. candidate for North
the “Universal” car fa nigntly named. | Bsgex. will be held at the town hall,
The “canteen of the Amherstburg | Afalden, Monday, October 6th; Pat-
0 Hall. Anderdon, Tuesday, Octo-
Ladles of Christ church were [har 7ili and the church hall. Loiselle-
ville, Wednesday, October Sth. All
meetings begin at 8 o'clock, and will
be addressed. by the candidate and
/ others. \
Stuart Cornwall, of Detroit, has pur-
r y chased John, Beaudoin's forty-acre
prizes on Saturdey, October 18th, farm on the Malden-Colchester town-
Mrs. Stafford Brush won the Kems | jine; and expects to move there Short-
Furnitiire Co.'s ®pecial prize for driv-f1y, ~All of Mr. and Mrs, Cornwall's
inz a Ford CRT. x. many friends an naighbors are 'de-
R, & G. Johnston, “of Essex. wer |jighted to hawethem © back in their
new exhibitors, havinga tent in which { neighborhood and all wish them the
they showed gasoline engines and) past of luck and happiness in their
pumping maciinery roid nad new home.
“John Mopre; ‘of Sandwich.zhad o
\Eriscof tent in ‘which he displayed t%o di pr Buisiond es
care of this make, whigh attracted ali 3ys an of Lhe eath, of ler
good deal-of attention, other, Dr. John Topping at La
8 “ E, | Gygne, Kas. and le’t Monday mora
Hon. George P° .Graham, > Liberal| o™ on by ALE
condidate {or South Essex for. the Do- ae 2 irons a ag funeral. It will ye
minfon Parliament, -and A. ,G. Tis ToT arec ied Dr. Topping, who
delle, U.F.0/ candidate for the Pro-1 100 BAES pest EE Soe ary
vinclal House for North Essex, were | oF ERe aa Sasa Inive ty.
both on the Grounds saaking Lands) oo a 7 in OW 3, Cams cast ast
with tie eloctors and geiting ac: | pr ng and spent some time with Mrs
1a integ all round. Jotsford, leaving in August for Flor-
How to heat the high cost of fuel | 102. i Rosings hor, ie Js survived Py
was demonstrated by representatives J ae rs Ko IS. ered Bratt,
of the Nukol Co. of Walkerville, who, Miss En BS 4 be ¥ Manian
put up a ove In a tent and burned |e 0h o opp mg oalstock. and
this new fuel, which is composed” of | rs. ‘Anderson, of Oshawa.
hard coal screenings pressed Into ng The marriage of Miss Lina Collison
gots apd sald at $10 the ton The | and Dave W. Warren. of Detroit, was

démonztration was eminently satis. solemnized at ‘thie rectory. Windsor,

ized.
kept busy in their refreshment hootl
supplying sandwiches, coffee and tea
which were in great demand
og NOTES.

Prize list next week.

The Seer tary will be ready to pay

recelved word

would like him to come down here and get a second intro-
duction, because they have not seen him since they voted
. for him in 1914. ; ‘

1 have plenty of time to look after your interests.
Elect ‘me and see if you will not be represented better
. than you have been since Messrs. Balfour and Auld’s
1 “time. I voted for Dr. Anderson and thought he did not
do «yery well. ‘I voted for’ Lambert P. Wigle and have
found:that he is a failure. This time I am going to vote
for myself. ou vote with me and see if we don’t make
a better choice. T have plenty*to live on, no irons in the
fire burning. Will devote .the most of my time looking
after your interests and make; you feel that’ you,are
being better represented than you have been foc a long
time. “Lam, =p

+ Yours respectfully,
” EWIS WIGLE.
Joint meeting, Harrow, Friday, October 10th, at 5.00 8. F
The Ladies are invited.

PEEP ee

we :

{JOHN GRANT

»

Phone 180. We Deliver

Saturday, Monday, Tuesdays
OUR FRESH GROUND COFFEE, Regular 60c 47ct

+ “STANDARD” SOAP, 3barsfor....... ARE Tx aii ...25¢

1 E660 BAKING POWDER, Regular 40c, .......

 

 

idee ede

dactory. . ‘ i
An exiiibit of which all Amherst-
burg ig proud. ®
container. It had the appearance of

flour, but-upon closer inspection prov-¢

ed to he Scda Ash, which is now. for
the first time in*Canada- being manu:
tactured by the Brunner, Mond. The
fact that the nfanufacturc of the pro-
duct spells prosperity for the whole
district gave this timely exhibit the
significance it deserved.

The baby show had only three ex-| broach, and to“the groomsman, a pair

Nibitors this year, as fhe ompetition
was open to users of Guy Cam

ball's pasteurized milk. These wate
Dcris May, doughter of Mrs. Charles
Burkhart; Wilson, soi of Mrs. Earl
Brush, and Jambs, son of Mrs, Ed:
Mahon, H. J. Micklo and W. A. Mc
Cormick, both heavyweights whose
running days are past, were, pressed
in as judges and after considering
the good points'of. the babjes from
the various angles awarded the first
prize to Mrs. Brush's boy, and second

prize to Mrs. Purkhart's girl.

—_———
; Tg

ing Co.

Oxo-Acetyline and Electric

Broken ach
14 boy 252

is Welded

Ex

* | morning to the R. C. church, wheré

Welding
Farm Machinery, Automobile Mr. Bustier w

by the Rev. Arghur Carlisle, on Satur-| BACON, by the piece 3 = Z

day afternoon at 2 o'clock. The bride | of

was in a large glass | VOre a navy blue suit with hat to match | of

|and worg a corsage bouquet of white | of : E
rodes and ferns,"“and was attended by d : \ :
her sister, Miss Grace Collison, who a F ig ’
4lso wore a blue suit and a corgage LADIES HOSE; Mercerized, Regular 33¢...0.
bouquet of pink roses and ferns The is ;
| groom was attended: by Arthur Col 7 iy ‘ ‘
iison, Drotger of the bride.» The ® ~y .

zroom’s gift to the bride was:a set of r r  §
black furs; tothe bridesmaid, « gold ene a e chan Ld 2
of gold cuff links. {The happy couple ; Sododotodiotogodeteee pees footer ;
{left same evening Yor Niagara Falls 2 iy 3
and - Buffalo, and upon: their return ie ;
‘they will ‘reside on-Fulton avenue, De-

{ trait. 2. 4

Gilbert Bastien, a lifelong resident
vo the Iake road, passed away at his z=
life fn Amherstburg Wednesday. ‘of
last woaR. in the 66th year of his age. 5 5
He lad bsen ailing for a number of ||
years With gpinal trouble which baf-
fled his family physician and the spec
ialists With %hom he consulted. Ten
months ago the malady -took a bad
turn, and 3 lo was unable to operate
his farm, he sud it and moved to-Am-
herstburg the Miter part of May, but
even rest dif not improve Lis condi-
.| tion. “The fweral was held on Friday

 

TAL 3
THE LAST WEEK OF THE GREAT :

Do not let next week pass without sharing in the 20
“to 40% savings on FURS at La ntaine's, Windsor.
Prices will fe advanced after next week owing {0 (8
advance in the price of skins. rie Ag

or Ryan sang requfe: aE 3 rE u g
ET os . E00 Io Ls. Seietory Select from our stock of SUBE

the palibearees being Villiam Sutts, ‘lection of Persian Lamb, Hudson
Sable, Mink, and Foxes In all

’{ Demns Langlois and. Charles Mickle. 2
a son of the late shades. A deposit will secure same, and

Ok

1 and wns born on the
living, two liroth ad hs i wy 2 mi gl nr
EL urice, of bonis, of Ander rte - -
“Mrs. Joby Lucien, of Windsor, and | 4+ Re-dyed, Cleaned, Repaired F
i t Amb ¢ 2, Tie
is ay f Amberschure | atest Parisian and New Yor t
: ile and | 4 Estim

, four [ofs & Sealskin, i

 
