 
  
 

  

EE SUS SM Ar TR RW IS SWS a
a EE a a SE ME ME NE WE RENEE NE REE SERENE MRE ERE He SRAM NN (5

=

CRSP PI CTI SPUR CISPR RICE SPIT SSPE SOM PIPES SE AONE SES XC ME URE 06 M0 WCE 1 AME BE BY SSS $F 6K SH S505 SH SSH SE EE ERS

    
 
     

  

  

oo sidewalk built, sewer or water connections put in or repaired or anything along that line? Just call us

ER a BE aa ee a 2 a RR AI Je Me SU ES

    

 

Barret's Everjet

Wis, far A lustrous black carbon Pro-

    
 
   
        

tective Paint. The most inex-
E29. pensive high rade paint on the
market for wl, metal or ex-
posed surface. :

 
      
  
  

 
   
  
  
  
   
   
   

 

 
  
   
 
 
      
  

yoom finfihed (none of many

pet Jon fiehed bn na if many ¢ Roofing Time [Z==

Boaun walls and celltngs,

   

\
Now is the time to [RINIS
look over your roofs. |

If they need renewing,
use Barrett's Everlastic

“Rubber” Roofing.

Barrett's Everlastic is the
ideal roofing for any steep-
roofed building.

We have a full line of Cement Block and
Brick made from Pt Edward sand and- 33
Rogers’ cement. Every block guaranteed

Gomette pL and made not fo exceed 4 paris sand to
EVERLASTIC roofs, metal or wood troughs. 1 cement. pe %

  

DEAVER. BOARD

takes the place of lath, plaster
and wall-paper for the walls and

ceilings of every type of building,
new or remodeled.

Barrett's Elastigum

Is a tough elastic cement for re-

ROOFING Jims mmm «per
= manent repair. Can be used on
will save you many dollars ; r

in the future. 7

 

CEMENT FIELD TILE

All Sizes. Every Tile Guaranteed.

ONTARIO AGRICU LTURAL COLLEGE.
Guelph, February 24th, 1919.

It costs less; is more quickly and easily put up; is. |
_ durable, sanitary and artistic.

It will not crack, chip or deteriorate with age; it [if

deadens sound, keeps out heat and cold, retards fire,
and withstands strain or vibration.

Made entirely of selected woods, reduced to fibrous

form and pressed into panels of uniform thickn ith
handsome pebbled surface, hs

i prepared roofing, metal, wood,

For over half a century

Barrett's Roofings have
been known all over the

world for their high quality.
The name “Barrett” is your i ————
astes, We carry a full

in one-, two- and three-

glass, canvas, masonry, ete

oferiesteirelcdoriesfecdrnosfeionfocfertrafesfecfenfesfoctocfests
rhrofesfeniesioireloedreieciecdesdeatentoctosfonforfentoctoafenfoniertosfenfosfoctosfosfuntectesfofenfertectestunte

Messrs, Pettypleces Limited,

ly. il d i
ply; $iNails and cement in Amherstburg, Ontarjo.

EE Barref's Tarved, {ile

Sixers |= and Dry Grey Sheeting

Always in stock.

REESE SRS

Gentlemen, —We applied the breaking test to the two samples of tjle sent up by you
some tinne ago and would like to'report that {t requires a pressure of between 850 and
900 pourids to break reach of them. The strength of the two tile sent us are very much
alike. “hey compare very favorably with tile sent us by other firms.

We furnish all convenient sizes for every pur.
pose, with full directions for application. Can
- also supply small quantities for making many 7
useful and decorative household articles,

   

In wegard to the sample of sand sent us. I would like to say that this is first-class
material. The results of the experiments made in this regard show us that where we

ERR

 

     

   
    
 

 

GEL IR have Increased the proportion of fine cand in the mixer to over one-half of the total
Ra] APPLY TO & sand. and gravel mixture the tile have become preceptibly weaker. .The ‘sample tile
bt , gent Us are first-class tile and the material is also all that could be desired.
; Fi d Gates L
rm enc! an dWNl rence an I remain yours very truly, or
Fa ’ 3 ¢ SPE n ; i L. G. HEIMPEL.
Gates I hereby certify I did choose the above file out of a large quantity of tile in the 3
I Pattypleces Limited tile yard; and did see the tile shipped referred to ix above letter,
mn om om em and that the same was a fair sample of tile on hand.
> (RARRZEA (Signed) F. E. LARAMIE. y
aT LET :

 
   
   

   

 

  
   

4 fofeoferiefoesnfoefoconfodibfondofesefofestefode fino onto erfededeofenfededesfnfodeofe

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
    

LLLLLLTTTTE A] ; i
IRINA EERRRANNN, ’ | # igs 4
: (AZT TNT . HIGH RIB “4
Sis Gao | ||| Trussed Concrete Stel Co."
Sewer Crock | 4 Rint Products. 4
A full line with from 8 to 36 in. 7 —& Wi 4
Fittings for - SEE SAMPLES 1
ot 3 Sock Township Bridges AGENTS FOR 5
i
Wall oe PAGE WIRE FENCE CO., Walkerville ; IMPERIAL FENCE CO., Torogto Lo
Coping CANADIAN STEEL & WIRE CO., Hamilton. i a
Flue Lining, - all shapes and sizes. Eg Eo 7 DO a
+ Asbestoslate Shingles Rogers Pol tland Cement DANOND MESH lame Es . k: 1
ton he oper on, Sand Manufactured from the Famous St. Maries Rock. ~~ | Cement Floor Hardener, Waterproofing. Le
Linobestos Sheeting i i Metal Lath, = Concrete Re-Inforcing Material, Eo
fo interior nis on Kew Sooo at Quarry. and pone I A Full Fresh Stock Always on Hand. “ Corner-Bedding for Stucco Work. | - 2 :
Hardwall Plaster, Hydrated Lime, Plaster Paris, Hair, Mortar Color, Fire Clay and fi
Brick, Marble Dust, Bulk Lime, White Cement, Gray Wainscotting, Sand and i

‘Gravel. Stucco Gravel, Common Brick, Pressed Brick of all kinds.
What you don't see ask for. "If we haven't got it we will get it.

 

 

 

 

CONTRACTING

Our contracting department is fully equipped for all kinds of work. Do you want a basement éxcavat-

 

ee eae See
Se 5

feonfofosfnfofontofosorfosenfofoenfodoferfod

i s to the laboring men of Amherstburg and vicinity in 1917 approximately $46000;
i tin BE oo. an gee 1919 over $1900 per month. We are asking no bonus or remission of taxes ;
only atair fleld and nofavors and this we think we are entitled to. . ~~ A wii
“Our merchants are reliable, their goods O.K. and prices right ;. our council is the choice of the people ;
our Board of Trade is a Booster's Bunch ; our base ball team the best in the league; our bowling club is: $x
rolling ; our manufacturing industries are (out of sight); . WHY KICK? Throw ‘the hammer away and $x
quit enocking the old Burg. With along pull, a strong pull and a pull altogether, we will get there. 1h

    
 
 
 

     

 

 
 
