  

    
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
    
    
    
   
     
      
     
    
    
     
      
     
  
  
      
     
        
    
         
 

“FALL SUITINGS.

We open our line for the Fall season with much the same feel

 

 

ing of confidence a fellow experiences when he knows he has a good

(hing. So many good things grouped together, that it 1s Impossible

to tell you about them all at onces.

Our new Sulitings are rich--are golng to make people talk— .

We claim them to be the acme ofi perfection. They are worth look-

ing ate

  
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
   
     
   
   
  
    
  
    
     
    
 
    
 
  

 

i

Ld

|
|

al

Su

Ask for a Demonstration!

C. RICHARDSON & SON

HARROW.
- federline

 

 

 

 

ch

SAA Ebb bE 3
I TALK TO YOUR POCKET BOOK !::

 

oe Ask this best friend of yours if buying CHOICE FRESH i
3 GROCERIES, at close prices, isn't the best policy. 4
y x My stocks is not large, so turns over very quickly and +
oe is thus belng constantly replaced by new goods, 100 per I
x cent fresh. You are pound to get shell worn goods in +
- + _ large stores. g i 4
3 . There's a Reason. ed i
+ =
g, 3 HARROW
o 2 ¥ MAC, HALSTEAD 7 GROCER %
fosfofonfosfefosfooforforfolesfoerfostelenioobedertede

bi

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
  
    
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
   
   
   
 
    
  
      
      
   
    
   
  
  
  
   

 

   

 

    
    

 

oa —————
ro -

of Re a :

ia 5 :

lo ae . |] |

: x hoes are: Going RIgner

ha het re i 3 A quiet wedding took place at the
a I ; Baptist parsonage Saturday evening,
(0) — es Ee

bs x Buy now at the old price and save‘from $1.50-to $3.00 a pair. On

be. the 10thy of September our shoe stock will advanea in price. Take ad=

— vantage of the cut price at once. All sizes and styles to choose from.

i: ‘We have in a new supply of Fall Underwear and Sweaters at the

ote
I
of. right price. Call and se@ them,
< Shirts—Collars—Ties—Hose for men.

ol House Dresses—Aprons—Walists ~ 4
i ‘A full line of Staple Grocerjes and“Fresh- Fruit.

ote
* Farmers’ Store

+ A MICHAEL, ~~ pwoncer ~~ mamRow.

 

 

it

a hors® without looking him over thor-
y shouldn't yousbe just as

Be sure. there are no

' You wouldn't b
oughly to be sure he was gound. Wh

careful in gelecting a Fertilizer Drill.
weak points in the Fertilizer Drill you buy that

money. Buy a DEERIN
sac, and be on the safe side. -
90 years 1. H. C. Agent. : ;
 -E. SINASAC

. F . FE ° Lh &

/AARROW.

 

ns

  
     
    
 
 
  
   
      
   
 
   
  

      

      
   
 
  

| —

i TOBACCO STICKS

2,000,000 feet ine quality of lumber now in stock to
Extra good value in HOUSE MATERIAL, BARN

   

 

 

   

    
  

Ww. R. BOYCE & CO.,

THE ECHO IS THE OFFIOIAL PAP

i i SLi 3 i ei fe A

HPP SPR sere
Lyle Richardson is taking in the

_ Harrew Oddfellows cleaned up $230

at their Labor Day celebration.
Tompy Mayhew, of Ridgetown, 18

spending a few days the guest of Ray |

Cleveland | . Clark.
| Mrs. rt Ladd and two children, ES ———————————————
4 olt are ] rarer PORN ars PRTRPRR
ob Datlt fee Visiting ger sister, Ms + . conclude with an entertainment in the

Mac Hilatead.
Mrs. John Wilson was in Kingsville
{Tuesdsy visiting Mrs. George Jasper-
pon anl other friends.

The Sentinel has the agency for the
Journn: News and Windsor Star. Re-

ceived here every evening.
The asual services will be held on

held there on Sunday, October 12th,
Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Wreking, of
Wallaceburg, tie latter being Mrs.
Cunliffe’s sister spent the week-end
at Mr. and Mrs, Cunliffe’s.

There {8 a vey large atendance at
the High school this session, and the
seating accommolation has had to be

increased considerably.
John Wilson and Walter Anderson

were in Chatham' Tuesday attending Sundnd.
Presbytery meating in regards to se: M?. and Mrs. Frank Bell, son Fran-jy
curing a minister for the Harrow

Holy Communion will be administer-
ed in St. Andrews English church at

den, and Mr. and Mrs. R. M. Sinclair
and two children, of Windsor, spent
Sunday with the former's _son, Mr,

Laird, here,

church will meet at the home of. Mrs.
John Wilson, on Tuesday evening,
September 16th. ~All mémbers request-

ed to be present.

on Tuesday of this week for their
home in Medicine Hat after spending
three months with her’ mother, Mrs.

Elizabeth Klle, and other relatives.
revival in this community to provide

bacco leaf. Thomas Jenner and For-|

est Pastorius are both getting up nice
curing barns, while George WA
built a combination tobacco &

barn.

when Walter Richardson; Harrow, was
united in marriage to
|of Detroit, by R

they were atfende

Mr. and Mrs. G
sister, of Windsor. They are honey-

mooning in Michiga
turn will: resjde in Harrow.
tor Methodist | 0f Harrow, mot 17-1 to Wialccr Sun

church, and his Board are arranging
for a six days’ church festival] Sept,

21—26 Inclusi Saturday- for a few days’. visit with
church {anniversary on Sunday,
21st,” which will be in charge of “ths

pastor.

  
 
  
   
  
   
  
    
  
  
 
  
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
 

= speak, and Sergt. John Sh

   
  
  
   
 

may cost you
G: aldo your Fertilizer, from F. E. Sina-

Phone 40

+ ofl fore mowing te

      

 

-

+ Sweater oats

 

m————— - 2 : ' ¢RISP, COOL EVENINGS make us think of themr. If yo i
: haven't wern a Sweater Coat yet, you have miksed something, In ;

TO LOOK OVER OUR FALL STOCK you have: you know the comfort there are in. them, full of 1if and

  

A few minutes of your time when you spring.. Shaped properly, fit properly. ga
are buy ing--- gpl Our stock of Sweater Coats Is always large, including all a
The goods and prices to be the con- and combinations, de
vincing argument. , a

g arg ent We do not exaggerate when we say, that such variety, such

LOWEST PRICES AND BEST AND LATEST STYLES GUARANTEED. quality and such prices are nowhere else assembled. 4 "

Harrow.

   
   

 
 
 
     
    
    
      
 
      
  
    
 
   

 
 
  

OF THE TOWNSHIP OF OOLOHESTER SOUTH.

 
 
  

ER

  
   

Mr. and Mrs. Thos. D. Bondy: re.
turned home Sunday after spending
two weeks in Amherstburg with her
slater, ‘Mrs. L. V. Pillion,

Mr. and Mrs. Forest Pigeon and son
left on Sunday for British Columbia,
to spend two months, On their way
home they will visit his brother, Wm.
Pigeon, at Wainwight, Alta.

A picnic will be held at Central
Grove next Thursday, September 8th.
Prominent political speakers will ap-|
pear on the program. The affair will

Included In the equipment of

THE ROYAL TRAIN

Speeding across Canada with the future
British King, {8 one dozen

PARKER'S £4555 FOUNTAIN PENS

THE KIND WE SELL

THE SENTINEL STORE

ADAMS BLOCK = HARROW.

HARROW.

 
   

Auto Sponges!
~~ :
You must get a sponge lo- wash off your auto. B

A'little sponge off will do a lot of good in
preserving it---and a chamois skin to dry it.

 

on Fair this week.

  

    

 
 

evening.
Charles Clark conducted one of the

first auction sales ofthe season at
the Dr. Williamson farm at Marshfield

Miss Annle Foster is very ill on Tuesday. Everything sold at good
Mrs. J. R. Pollard 1s visiting in the|round prices, and $200 more Was
city for a week. realized than they expected. A
Miss Olive Craig is visiting with] Thomas Herniman, who has been
Mrs. Godfrey Pigeon. . | suffering from the effects of a broken
Miss Barrett, of Windsor, spent the|]imb since last Christmas, Is able to
past week.at Eliza Bell's. be around on crutches, and Dr. Dewar,
Mrs. Thomas Herniman {8 down |who has been attending him. Is well
with an atack of ‘bronchitis, pleased with the progress no is mpk-
Mr. and Mrs. Harry Pigeon motored |ing, and predicts that ho will be able
to London this week, to take in thejtg walk ag well as ever on that limb.
Fair. = lin time.
Wing Bernard and Patrick Pol | There are always some fine exam.

lard wgfe home from the city OVer|ples of greater production cropping up
in the “Banana Belt.” One of the best

e have had to mention is a fifteen
months’ old heifgr belonging to Thos.
Herniman, whick 18 mothering a calf
a week old. Even the animals ag Oak
Ridge are embued with the “Save and
Pyoduce” habit.

The various committees {nterested
in the revision of the Provincial vot-
ers’ list for this township went through
them with the closest scrutiny and the
result was that appeals have bean filed
to add 28 names in Ward 1, 8 in Ward
2, 28 in Ward 3 and 14 in Ward 4. Also
to remove 4 In ‘Ward 2, 7 in ‘Ward 3,
7 in Ward 4, and to correct 11 in
ward 1, 4 in- Ward 2, 5 in Ward 3,
and 53 in Ward 4.

Contractors have the bridge up at
C, Fawdry's corner, and have the ex-
cavation completed for the new coun-
ty system bridge. In the meantime,
trafic Ts directed over a mighty rough
plece of road eact of the 7th conces-
sion to the next turn, The contractor
op this drain owes it! to the township,
{f not to his own reputation, to spread
the dirt more evenly and grade the
road smooth, to prevent possible accl-
dents and suits for demages.

Herbert Ferriss; who lost his barns
by fire last week, is undecided about
rebuilding. Mre. Ferriss’ farm is right

in the heart of the banana belt o
1 inquiries from pros- ofosfestoctosfortestest Sortork

£ HARROW FARMERS’ CO-OPERATIVE, ASSOCIATION

.pective buyers who wish to purchase
10-acre. plots ©
Take this Tip and Buy your Winter ‘Supply of Fuel
: “while it’s available. ~—

 
  
    
  
  
    
 

COLCHESTER SOUTH }

p-greprrmmearee CRE SEL lh
John Birch 18 quite poorly.

We have the best values in these.
- 4 . A OUEgE

E. F,. DARBY, HARROW

DRUGGIST OPTICIAN STATIONERY
NOFARY PUBLIC !

a
JUST ARRIVED

TWO BARRELS OF Tl

OUR SPECIAL BLEND COFFEE §
DIRECT FROM THE OVEN. ~

We grind it daily and it is alyhys fresh.
It's great popularity bears striking testimony of it's goodness.

 
 
 

 

  
   
   
  
    
 
  
  
       
  
  
   
  
    
      
   
      
      
     
   
  
           

  

nday. Anniversary services will be

   
  
      
  
    
  
   
   
    
  
   
 

 

   
  
  
 

HH

1
I

4
¥

  

    
    

cis and friends spent Sunday at’ the

Bell farm.
Mrs, Thomas Craig and sister, Mrsé

Ed. Karsell, ot Toledo, are visiting
their brother, Sylvester McLean, at

Niagara.

Mr, and Mrs. Jason Snider, Mr. and
Mrs. Ross Hernlman spent Saturday on
Bois Blanc.

Miss Sophia Craig, of Bothwell, is
holidaying for a month at her uncle's,
Fred, Clark's.

Oxley W. M. S, will meet at tha
home of Frank Butler, on 1hursday,

September 18th.
Mrs, Harry. Martin and dnughtar

Frances, of Oxley, are spending a week

in Amhers!bars.

Mr. and Mrs. Frank Stocktord, of
Amherstburg, and Mr. and Mrs. Ford,
of Sandwich, epent Sunday at Dan
Ulch’s,

The trustees of S. S. No. 11, Mat-
thews Settlement, have not yet been
able to procure a. teacher, and the
school Is closed. bo
The Misses Gertrude and Olive Brun-
or have returned home after a two
weeks® Visit with relatives (n Leaming-
ton and Staples. = s

William Wright issellingitwo lots in
the Iler Settlemenits'to Frank Toffle-
mire, on which ‘the latter expects to

Miss Alta Bryiat, eregt cottnges. =~ << T iy,
2! John Readman and wife dnd How-

ay, Thomas Frearss
d by his mother and | 2rd Remnno and wife motored to West)
. Matthews, and his Lorne Sunday, ‘and’spent the diy at]
Wesley Brooker's.
Mr, and Mrs. Joseph Mellanby ana
Thomas Hernlman, Ja nes’ Brown, ST.

  
  

urch.

   
  
      

am. next Sunday, and the usual
rvice will be held in the lake church

730° pum.
Mr. and Mrs. T. E. Laird, of Dres-

 
    
 
     
  
   
    
  
   
  
     
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
    
   
  
    
   
   
   
   
     
     
  
  
   
    

      
   
 

  
   
   
  
  
  
   
 

  
  
  
  
 
   
 
 

The Lddles’ Ald of the Presbyterian

  
  
  
   
  
    
  

   
 
  
   
  
  

Mrs, H. S. Patton and son Jack left

   
   
 
  
  

There is quite a noticeable building

     
    
      
    
  
 
  
  
 

  

which to house the to

 
  
   
 
 

nildings in

       
  
  
    
  
  
    
   
    
   
    
  
    
  
   
   
      
 
 
 
 

      
  
   
 
    
 
 
 
  
 
   
  
      
   
     
    
         
         
         

ters has

d straw ‘ ; ' a “ie a
“Home of Good Eats” p HARROW Phones .. I

   
   

 

 

 

 

   
     

   
    
 
  
  

      

 
 
 
  

tion of early vegetables,
which is fast grows to be an.import-
ant industry in this township: The
prices offered. for land in gmall blocks
arerso attractive that most any owner
will sell under the circumstances.
Walter Atkin sold*his farm he has
been advertising in The Echo to J. J.
Kennedy; of Gosfleld South, for $16,
000. This is one of the finest places
{n the township and the prices very
reasonable compared with what
smaller farms are bringing. Mr: Atkin
has purchased John Vincent's place in
Harrow and” will move {0 the village
aften the Naw Year. Mr. Kennedy

  

   
  
   
   
  
      
  
 
  
  
 
 
   

the cultiva

  
  
  

 

    
   
   
   
   
   
 

We are in the market for WHEAT.
xcellent- Chop, Bran, Tankage, Guaranteed Flour,
Calf Meal, Binder Twine, &c. on hand.

hen your Hogs are ready, please phone us early in the week

£®~ Highest Prices for EGGS #

vd. HEATON] L. W. MURRAY -
takes possession of his new place pext Telephone, 74 HARROW ONT.
who

March, Gore Atkin end tamlly, DA) ufos ferfoofefesfilorionforect : : ;
have, been lying with nis father, will —_———————————
return to their place fn Malden. — >
° ° %
Read This List!
i gd A ’

Harvesting of the immense crop of
Then See Me for Prices:

tgbacco in this township is going along |
Columbia Griafonolas All I..H. C. Implements

without interruption, except fof & few

hours after the rain Wednesday morps|
Gerard Heintzman Pianos. Tractors a specialty
Doherty Organs Also Tractor Disc Harrow

fog. Growers are now speculating on
the price that will be paid, as upon
Singer, Williams, Raymond and White Chatham Wagons
Sewing Machines © | Wm. Gray Sons’ Buggies

   

n, ind onjtheir re-

=1

Rev. OC. R/Durrant, pas

  
  
 
 
  
     
  
       
    
   
   
     

day and spent the da’.
Mr. Bentz, of Cléveland, came over

 

   

   
  
   
  
  

=

  

ve, beginning with the

the | Will Hiltons’, and to superintend the
gale on the Dr. Willlamson farm,

Mp. and Mrs. Sydney Joanson, of
Hgsex; Mr, and Mra, Wm. Quick and
Mrs, Dan. Valade, ‘of Gesio, spent
Thursday last at Thomas Herniman'st
Labor Day visitors at H. B. Quick's,
Oxley, were: Mr. and. Mrs. Verne
Quick; Mrs. Loweke and three sons,
George, Aaron and Roland, of Detrol.
Mr. and Mrs. JW. Roll and daugh-
ter Mary, Miss Elizabeth Snively.
Clarence and Walter Hilton attended
Li Michigan State Fair last ‘Wedneg-
ny. i
George Waters continues in a very

{elds, of the |naatisfactory state of health. He Is
Original Princess Pats, will sing. Fri- Keeping his bed in the hope that abso-
lute gest will the sooner restore him to

day night the pastor will give his not-

od Illugkrated travelogue on “Sails, | M18 ald time vigor. ys

: ivid| Albert Bede, his father, George
hore will| Bede, nd sister Bliza, of ‘Arner, and

Skates and Shoestiogs. being 8 V

story of Newfoun land.
ot Mr. and (rs, Peter ~ Fox, of Olinda,
motored 15 Wetford and Rodney on

be other music
Saturddy.. intening to apend two days

arybody should ow a
particulars:
series. See big ills for Satirdny ening to spend

  
   
    
    
    
   

 

“Monday evening, Rev, J. W.
Hibbert, of Essex, will speak on “Did
You Find Him? No, He Found Ae,"
and the Essex male quartet will sing.
Tuesday the Choral Society will give
their concert, assisted by Miss Jean:
ete Ives, violinist, and Miss Wray,
elocutionist, both of Detroit. Wednes-
day ‘night, Rev.’ J. E. J. Millyard, ‘of
Kingsville, will speak on: #Will There
pe Any Rich Men in Heaven,” and the
solojst in the evening will be Guy
Brown, of that town. Thursday night
Rev. H. W. Crews, M.A, B.D, will

     
    
    
     
   
  
    

  
   
 
    
    
     
   

      
     
   
  
  
    

   
   
    
   
  
  
    
    
    
      
   

   

   
   
  
      
    
       
 

     
    
  
   
  

  

 

    
     
     

 

  
   
    
    

   
   
   
   
 

 

      
       
      
   
    
     
  
   
  
  
  
  
    
  
 
 
    
  
 
 
  
 
   

   
  

    
      
      
  
   
   
    
 

        
   
    
    
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
    
   
     
      
     
     
   
   
  
  
      
        
 
 

 

      
   
  
     
   
  
   

    
  

this depends their ‘plans for next year.
Charles Clark, local buyer for the

FOR SALE. DelLaval, Lily and Magnet Cream Sep. ~
oiler in good con- arators :

MacDonald. Tobacco Co., has made &
careful survey of the acreage and
SPECIAL PRICES. .

crop, and estimates that there will be
a million pounds in Colchester South,
which other ‘buyers: declare fs‘ very
conservative estimate, Even at that
amount, if the price approaches what

  

1 good Wood Land R
dition x

2 Disc Harrows (used)

Some good sectnd-ha

A few odd lines to clean’ out.
nd Separators and Sewing Machines on hand.

     
    
    
  
     

   
    
   
 
 
  
  
 
   
  

Ce —IET

: The Holyaw Fair Is billed for Tues:

GOSFIELD SOUTH. ; alr 1s billed for Tues: [ipo rowers expect, theres will besa

Dre. Jy end” Woarosiay Octobet 7th and | good” of money: afloat in the “Banana Issuer of Marriage Licenses, ‘

New California. is a prize jist hes been carefully Belt”. within a faw months. ’ » dg > J Ld
Sin EEN JOHN READMAN

 

 

{ss Lillle Sweetman is attending | specials, {nclud
High school in Windsor —Carl Mitchell) Motor he Sling $35 Tom te Ford |i, growing tobacco in Elgin count
and Miss Lucy Kaight. of hia place, | Agia, Secretary, will gladly mall a ow

( and the results are reported: to be fa Ph ;
Sr RE SR el Spi, rod Sh Fn eee Se
. M. ‘Cornwall. this week, bought | rs yars, is reported to have lndividutl : ¥ :
Stop These Headaches !

of last week.
farm near Comber.—Frank Hicks, of|she Hg
fh ne Comber Fra MCRL | i Hwy, Longe Sachs, Gk he tite 2 cmon br ne
oars, from his fatherindaw. IL 'B. Jield or Hd to Mr. Affleck was a
“Why suffer from day to when. 2
properly fitted pair of glasses will
relieve you. Se

Moore's.—MIiss glade Ter, pi
been attending business  collCES n| Webster. This 1s of the nl (
w has a position in thei : ne of the micest| 1a co rafser in Colchester South for
Httle frult and vegetable farms in the | overal years, but he declares his El-
Consult our Optician on FRIDA
September “12th. Si \F
EVES TESTED FREE!

 
    
      
  
  
       
  

 

 
  
 

    
  

   
  
 
    
  
     
   
     
 
     

   
   
 
   
    
  
 

 

  
       
 
      
 
     
  
  

    
  

   

   
    
  
    

‘Windsor, no

Border Cities Star officei—David Peyié

has gone to Thornlie, New OR bo township, and ts prgxiniy 4 pa gin” experiment to excel any he ever
visit friends OF gE er rs: desirable plnce.: « ery Erwie {he cout i the west. This, !
Bernie Bajley an a daughisr, Ber- I) ie Bro. despite the fact 2 This)
or-| On thelr return trip from Niagara |oyy his plants until June 16, which Is

tha, wero. visiting for & fow days t| falls and other points of interest, | conpidered  vory late. Mr. “Affleck 8
2 harvesting hia crop,

    

      

 
 
  
   
 

   

 

Rr mother’s, Miss Alma Pelchran. of Cincinnatt, | 200 olen pad in
Townsen Do “8 — Mla Josephine Snively, of Hamil} whicli tobacco buyers declare will} 5 mmm oe meg
n, O., stopped over for a week's visit | yiiq nim $700 an acre ~ A 6 TA OR a Jeweler dnd
oe 2 i Yi Pol SEEN TRC - - Ey Opti

former's brother, with J. W. Roll and family, and were

pital there. ~~Mr. acompanied home by Miss Elizabeth
Wigle, Mr. and Ars. Snively, who has “baen spending her n PELEE ISLAND. : me ———
, [patches witha baving them cry thar on which He Intends to build

and family spent Sunday with pummer vacation with her sister, Mrs.| o.oo gon | full blas
Fe 2 roshing Is going on in full blast og gne, + spring.

in Leamington—A unique memotRan, =>:
ce was held here Er A quit wedding took place at the [on Middle Island. 4 : ts
a The following names were added to Theodore Porry, i
Mrs, Ward has gone on a visit With|, “pala voters’ list by the Revising|Bondy, cut ig Th ple

 

 

 

    
    
    
     

  
  
  
    

  
  
   

  
     

 

          
   
   
  
       

     

       
    
 
   

 
 

'|{al servi her
honor of the boys who were xia ati, © tor Mr. and DS Ba
[the front, There were fourfeen r . Mrs, . Barritt, hadi 0 Jue on t
turned’ soldiers present, Joa1, LAAN aventienPolods hon oy toe ns spent Sun. {OMcer: William Bradt, Scudder, M.|insido of nine hours, Monde;
4 day in Detroit withofriends. eet. James Duibeury, Seuddarc Ton Porry Is 76 years old.
“There is a great deal of ‘talk on the Hussey NS fsland; * May. Yansoy, ssc 8 Alico and : «

= Arner. 3 3 i | tor andtonly davghton Sg Wik
Stanley Evans and e, of Zk Bay LL, 3

0) . Oak. |i8land about a picture _show starting. :

ry(of 1601 O Ro. of Chatham, E. | poles Island; Byrd Hooper, Scudder; Lovins us or course

Chi el

  
 
  
 

Mr. and Mrs.

   
 

 

   
 
  

 
  
 
 

       
 
 

{tle son have  Joturped to their home » tog ot Joba pla ir TR 1G. Kerr, a
[in Detrelt JA ahha bonds of. matrimony, the Rev. i od on Peloo re on consulting with hin | ny (LL John Be Tidwilh [Ths Pinan
! : radio tu : i 9 THRE pie A y d.1 toes are rip
gud sok John, BL ob [eR nc orf tho sland 1s very (MALESYECMG Aaboney , Potor Mike, | but owing othe
I 3 good, taking everything into. consid: 1 gon, Logan not
Georie Reh, of. 4 4 ~|som, Scudder. |

John and, has |Get to Herbert Behn; Alvi
: a a io Avira. Lidvil Miidrod
