   
  
  
   
  

nd

J
1
ie

 

. Men’s Suits,

MURRAY STREET, -

be drbb eleedededeb ed shefosdorferiorfodecdecfsafuniontietosdosfrafectectosfocfrafustoctesfonfententectofonds

 

= E— - i Se
Anderdon Council. will, at the next meeting, int¥odu
-— By-law to Amend by-law: No.

Saturday, May 31st, [relative 10” the running at large

 

   
  
    
    
   
  

ssessment roll with all mem- [WAYS SFT ;
ent, each member subscribing | Mr. Renaud “gives notice that

1 by Mr. Charette, seconded | Township Treasurer.
naud; that the reeve be chair | Alex. Barrowman made appl

 

 

 

 

 

* J ’te. Kenneth Morris, son of Wm, BY JOHN W. 8. McOULLOUGH, M.D., D.P. O 4
y Mr. Papst, seconded by|_ Moved by Nr. ( harette, seconded by [hadly mangled by being run -over by structed that they can’ be depended Mom ay North, was one of OF THE PROVINCIAL mel Lp EFIUER
that all appems present. | Mrs Bezaire, that the Clerk Be in-y heavy roller. upon to. give. proper service at all [the several local veterans who return- yl
court be®heard and con. |Structed to notify J. J. Newman, C.E. |" A year's savings, amounting to $1.- times, and under all conditions. ‘The [ed from overseas during the past| Loos OD ODODE POCO OOS a
Carried. ; to make ‘an exmwmination and report (750, “were stolen from the trunk of foundation carries the strain and |week. He enlisted with the 99th Bat-
| by Mr? Charette, seconded [OR said proposed work.—Cerriad. Mike Husek, fn Winnipeg, must, ‘therefore, be absolutely solid |talion early in 1916, 'In the following INFANT WELFARE—ARTICLE No. 8
Renaud, that Albert Boussey's | Moved by Mr. Charette, seconded by Becnuse he was dared, Chgs. Leve-| and permanent, 80 as not to permit | August he was transferred to the 19th \ ; . 3. : Hi
it be- confirmed; that F, H. Mr, Renault, that we adjourn till Sat- ron, ‘Weston, aged 14, jumped from a | the fence to SAE, Battalion and spent two years and ORMULA’ for Fourth Mofith:— y
s be assessed as owner of lot |Ufdity, June “5th, at 1 p.m.~Carrled. (bridge and broke his arm The setting of wood posts in ce- |seven mohths in France, during which Cream—sSIx ounces. '
west side of Queen street in |SAVWS“PROHIB, MEASURE | Dr. Shaw, Vancouver, while in a de-| ment as commonly#practiced is not time he had two leaves of absence, Skimmed Milk—Eight ounces,
:, and Mrs, Dent's name be HITS CONSTITUTION |spondent mood, attempted suicide by conducive to the longevity of the | Three times he was wounded and ye- Boiled Water—Eighteen ounces, ;
flruek off as owner of sald lot; that [cutting his throat with a razor, post,*-because a water-tight union |celved treatment 4n the French hos- Sugar of Milk—Four level tablespoonfuls, x
* Cadarette be entered on roll| Tihe prohibition bill was given sec-| Brockville citizens had an opportun- between the. post and the concrete 1s |pitals. He retains a piece’ of Shrap- From this ‘point until the baby is eight months old two ounces of
of lot 8 on Sandwich street |png readling |n the Senate at Ottawa, |ItY to Inspect a German submarine,

20 CANADIAN NEWS.

658,

 

th to be taken as member of | Will, at the next meeting, introduce a |
by-law for the appointment of

"| LATEST INFARM FENCES

MEN OF

AMHERSTBUR

ANDERDON,
MALDEN,
AND THE

’ants, Sweaters,

A Working Shirts and Overalls,
Heavy and Fine Shoes,
le Shirts, Socks, Underwear.
In Fact Everything tor Men.

| Come to the Men's Store

A. JANOWSKY,

 

 

- = - AMHERSTBURG

 

 

plaining of a scarcity of labor

London Board of Education will ex-

he ltend the Public school dental work.

A {gina for the breeding of black foxes.

Owen Sound council his decided to

n leatlon [gtock the Sydenham river with trout.
8 court. —Carried. to have the Brown drain. tleaned out, |

Solomon Turner, of Eugenia, was

 

In Fraserville; “that Wolfgang Feller's |jast weeks, but a constitutional point [Which is proceeding up the lakes.

   
 

1at Rossmond Sinasac be
owner of the S W 44 of
the 6th con’; that Peter Geor-
gif bp icsced as joint tenant with
George Georgiff on the S % of lot-6,

Loy 6 and the N W' i of lot b
Jot th'con,, and the assessment of
fall lots Le confirmed; that the M. C.
rilway's assgssment be confirmed;
that. Pranic Thrashér assessment be

  
  
  
 
  
    
 
   
  
  
   
    
    
  
   
   
 
  
  

   

modities betsween Provinces.

articles of’ tthe growth, produce

   
    

confirmed; that Remie Dupuis be as-imdnufacture of any of the Provinces
sessed as owner of the, N 14 of the Nlghall, from wmd after the union, be |
E% of jor In the Gth con, and the [admitted free. into each of the other
assessment fixed at $960; that Anth- | prowinces,”

eny Nemeth be assessed as owner of
Abe W 14 of the S 14 of the N 3% of lot
18h the 6th con., and ‘A. BR. Lafram-
bolse's name as owner of sald lot be
struck. © that Anthony Nemeth be,
also hn

of lot

 

  

) in the 8th con. and Sam. Pa- [stitution +
quel name be struck off as owner]
of sald lot; that William and Herbert
Gignac be assessed as owner of 10
acres of W pt of lot 39 fn. the 1st

 

 

sidered. »

 

n.;“that Wm," Burns be assessed ae :
owner of 40/800 feet of the s pt of lot $ N THE UP GRADE.
3 In the 1st con., and assessment fix- STILL ON. ;

 

ed at $100, sald amount to be deducted
om Hilufre Glgnac's assessment;
iat Hififre Gignae’s acreage be In-
ereased 10 8 acres, and his assessment
Increaved $50; that Alex. Sinasac, jr.,
and Thomas Laframbolse each have
one dog struck off, and Ernest Toffle-
Wire have one bitch struck off. —Car-
tied

Moved by Mr. Renaud, seconded by
Mr. Bezaire, that the matter of dealing
¥ith the appeal against the” Brunner,
Mond Canada, Limited's assessment
be laid over to the next sittings of the
urt of revislon.—Carried.
1518, when he was transferred to the
2d Canadian Machine Gun section,
Tmalning with same till the armistice
¥as signed, and golng to Germany
With them. Pte. Rupert took part in
the battles of Vimy Ridge. Somme,
Loos, Amiens, Cambrai and other en
Bgements, He was slightly wound-
once, and was buried once, the. in-
Juries received fromthe Jatter. neces-
dlating a sojourn of six months in the
bospital at Glasgow, Scotland. A’ re-
‘plion was given Pte.-Rupert at the
Parental home on the Malden” Road on
Wednesday night when a large num-
ber of celatives and neighbors gath-
0d to give hima warm welcome, An'
ujoyible social time was spent.

Moved by Mr. Renaud, seconded by
I Bezaire, that the court do now
Mjourn 11’ Saturday, June 28th, at
0 am=Carried,

Regular Business.

Council met in regular session with
| members present.
Moved hy Mr; Papst, seconded by

   
    

for a buyer at $2,600. It was sold

 
  
    
    
  
  
 
 
 
    
       
  
   
   
   
 

Platten improved the house, put in

 

$11.500. To-lay
take $20,000 for

 

cation that determines its value,

ville Reporter.

   
  
  
  
    
 
  
  
  
   
 
    
     
 
  
   
    
   
  
    
  

   
  

o
the 4th con,, the North Side Line and
the Middle Side Line; Felix Drouil-
pd, $14, for scraping on North town-
we end $2, filling holes on bth con.;
ster Doligle, ‘$6 and: Frank Dufour
» for scrapingyon North Side Line; shows how important the smal
Tih ooo hetean, $14, for scraping ond §icoiier has become to the
ern: and North Townline and 25|F O00 a
os. for repairing scraper; “It Is quite probable that dur-
ih apy $1175, for scraping op the|d 0 ¢hoge two years $50 Victory

on; Ulysses Vigneux, $14, for|X pos." were taken by nearly
lTaping on the 4th con,; Hector Me- 100,000 people In Canada. ong
roe, $18, for seraping on Middle Side may be sure that vary few O

© and $2 Alling: hole on Middle|X TV ‘vor bought a bond before.

1017, 699,415 $650 Victory
in were alloted to subscrib-

to the Victory Loan and,
' 1918, 612,744 of the same depo
ination were . allotted.

 

    
   
    
    
   
   
   

  

 

   

     

   

Ado line; Everett Giiarétte, $1.60, Te-| 4 ; dition - to —

ring bridge on th. Line
Alter Bondy, for. sheen, Kile
4 Twounacd gi, Tor 3 0 ; Jas. -

Senator Pringle quoted section 121
of the B.NA. Act, which reads: “All

Wine was pmrmitted to be manufac-
tured in Ontario and sold within that
Province, yet, this bill would forbid
its transpertatiom across the boun-
darles of that Prayvince. To him this
u¢d As owner of the.N E 4 |gsemed a direct wiolation of the ‘con-

Senator Ross, of Nova. Scotia, said
that the point wos one of great im-
portance and should be carefully con-

As an indication of the constant rise
fn land values in this district we give
a short history of a twenty-five acre |
farm just east of Kingsville. Twenty- lip
five years ago this plice went begging,

  

G. E. Henderson, of Toronto, who later
sold to-W., J. Platten for $4,000. Mr.

couple of greenhouses and later sold
to Bd. Jackson for $7,600. Mr. Jack-
son kept the place for two or three
years and sold tp John Coghill for

Nr. Coghill wil] not

he Property. Many
ecaple said that Mr, Henderson was
a when he paid $2,600 for it, and
they said the same when Mr, Coghill
bought a little over a year ago, but the
tact remains that last year Mr, Cog-
hill had one crop off the place that
produced him $9,000, or nearly enough
to pay for the purchase price the first
year. It is not) the acreage of land
in this district nor altogether {tg Jo-

fs what it’ will produce when Worked
intelligently and scientifically. —Kings-

     
 

nt for buildings be reduced was rafse:d which will be the subject | Two women, were killed and one
; of Interesiting discussion when the bill |!

reaches. tile committee stage The |burst at the Peerless laundry. Van-
point was .malsed by Senator R. H.
Pringle, of Cobourg, and is that the : :
British’ North America Act provides | Boundy, Cobourg, was burned, destroy:
for unrestricted exchange of com-

badly scalded when a steam mangld

C, | couver.
| A barn and stable belonging to V.

ing twelve head of cattle and five
horses.

James Burréy, of Newfoundland,
was arrested in, Sydney on suspicion
of having set fire «to. five _ different
buildings. Hine

Steve ‘Nornak, Sudbury, a Russfan,

committed suicide by shooting himself
after shaking hands with his wife and
brother.
Because the porters have gone on
strike, the passengers in the C.N.R.
train had to make their beds at
Caperol station.

Two men employed by the Fraser
Companies, Ltd, were drowned when,
‘their boat struck a whirlpool in “the
Madawaska river. y

Eugene N. De-Schelting, a Russjan
djplomat, speaking ut Montreal, said
that there are 62 secret Bolshevist
socleties in Canada. .
“The death sentence {mposed on
Peter Paulenko, for the murder of
+John Onofrychuk, at Lethbridge, was
commuted to life improsinment.

The grand, stand at Sydney trotting
ark collapsed, precipitating fully a
I'thousand” persons to the ground. For-
tunately no person _was seriously hurt.

London police allege that a system-
Ajtjc- attempt to raise one-dollar bills
Ito $10 denomination and pass them

    
     
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
   

or

      
   
   
    
      
  
    

 

   
 

   

  

to

 

   

  

a

  
 
   
     

{that city. >

Hope Township. Council will raise
each year a memorial fund, at the rate
of one mill on the dollar, to assist dis-

   

Wm, Douglas, a returned soldier,
wis buried in Owen Sound with mifll-
tary honors; his son, Corp. Geo. Doug-
las, arrived home the night before he
died. ‘ J
After a short illness, Mra, W, H,
Hoyle, wife of the late Hon W. H.
Hoyle, ex-Speaker of the Ontario Leg-
islature, died In: Torontp on Wednes-
day.

GERMANY REFUSES
: TO SIGN TREATY.

   
     

    
    
   
   
    
    
   
 
 

    
   
     
    
   
   
 

It

  

 

 
     
   
     
   
     

Germany's explanatory letter cover-
ing the exhaustive reply to the Allied
peace terms declares she will not
sign the treaty as offered and names
nine conditions mecessary to secure
hier signature.

Under these conditions Garmany de-
cilia to pay more<than $20,000,000,000
|p gold, preditth “to be pail in 1326

ments wit ‘put Interest. She wants
the world merchant tonnage pooled.

  

      

I. Re {just NI iii | DUE BETEOD to BOE TOE hie for
tead hn a he Sys : BR = the Allies thay they “need,” and would
Moved by Mr. Begaire,.seconded by $50 VICTORY BOND- make huge payments to France and
Alr. Charette, that, Adolph. Monforton HOLDERS. Belgium 2 coal and river steamers.
warrant for $18, for scraping on — Germany 16 willing to put her.coloniea

under the jaggue of Nations If she. is
made an Sup] membér, and. given’ the
mandatoriss, . She would yield Alsace-,

 
   
  
  
   
   
    
 

Lorraine, hut demands a plebiscite | 1ngting the ‘material itself may be, if

Inter! She quotes President Wilson on

     
  
   

 

A ———/ ——————
‘‘Puncijation always recalls to me
|the stor¥of jittle Timothy,” remarked |
a superiitendent of schools in a

Southern California city not long ago.

“The EOV) jon listening
while AE Da B w|

Ih Ther ad
Esai
deciaim? "Thi 1s & warm doughnut,

BRUNNER, MOND.
DO YOU KNOW we carry all of the

best assorted stocks of MENS
WEAR in AMHERSTBURG at ex-
, ceedingly Low Prices. :

of| Meiford manufacturers are com
et a8 a court of revision feattle and sheep on the public high-

| A company has been formed at. Re-

 
 

off on foreigners is being practiced in |

   
   
 
  

abled “goldiers and their dependents: |.

 
    
  
  
   
 
  
 

and the famainder In annual install-|.

  
     
 
 
 
 
  

 
  
  
  
    
   

the p le of self-determination and | the use to whi: o average A | ‘materials and Facil:
refuses hes from her ferpreta- pis ih | =Hition, ho could tara a
tion of Ut principle: © - “= ities, he 0 )

 
 
 

 
 

most substantial union, so that un-
der pressure, the stays forced out of
alignment will spring back when re-
leased. Triple tension curves in the
wire fabric will not be pulled out by
the stretching process, and will allow
for sufficient contraction and expan-
slon. Sound and rigid posts and pro-
per stretching of woven wire fence
aro the first considerations in fence
building. Regardless of the type of
posts, or the height or make of a
wire, the farm which Is fenced
Stock-tight Is a valuable and money
making farm in any section of the
couttry.— Prof, John. Evans, 0. A,
College, Guelph,
eres —

Culthvation and Drainage Pays,

Loosening up a soll by cultivation
Increases the pore apace, and "with
loams, mucks and clays this increnses ,
their power to absorb and retafn’
water while at the same time allow-
Ing more free air space, Dralnage
also makes a soll more porous, there-

by producing the same results,

Coarse sands retain less water when

loose than when compact,

Aer ORE SE

GEORGIA FARMER }
SELLS $3,000 PIG

  
 
 
   

Posts of Wood, Iron or Cement
Can Be Used.

Importint Factors to Be Considered
Are Oost, Durability and Service
—Huw to Lengthen Life of Fence

With Undue Costs,

(Contributed by Ontario Department of
Agricultun. Toronto.)

LESSED Is the farmer who,
conscious in the security of
his fences, ¢canleave home on

a, day's businem, or retire to
rest at night, without anxiety as to
possible depredations committed by
straying eattle, or his avn stock, to
corn, ‘roots, or grain, diring his ab-
sence or rest. Brush, stump, and
dtone fences—relles of bygone days
—can Still be seen here and there,
but are rapidly digappearing, and are
-being replaced with modém up-to-
date woven wire fences that are

 
  
    
 

 

           
  
   
    
 
   
  

  
    
      
   
    
  
  
  

     

         
  

   
  
  
 

G

 

The Shaving Service for Every Man
ts —Everywhere

   

     
 
 

  

 

 
 
 
      
        
     
      
 
         
   
    

 

    

 
 
     
    
     
 
   

 

       
   
   

    
  
  
  
 
 

y BE. Powell Cotter, of Barnesville,
bullt, uot with the {dea of ¢he small- Ga, on Saturday sold his famlus K
est possible 4nltfal cost, but with {yraypsiiire boar,  Cottor's Choice, IT SET
forethought for the future, remem- which won the cahmpionship at the No. 20 :
bering that quality and material as | International show at Chicago some *

    

mon ago, to Mullins & Patrick, of
Cachran, for $3,000. This pig was
rajsed on his farm néar the city of
Barnesville; where he makes a spee-
ialty of fine Hampshires, and has
brought Mr. Cotter {nto - national
prominénce. An hour aftar the deai
wag, closed: Mr. Cotter ragretted ft
and wanted to back down.

 
 

well as the design and construction -
of post fences are elements that de-

termige-1ts life and service,

The prime factors in a fence are
fair cost, durability and service, The
annual up-keep of fences Is consjder-
able, and to the farmer a material
that will do away with the expense
of repairing, replacing, painting, or
other form of maintenance,~should
strongly appeal to him as represent-
ing true economy, almost regardless
of first cost. The opportunity for
economy is found, first, in using the
kind of posts which, taking into ac-
count both cost and durability are
« ['chenpest in the long run. In setting
a post which will have comparative-
ly short lite, he loses not only
through having to buy new posts, but
also because of the additional labor
involved in removing the old and set-
ting the/mew one. There !s, how-
ever, great difference in the lasting
properties of different woods. The
average life of a fence constructed
of wood posts cannot be safely fig-
ured as greater than 8 or 9 years, [than $7 for each child.

For length of service cedar and The Thrift campaign In the schools

EEE ————————————————— g i
The Gillette Safety Razor Co. of Canada, Limited,
white oak outlast. all. other woods,/| of the Dominion will produce 100" fold

Montreal, Canada. 488 i
By treating the posts with creosote, | In results. Every child should be}

coal tar or charing them, the cost |€nrolled in the, War Savings army. $ 4 — fe Spee

 
            

   
   

         

A perfect shaving edge is the daily privilege of the Gillette Shiety

Razor owner.

Few men can hone or strop a razor sharp enough to stop it pull in|
on the neck and around the awkward places. With a Gillette you do
not depend upon your own skill in stropping and honing. —

The perfection of the edges of Gill tte Blades i d b;
highly specialized machinery, id a aint od

The new Kit Set shown above {a most compact especially convenient
when you go away for a holiday or on business,)and enables you to enjoy
the most comfortable shave in a few minutes every morning.

Your jeweler, druggist, or hardware dealer
can show you a variety of Gillette Sets at

$5.00 the set ; =

CANADA. q

   
 
   

 
  
   
   
    

  
 

 
        
   

 
        
  

      
   
   
   
  
     
 
     
  
    
  

   
  
   
  
   
   
 
     
  
   
  
  

  

ret Nf ——————

THRIFT IN- THE SCHOOLS. :

  
   
  
 

In thé dchools of Canada alone the
War Savings campaign is fraught with
great possibilities and already the re-
turns show that splendid progress is
being made, What has been done in
the schools of the United States is a
fair indication of what may be done
the schools of Canada,

In the schools of New York there is
sald to be a little over 750,000 children.
During the period, December, 1917, to
January 31st, 1919, no. less than $5,
446,000. worth of War Savings and
Thrift Stamps were sold in these
schools, which , means "slightly more

 

     
  
   
    
    
   
   
 
     

   
       
  
  
     

     
   
 
     

  
  
  

 

     
 

 

  

  
  
       
    
  
  

of up-keep might be mas Parents should see to this, It will| {EVOL 0090000000¢ Aaa aaa aaa ata e on a”
Se ] gat 4 Bierially discipline the child in thrift, provide

That the end or corner posts bear | With a good investment and hepefit HOW 4 I 'O K P
the country, 3

all the strain, and are the founda-
TILBURY NORTH. ——

 
   
        
       
 
 

   

edge to every experienced fence
builder. They must, be well anchor-

tion of the fence, {8 common knowl-
Al
ed, rigid and strong, and so con-

 

  
  

    
      
 

      

    
               
      
          
        
           
            
          
     
       
          
        

not secured, and ultimately decay
sets in, By far the ‘most effective
way is shown In diagram (Fig. 1).
The post*is first notched as shown
in sketch, and the comerete worked
well Into the notch. This sheds the
water trickling down” the ‘post, and
cannot possibly get between the post
and concrete, and the lite-of ‘the post
Is-‘considerably lengthened:' A' post™
concreted in this way, and kept
painted, is practically immune’ from

   
    

nel taken from.his shoulder as a| skimmed milk should bé added and two ounces less of boiled water used.

slight token of Hupnishness. He was | The sugar of milk in the formula should be reduced one-half teaspoonful ' ,
with the Canadian army of occupation | every three months. : pb

pation and tells of the pleasure ft af- Formula at Eight Months :— 4 3 y
it afforded Canadian boys to compel % Cream—Nine ounces, of : %

the German men fb give.up their seats'|- Skimmed Milk—Twenty-seven ounces. . .

In Germany, and tells of the pleasure Boiled Water—Twelve ounces.
riages to their womenfolk. Pte..Mor-|

ris. states that his health {8 even bet. Sugar of Milk—134 level tablespoontuls, Ty
8. states 8 alt! an bet- y / J
ter. than, formerly and his rugged ap- At this age the foriila may be made trom whole milk as follows: —
pearance endorses lua words. He and Naor DU ounces, Sai " i od
his wife will take up their residence Olle ater—Twelve ounces, / 7 d "2%

   
     
       
      
 
 

)

 
   
       
     
      
          
      
 

         
  
    
     
   
  

       
    
     
     
       
     
 
   

     
    
    
      
  
 
    
  

 

Ph with Pte. Morris: parents Sugar ofMilk—4&% level tablespoonfuls. fs
However, every locall . WALKER VIL From _this point on to thirteen morths the formula may be increased Ke 3
the material used ere WALKERVILLE, by replacing the boiled water with whole milk two ounces each month, At £

  

 

wood, steel and cement are all used.
Thexsupply of farm timber available,
or the prices and condition of the
local market for the other commodi-

 

   
 

  
 
  
 
  
  
   
     
   

" thirteen months the bolled water may be omitted from the formula; one
Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Mitton, Thames: | ounce a week. “Beginning at.the age of eight months the sugar may be
ville, the marriage to take place about |< gradually reduced one tablespoontul gach month, &
itheir only daughter, Alice Louise, to :

William ‘Hayward Shaw, of Walker. At the age of five months or at any time after that, barley, Tn a B

  
 
      
        
   
      

    
  
  

 

   
   

 
 
   
    
    
    

       
     
  
  

    
   
 
  
 
 
 

ties determines largely the fence | J water Is a very good substitute for the bolled ‘water In the formula. A

post used. . One of the most fmport- Wile Blo marriagd to take place thout |. J." indicatink the uses of barley water fs the failure of the baby

ant factor in the construction of steel e ne to gain fn weight. Gain in welght {6 ‘one of the best signs that

posts {i the anchorage.. The end and —W. S. Stamps pay well. the baby is doing well, Another indication for barley water is the appear- .
corner posts and their braces should —Joln the War Savings: army. ance of the baby’s movements. If they are not well digested try the use of pi a
be set in concrete whenever possible, —W. S. Stamps give you a stake in ? barley water. Barley water.is made by mixing two level

as in that way best results and maxi- | Canada. | Barley Wuier  teaspoonfuls of'Robinson’s or Brook's barley flour to enough"

mum efficiency and service will be a

 

 

secured (Fig. 2).

     
    
     

= T a water to make a paste, ndd water to one pint. Bofl for
ofsooofoctosfocfortostonfortecfocfortistoctectoeleifocten | ‘twenty minutes in a double boiler, Strain through two thicknesses of t
cheesecloth, ~ Add enough boiled water up to one pint-to make up for what o

- SE
~ + bag bofled away, - |
ENTRAL fARAGE : Lime Water. This Is added to the formula if the baby spits up its | "a

 

’

    
    

food or if the stools are too fraguent or slightly green in color, If used it
) Ahoild be added in the proportion of one-fifth of cream and skimmed milk.
Amherstburg Ont For example in the formuld for a new-born baby there are four ounces of

] * milk and cream. One-fifth of this is about three-quarters of an ounce. The Tie

. A boiled water should be reduced by this quantity.
STORE YOUR CARS HERE Bolled Water. All water used by the baby should be boiled. In addi

tion to the quantity given in each feoding the baby should have some boiled

 
 
   
 
    
 
 
 
  
 

 

  

 
 
  
 

 

   
  
 
 
   
    
  
       
 

 

    
      
  

the morning and in the later afternoon.

i i ; water a couple of times a day. At first {t may have one-half to three-quarters oN
Lasslin, Oils and Every of an ounce, twice a day. This should be gradually increased until at threa . i
i iret : months he Ig taking four or five ounces a day. Give it before the bath in

 

 

Sugar of Milk, . The best sugar to use is lactose or sugar of milk. i

Malt Sugar. This may be used when the baby does not digest sugar of

milk well, does not gain in weight, or {s constipated.’ It should not be
given If the baby vomits or has loose movements.

Cane Sugar. Cane sugar or ordinary granulated sugsf is often used.
It is cheaper and more convenient and many babjes do well on it, but it is

not go satisfactory as sugar of milk, Changes should not be made except
an the advice of a physician,

Amount at a Feeding. The stomach of a baby is quite small. If too
much food is given or if it is given too often the stomach becomes distended,
[ndigestion is set up, and the baby manifests {ts discomfort by crying’ or
restlessness. At birth the average baby will take with comfort from one
half to one ounce. This amount may be gradually increased at the Tate of
‘an ounce a week up to eight ounces at a feeding. The average amount of
food for a baby to take is one ounce more than he is months old. Big
healthy babies. will take more than small delfeate ones. N

Method of Feeding. Do not prop the bottle up and leave the baby tol
feed itself. Hold it throughout the whole nursing. Occasionally take:it

away to let air into the bottle. Each feeding should be given slowly, taking
twenty or twenty-five minutes. de x ;

: (To Be Continued Next Week) i
GE RE ER A a Si A A A YY

7 4 fAmherstbur

  
 
 

  
   

Repairs Quickly Made,

HARRY KEMP

Phone 195.

 
   
     
    
  

 

   
   
   
  
 
  
 
   
 
 
   
   
   
  
   
    
 
  
 
 

  
  
   
   

Bm

   

LN st Ar

 
     

  
  

  

  
  

       
  
   
 
     
     
  
   
 

    
   
     
  
 
 
    
   
     
    
   
   
   
     

    

   
  

  
  
   
 

g |Bakery'
TRY ALOAF OE OR %
Wholesome Bread. |

FRESH EVERY DAY .

      
 
  
   

 
  
 
 
 
 
   

 

Rama post bly give : “soap maker in the J
cbmplete satisfaction, no matter how | world and gave him ;

 
 
 
  

 
  
  
 
   
 
 
 

it is not strong enough to withstand | walimited scope in

   

out nothing ‘better
for purer for you
Aha

  
    
 
 
  

portioned,
‘and are, th

  

H

tgyer are |
