' D.D, 1
TIONOR Gra ki
ii
extruetion of teat, 4 OF iy
Omen bourse: a.m, to 12; Ly

© Full weight of tea in = J {rifhowi 00 us
every package 5 ext anne ys on

May Be Dijyen Out of the System by

An Incomparable Selection of

FALL SKIRTS
1510 - 5152

Fall's most becoming fashions in separate
skirts present themselves in these two groups.
Of Tricolettes in the gark browns, blue and
grays: of Fall; in smart plaid’ Velours, Satin
and Novelty Silk. Then, too, . well tailored
skirts of serge in navy and blaek. Pocket and
belt arrangements are so clever and diverse
that they clearly show the hand of masterful

designing. Ser

We Accept Canadian Money at Par

~~ BSIEGELG

Ef iching the Blood: wi Loc Tost Onloe, 2

In the days of our fathers and grand:
fathers rhéubayigm was thought to be
the unavoidale penalty of middle lite
and old age. Alunst every elderly per
aon had rheumatism, yg well a8 many
young people. Medical science did not
understand the trouble—did not know
that it was rooted in ths blood. 1t was
thought that rhounitism was the
mere effect of expostse to cold and
damp, and It was trosted with lini:
ments and hot applications, which
sometimes gave temporory relief; but
did not cure the troubls, In those days ND SURGEON
there were thousands of rheumatic : “Toronto nivomity. Ga Graduate
e edich ro 1) . nts Rell lophone 118.¢ 4) ol;
cripples. Now, medical science under: Nowth Tolophosyhone ils. ¥ hd
stands that rheumatisn; is q disease of Telophone. 4 21 1s. ¢ Ban yd
the blood, and that with good, rich — 4
red blood any man or woman of any DR. W. C. DOYLE, Mp, —

W. C. DOYLE; M. ,, C, y

age can defy rheumatism can be cured . 3
g y ONOF gradunts of Wnts, We ME, |

by killing the poison in the blood whic Saves Dich: amas Wantoru Univnijy
causes it. There are many elderly The handiest helper on the farm is a 2 and Burgeons of Ontario, Offi 1a 1 ucla
people who have never felt a twinge of of resldonoe on Tulbot § JAs6teg|

t Btreel, ne,
rheumatism, and many who have con- Home Water System i ry uit pon, i

quered it by simply keeping their 1t means less dally work for the women disensds of women and Surges wiven 33
blood rich and pure. The blood mak- folks and the men folks. Moro time te do

the things that insure biker "FRANKLIN A. HO UGH, Ba,

"ing, blood enriching qualities of Dr. >
Williams’ Pink Pills 18 becoming ev- profits on the farm. S000 now In use. Bea have Le ARRISTER Bolloltor, Notary

A rmer from NOW on. voyan 2 Notary Pub)ye,
ery year.more widely known, and it is east amo ice: Hough Hoey 4
the more general use of these pllls joan, Amherstburg. sa-Monayy,

that has robbed rheumatism of Its ter

rors. At the first sign of poor blood,

which is shown by loss of appetie,

palpitations, dull skin and dim eyes,

protect yourself aginst the. further

ravages of disease by taking Dr. Wil-
— | liams’~Pink Pills. * They have cured
thousands of people—if you give them
a fair trial they will mot disappoint
you.

You can get these pills through any
dealer in medicine or by mall at 60
cents a box or six boxes for $2.50 from
The Dr. Willlams’ Medicine Co,
Brockville, Ont.

TOWN OF ESSEX.

Mrs, J. Wortley has sold her 1S.
acre farm on the North Townline of
Gosfield North, east of Essex, to 3r.
Trudell, of Chatham, for $2,250,

A. Croteau, who has been laid up |. : ;
with typhoid fever for the past eight , ff
weeks, Is recovering micedy, and is | \ J
able to be‘out. His little son Keith, is
now fll with the sume disease. 2

The death of Mrs, Alfred Henderson,
of Perry, near W 1d, occurred on
Sunday last, the neral taking place
on Tuesday. D d was an aunt
of Mrs. Wm, L of Essex. Her
son is chief detec e in the T. Eaton
Co. Store, in Taronito.

Alfred, son of 1L.. W. Allison, who
underwent an, operation at Toronto,
on Tuesday of lusit week, is making
very satisfactory progress, and has
been brought to lhis home here and
later returned to Toronto for further

HYBICIAN AND 8 y
F Toronto University, Leon .

Fl and Surgeons, Ontario, ue
erating, treet, opposite Tawn gut

Sy
. BH, ABBOTT, up, _

HYSICIAN AND SURGEON gr
Peon suo: Kingnion! iad

Burge:
at residence, Corner Harlin yan

Dalhounl :
ly Aree (Opposite Watergopd

DR, o Be : J
nL E. STEWAR ’ J

 

Plenty
Fresh
Running
Water

FRED. H. A. DAVIS. —
ARRISTER, 5, 4 ADaTs,

VOYRNOOF. &o. O) ¢, Cog,
Amborsiburs.’ fo. Oilce. Ramuy. Hiroet

BARTLET & BAKTLET,

ARRISTERS, Bolicitors, &:
BA 5aVia Block, Windsor. *Siomees a a
ALEX. R. BANTLET, BA on
WALTER G. BANTLET, TIA. LLY,

Go, A. Unquuarr, B.A. Lik:

RODD, WIGLE & McHUGH,

ARRISTERS, BOLIOITORS, ETO.
Rodd, B.A.,'L LB. Conniy torn
torney and Clerk of the Penen for the County

of Essex NK. 8. Wigle, H. A. K. Gerald
MeHogh, B. A. ; Rogcoe S. Fes BAS
Offices ;—Tho Canadian Bank of Comragres

Building. Windsor.

DAVIS & HEALY.

ARRISTERS, SOLISTERS,. NOTARIER

Ete. to Loan. Mo ]
Oe Money an Todley flock, ;
Fo. Davis. B. A. A. F. Healy,

JAMES B. McLEOD.

ARRIVTER, SOLICITOR, Efe. i:
Building, Windsor, Ont’ ror eid 4
loan on farm property al lowest current rates:

V4 —
As fresh from ‘the =f FRANK W. WILSON.

package as from ARRISTER, SOLICITOR, Notary Publis 4
a and Conveyancer, (of the Untwrio asd
¢ oven.

British Columbin Bars) Maney to [oan og
[“Cormick’s
M*Cormicks

LE GTON.,

will not take long to clean out
the Marsh onion crop this year as it
is only about half of that of last year.
There Is. the compensation of a good
price. however, 756-pound sacks bring:
ing $8 and 100-pound sacks, which are
growing in favor with the buyer, $4.
Quite a number of carlots have been
shipped
Sheriff Anderson, of Sandwich, re-
vising officer held a revision of the
Provincial voters’ list for Mersea
township in the town hall here Wed-
nesday forenoon. There were only 16
appeals In the whole township and
the revising ‘officer was very compli
mentdry in his remarks regarding the
girl, Residents of the town of Kings-|work of the enumerators.” Seven
cillefare agitating for a High school of | names were added to the list and three
Inithete days of settling up don't their own. Forty-two pupils from that | corrections made,
kick and froth when a bill is present: | town are attending outside HIgh|. [pn the effort to turn out to escape
ed to you. Just pay the man you owe schools of Collegiate “Institutes, be: | being run into by a passing automo:
and let him go and pay his debts, and | sides a junior advanced class which 18 | pfle last Saturday, R. Fairful’s motor
by and by the man “who is owing you i being taught. in te Public sc hool. Har-| hread truck, of this town, turned tur-
will pay up, and the warld will look | row supports a. High school with. ale jn the ditch near Conklin's mill,
brighter and you will be better for smaller attendarce than that, and the | 4th concession of Gosfield South, and
having done your share, two teachers the are getting excel-| was badly wrecked. The truck wag on
_A farmer, who has made careful |lent results, while the “parents haved jts way from Cottam to Kingsville and
observation in the past, predicts that | the benefit ‘of home advanced educa- was driven by Donald Ferguson andi
there will be ve ttle snow next |tion for their children without the ex-| Clarence White, goth young men of
winter. as the yellow bees haye built] pense of sending them away. this town, who were badly’ bruised

 

 

AND COUNTY.
—Seme Ontario weekly newspapers

are increasing their subscription rate |]
10 $2 a year. |  —Misses Catherine Plerce, Helen,

Miss Lucille Casey leaves to-day | Marsh and Norah Golden, graduates
(Friday) to enter ‘upon a course of | of the Amherstburg High school, left
study at “The Pines,” Chathani. on Monday td enter the Provincial

—Beggar—"Mister, I'm in trouble | Normal school at London.
and — Pedestrian—"Don’t bother | ~The Executive of the South Essex
me. I've got a second-hand antomo- Teachers’ Association met at the Pub-
bile, too.” lie school, Essex, on Saturday, to make

—An Oakville strawberry grower | arrangements for the annual Tenchers’
raports his receipts for this Ar’ sociation. The- Association. will be
crop to have reached the remdr kable ald in Essex this year. The execu-
sum of $19,000. |'t ye is asking the Dept. of Education

—Mr. and Mrs. John Padbury, i an change the dates. from Thursday

Miss Belle Calam is visitng

London. =,
—Miss Yvonne Teeter is | visiting It

“hloe Terry, in London.

For Salaby) : J

J. T. WING

Oakdale, Mass, but formerly of Am and Friday of Fair week, to about_.a
herstburg, are receiving congratula- | month Miter.
tions over the- birth of a baby

born September 2nd, 1919.

Farm Property at lowest rites of interest.
OfMce LaBelle Bullding, Corner fiisiis 3
and London Sti, Windsor, Ont, Phone SL

W. A. SMITH, LL. B.

ARRISTER, SOLICITOR, NOTA
 Kingsvillp, Ont. RY.fy

LAIRD & LAIRD.
Pr

 

VINCIAL Lawd Burveyors and County
ungineers,

their nests near the ground this sed- —At the annual meeting of the: On-|ahout the legs.
taflo Sheep Breeders’ Association last
February, thé question of holding flock
competitions was discussed and the
executive given power to work out a
plan and carry it through if thought
advisable. Early in the spring the
rules and regulations were sent to
members of the Association with the
result that thare was a fairly heavy
entry list fn the different counties.
The following is a list of the winners

son. “This, our farmer friend says. is
an unfailing sign, and when the nests
are built high op tree Jimbs there: is
invariably a ‘heavy fall of snow the
following winter.

—D. Kennedy, superintendent of thé
Pssex County House of Refuge at
Leamington, had both hands severely
burned Sunday morning of last week.
One of the female inmates was making
porridge for breakfast when she got

his right
wrist and elbow, one day last week,
while hanging tobacco.
which he was standing broke and he
fell some distance to the floor below.

Miller Wigle, 1st concession, had
arm broken between the

The pole .on

Three baskets of ripe thimbleber-

ries, being tie second crop this year,
were picked by Mrs, Edmund White,
Talbot road east,
last week.

from her garden,
A quantity of green ber-

treatment.

A qulet wedding took place at the
Methodist parsonage on Saturday of
last week when Richard O. Lee, son
of Richard Lee, and Ella Cox, daugh-
ter of Jasper Cox, of Comber, were
united in marrage hy Rev! J. W. Hib-
bert. They’ will ide in Comber.

Major L. C.' Moyer, D.S.0., and Mrs,
Moyer, recently remarned from over-
sens. spent a few dinys the past week
at W. H. Richardsam's, and with other

* Branches ' at

Jersey Cream Sodas

Factory at LONDON, Canada.

Montreal, Ottawa, Hamilton,

Kingston,
Winnipeg, Calgary, Post Arthur, St. John, N.B.

Office, Dunstan Bi 1
I Ee uu Block. sp

J. J. NEWMAN,

IVIL ENGINEER AND ONTARIO LAND
SURVEYOR, Drainage work aspesfally

ming Blok, Windsor, Ont.

CLARK & ATKIN,

ICENSED Auotionoers for Essox Cosafy |
OfMce at Harmw, Onta~‘o,
CHARLES CLARK,

slalre)

GROZGE ATEN)

—

J. SUTTON & SONS

Funeral Directors’

House of quality.
Auto equipment whoo desired. ,

WINDSOR, Ont,

together with the score in.Essex and
Kent ¢ounties: 1, Es A. Patton, Mal
den, 82; 2, F. Gl Brush, Malden, 81; 3,
A. L. Fnlmer, Kingsville. 79; 4, H.
Rawson, Tilbury, 74%; 5, Gordon W.
~_Dr. Oakville Owen, the well-known | Sellars, Malden, 74;:C. A. Brien, Ridge-
Shakespearean cipher exponent, who [tcwn, 74 -
explored the River Wye, England, for TT ee
papers alleged to have been’ written ) ] x
by’ Sir Frangis Bason, and which he KINGSVILEE, LE
sald would prove him to be'the real BT
author of Shakespeare's plays, ap-
peared in court in=Detreolt on Tues-
day to contest a 48-year-old with claim
and saide was ill and in want. He
is a paralytic.
—Romaine Cevitt and
Lilllan Ulch were. quietly

ries still remain on the bushes.

Peter Boefort, an Inmate of the
House of Refuge, aged 69 years, pass
ed away on the 30th ult. from harden-
ing of the arteries, He came from
Essex two and a half years ago, pres
vious tor which he had been in the
employ of the Michigan Central Rall-
way for 44 years, 25 of which he was
engineer of the fast passenger train
sbptween Sti4Thomas and “AWVindsor.
Funeral took plafe Sin. the House of

too close to the stove and her skirt
caught fire. It was while extinguish-
ing- the blaze that Mr. Kennedy re-
cejved the .burng, the inmate esedp-
ing injury.

friends In town, Mrs. Moyer was for-
merly Miss Nellie Fleming, daughter
of Rev. W. M. Fleming, for several
years pastor of the Essex Presbyterian
church.

0. J. Gran recenitly sold his 200-acre
farm at the west silde of the Lown to
the Strauss Land Clorporation, who in
turn sold same to @m firm in Hlinols,
from whom Springer Bros. have rented
ft and will move ithereto from the
farm In the 14th @oncession of col-
Refuge burial on the following Mon: |  hester North, whiwli they have been

day. occupying

 

 

= : = EE ——— Ee ———
Pbpb pdt bbb bt bid MOTHER'S BREAD ddbtdbbid bt ddddbdddd

TRY BRE AD ’ AND MILK : 168 Quollotto Ave.

Phone 535,
One of the greatest dishes in the world, IF you have
good rich milk and NEAL'S MOTHERS BREAD.

+ Cut your bread into inch ‘squares, put in a bowl with
El a A er rs % © tiie of sugar, pouriever boiling milk sud—Presiol—
¢ Monda¥ evening, wheh “Josegin Robert members of the, Lr arn + you have a fine, complete nourishing meal. Try it late
aa Bruner, who has been Fox, of : Mersen township, and Miss aid onal the question. of | ‘some night after working overtime. Adopt it now and
i Clarence See vhs ag Yoon (Shuey Fisits Sue, of Whspian, vary Commnins w salty, Joow, Wo Mavi] iF thenatn placerof o hosyy mest meal The viel gopdusss

of NEAL'S MOTHERS BREAD makes it ideal for bread-

proved, but At will be some time yet] p 4 He FT . op . :
before shé=ls restered to health, Hill Ra bras 2 Eroony yok om and a unanimous call was extended ¢ ide
| attended, Miss Mary L. Malott and; Rev. John Gruy Reid, of Luckhow, and-milk, fine for children, satisfying for grown-ups, good :
I AT ’ 3 re A
for all. - : LEAMINGTON +!

a 2 Zn, af Unige: liny, sold His Miss Keftha Batchelor signed thea: salary of’ $1,500, free manse and | OQ
e and will remove to near West | oo iter as. witnesses. The married | 4 month's holiidays. The call was pre-
Your grocer will deliver you a loaf as soon as you 3| Granite and. Marble Works
say 80. { : ; 2 : AE v
ys : C. A. CULLEN, Propristor, ;

rne, where N Fat ived In ie ; i
Srl Mrs. Batom lived In ber fooyple will ‘engage in fanning in Mer | conted to the (Chatham presbytery at| 9
a as sen township. a meeting at Chatham on. Tuesday. It |
WE INVITE THE TABLE TEST.” Wt for Eo xGTON, OST
Food Will Win the War—Don’t Waste It. * :
¥ |

Mrs William Messecar has rolin-| 4 gnjer wedding took place at the| is ‘expatted tht’ Sr. Reld’ will, accept.

ed to her home here after a montis) y ome of Wilkes Fluelling, Leamington. {4 The death ¢if Mrs. Mary Marin Gil-| ge
Phone 59 WINDSOR 31-37 Salter Av.

t to Jack Mesescar and famiiy, ofl on Monday afternoon, September Sth. | poe occurred iin Detroit on ~ Friday | ws
For sale In Amherstburg at J. H. ‘Lovegrove's, G. T. Florey

Amherstburg. when "Clifford James Hedrick was De »dl was a farmer resi- [IT
Son's, G. F. Glrardin’s, John Grant's and T. J. Harrls'.

+

Monroe Wigle, who went to Dryden
some time ago, is- steadily improving
and gaining in flesh: -

M. G. Brethour has purchased the
Askew property on the south side of
Pearl street west from” Wm. Askew,

rofeededede babi deol

CHAS. LEGGETT

GRADUATE OPTICIAN. &

Nineteon yoars experience, Hundreds ofall
fled patipnta wh Ilying testimoslile
¥ Exolnmive Optioal Bariors, Main 59., Kingerlh

Issuer 'of Marriage Licenses.

hi > ee
High Class monuments o Spaalalty.

Mrz. Mary
married at

the home of Alanson Scratch on Wed-
aerday of last week, by the Rev. Mr,
MiHyard. The happy couple left for
St. ‘Thomas ard “London on
honeymoon: Mr! Devitt, who is a
Kingsville young man, has pany
friends througont South , whom
he has’ met while employed as Hydro
“ponstruction ian. He has given up
Jelectrical -wotk and will d I
self to pastoral is 18 0
extends hearty congratulations
—Grondin - Reunjon,—The, first an-
nual reupion of the J. Ho Grondin fam- |
fly- was held ut the farm home of Mr.
and Mrs. Dan rondin, of Otisville.
Mich. on Sur Monday and, Tues:

their

IHLOW Fhdddbbidbtdddddbtd

Ezho
Phone 275

 

State of Ohlo, City of Toledo,
Lucas County, y + BON
Frank J. Cheney makes oath that he.
is senior partner of the firm of Fi
Cheney & Co., doing business’in the
City of Toledo, County and State afore
said, ond that said firm will pay. the 3
sum of ONE HUNDR! DOLLARS =
for each and every case of Caters &
that cannot be cured by the use of
HALL'S CATARRH CURE. i iy
FRANK J. CHENEY:
.Sworn to before’ me and subscribed J
In my presence, this 6th duy of Decet
ber, A. D. 1886. © © © ¢ PA
(Seal) A. W. GLEASON, Li
Lait Notary Ful
Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken int
nally and acts directly upon the
and mucous surfaces of the. SYSES:
Send for testimonials, free. yor

%.oad

consth

Miss Flossie Rumball underwent an
auesafion 4b Wyre nomial last Week | inp Thd ceremony was performed inf yjpry Marin Stiotts, daughter of MF.
and ds convalescing. the presence of immediate relatives: | and Mrs. W now of Detroit,

Muster Murray Dowler has returned Mt BUN “Ruel MeKenzie being he: Ll Et os
to the liome of his grandmother, Mre | {itnesses. » The ceremony Was [er pi or aki Nii
day ofzlust wee Eighty-five guests William Vic kers, after spending the} ¢oomag by L. WV. Hill. After @n anto | vaarg of age and’ hed been in poor
Were present. Joseph’ Grondin is 77]summer with his aunt, Mrs. Wilson, | rp tffough western Ontarid towns. |hoqith for three months following an
years old and im good - health. He of Toronto. Ei Buffalo and other places of interest} snaration for’ removal of a tumor, Be-
danced, which shows that hé [s quite Isaac Lucas left last week for AMos.| ¢orogs the line, Mr. and Mrs. Hedrick | gjdes her parents: sire is survived by
active: and wo is hig wife, but sje has Ont., to return to his duties as station will reside at Comber a i el are
had the misfortunes of . being "blind. [BEENL, after spendingga month's vaca- Ansther of the old pioneers * of | tour gous I uk  . oe
Mr. Gr fifteen children and | tion with his parents hera. Ho was|afarséh township and a resident of Ee

ant Chas eas, W ; ! Essex; Leslie D., ‘Wellington. Albert
sevent \dchildren, and eight |agcompanied by Chas. Lucas, who Will | {ao mington” for many years in thedand Eva (Mrs, Pr. Purkey), of De

grea 3 dren, all of whom were allow the same vocation as his] or on "op Jesse T Brown, passed troit. The furigral’ was held on Non-
resent excedt onc son. Joseph, of olier, “yo at his home at the corner ofl gsv, w a ew camer
Brea B.C. Tugs of war, danaing and | Albert Green, who has been IVI | Arq iborough street and Victoria ave- ap ris tute ment 7 CGE
games were engaged in. A good time fn. Fort William for some years, has | uo Suturday night, having just pags-|
was enjoyed by all present, and they accepted a position in the Brown & [og his 89th year. He was a native of
wish for many happy returns of the Wigle Woollen Mill here, and 18 eX-Lafargea townsMip and in early life
day. ) pected this wéek with his wife and | armed on gue lnke shore and Talbot
son, Road east, Deceased was a Liberal
A very pretty wedding was solemn-| o¢ {ho gtaumchest kind., He was mar-
{zed by. the Rev. J. H. Haith, of Col-| pied twice, his first wife being Miss
lege Avenue Methodist church. at the | Mary Stewart, Who predeceased him
home of Mr. and Mrs. James W. Shep- | 47 years ago: To-this union five chil-|"
pard, Sprucedale Farm, Woodstock, on "dren were born, four of whom sur-
Tuesday, September 9th, at twelve | Vive: Mrs. Byron Stuire, of Kings-
o'clock, high noan, when their daugh-| gia. Mrs. Alanson Milott. lake shore,
ter, Myrtle Edith, was united in mar | ytargeq; Mrs, George Purnell, of Walk-
ringe to Byron Edgar Broadwelli only | ¢ vile, and Corydon Brown, of Seattle,
son of Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin Broad: | wash. = Decessed’s decond marriage
well, Kingsville. ~ took place in 1874 to: Miss E. Grover,

GOSFIELD NORTH. of “Mergen, who survives. To this

union ome child, a daughter, was
born, Mrs. Herman: Scratch, who re-
glides 4 Orilling- One sister algo sur-
vive# Mrs. SI). Lane, a.former resi-§.3
dot of Leamington, who now resides
st Glendale, Cal.. The funeral ser-
vice was conducted” bys Rev. A. Kind-
or at_the house Monday afternoon. in-
terment following at Lakeview ceume-
tery. y

matried to Miss Bessie Gertrude Fleul- | fant of Essex, ler maiden name being 5
=
+

Shh bbb E44 aYIHE BH

_Sold In Harrow by W. R. Boyce & Co. |
‘and G. Langls & Son." y n MeGragor by Blugist Bros.

Sold for Cash Onlv.

P.S.—Do not waste bread, every ounce is needed.

- \
Bd edie deeded de desde 1 MOTHER'S) BREAD bbe coop oro os bi

PrRPEEEEEEEROE

A

Shh

I

Wash, The Kidseys!

After Bad Colds: or Influenza =

Look to'Kidheys and Bladder!

a Owing to bad |
colds, ovar-eat- |
ing or inteimper=

or to the |

Sfter effects o
I influcnza-—urio |
Nacid and toxins §

 

YEARS

Pinkham’s Vegetable \
Compound. Cottam.

™ . 1. A. Nichols and wife returned to

Oskaloosa, Towa. —*“ For years I Cottam on Monday of last wezk from
simply in misery from a weakness thelr wedding trips and are boarding

v Ss ____ awful pains—and |at Ed. Smith's till they can secure a
nothing seemed to’ | house,—Miss Kathleen Holt has given

A |p her position at W. McClelland’s.
and has accepted a position as clerk

in Robinson's Bros. store, in Leaming-
ton.—J. C. Montgomery and wife;

WHE “CHAM
! PILLS 8

“How often has an‘attack of indigestion interfered. :. |
with your work ar spoiled your pleasurc? Good health
is mostly a matter of sound digestion. Whenever you
are troubled by dyspepsia, flatulence, sour cructationsy
sickeheddache, Biliousncss or constipation, t=l:c Beech-
am’s Pills. They quicl:lyand effectively correct digestive
disturbances, stimulate the supply of gastric juice and

Tone the Stomac

HEATLEY. bo ” }
Misses Emma.and Sadie Neville and! : these Jan
A. W. Cohoe are on a two weeks! Anita, the eleven-yearold daughter. :
motor trip to ,Woodstoek, Brantford, |of Alvin Quick. was taken severely ill
Hamilton and other tern places. || Friday evening of last week with ap-| p
They will return on Saturday.—Chas. || pendicitis, She was taken to the hos- auny oho
Burling and wife celebrated. their || pital at Chatham and underwent an —and: thus
golden wedding at their home on Sat- | operation early Saturday morning. :
urdny last, at which there were a /The appendix was found to be ruptured | AP
number of relatives. Among thobe | und her condition was critical for al g
who attended same were Burns Bur- Tow days. At last reports she was re- ls, Sloe ok
| ling and wife, of Rbyal Oak, Mich. and : covering as well as_could be’expected | geti dag All
Fred. Burling and family, of Leaming- | under the circumstances. Li: 3 of 8
ton.~—Chas, Neville and wife, and Miss| = ‘At Alhambra Presbyterian church, Station the
Osborne started on Monday on their| noronto, the marriage took place on]
auto trip to" St. Peteraburg, Florida, Satirday: September 6th, of Evelyna,| f
| where they will spend the winter. | coingegy [laughter :
{They will go to . Ningars, thence John F.
irongh Now York State to New York | 4 rihy }?
| City, and down tha const By way of] yy

at “here. Eton. IE

A substantial reward will be
he ity: of. Coléhodter

uid

 
