PAGE THREE ~
KEEP OLD TRAVELING BAGS

Saiesmen Almost a Unit in Belief That
} There Is Good Luck in Bat
tered Grips.

Ever notice how worn aod battered
ore travellng men's grips ond bags?
The knight of the road who tells you

| that he “made $5,000 out of commis-
slons alone last year” Is likely to have
# grip that would cause shame even
to n debt-hounded clerk.

The reason? Superstition. It's bad
luck to change traveling bags,

“A traveling man will cling to the

In Men's and Young Men's es

: § stay on it and It will hold together,”
suid a veteran travelidg man. “1 had

2 only two traveling -bags In 25 years
= : ” on the road. You'll often see an old
| salesman with the same grip he start:

| ed out with. He'll have it repaired
and pleced together time after time,
using strings or straps If necessary to
keep it from falling apart.”

Another superstition of the men who
sell goods Is that it Is bad luck to be
the first to sign a hotel register. If a

| traveling man comes in early In the
day and finds nobody ahead of him on
the register he will bang around the
lobby, nervoilsly walting for somebody
to come in and put down his signature
ron that register. Many hotel clerks

The newest weaves, the most attractive patierns, the latest models
--these are the dominant, features of our Fall and {Winter Apparel

Young Men’s Suits New Styles for Men

No young man who values his personal appearance Less extrenie in fashion than the young men's
should fail to see these smart Fall styles. The exten- models, but with the style and dignity that businessmen
sion Sleeve which permits a greater freedom of move- like.” Our new idea of soft, custom-like construction know this trait of thelr patrons and
ment; the straight-up shoulders and higher waist line is a_ great feature. The coats are shaped by tailoring will say: “You can sign later, Mr.
which give a perfect balance, and the flare skirt which ° instead of padding and stiff interlinings. They fit, bet- So-and:So. We'll give you a room and
drapes well over the hips—these are innovations which ter; they wear better; keep shape better. We can fit remembe~ {t till somebody else comes
will meet with faver among the young men at $35, $46, the average man correctly. Prices range $35, $40, $45," | 0.”
$50 and $55. 3 $50, $55 to $65. Few traveling salesmen like to do

| any work on Sunday. It's amother su-
perstition: If one sells a bill of goods
on Sunday, the bellef is, he will lose
a day that week. He won't gain hy «
: : 2 ; It. Either he will find some of his ex-
O v ; | CO / \ S nate will happen.
; 3 They believe, too, In the old adage
4 that a “bad beginning means a good

The style developments in suits which are very marked show in the overcoats. We'll show you some smart ending:
models. Big, warm, comfortable ulsters and motor coats, made from heavyweight duffles and freize; some of them “If. & tanvellug’ Syn starts oot pis
with heavy, all-wool tweed lining adding to the warmth and wearing qualities; also the smart form-fitting and box ~ i un sain DL, i De
gtyles In 1 and heavy cloths; tailoring and trimming in keeping with the quality and style of the gar- ET ryinae et She Bn)

of the first few dnys he will be the
most hopeful and cheerful chap In the
world. Means a big windup.”

pected customers away or his train will

be late or something equally unfortu-

: . will be poor,” sald the Veteran. “And

ments. Priceg range $25, $35, $40, $45, $60-and up to $85. | if he doesn't muke nny sales to spealc-

14908

Sweater Coats

Fine all-wool Sweater Coats and Pullovers, with
V neck, are here in pleasing-assortments. Garments
‘of guaranteed quality only are found.in this lot. Price
$7.50 to $16.

Men’s Wool Hal} Hose

Fine Wool Cashmere Socks, English manufacture;
Woolsey and Jaeger brands, at $1.25 to $1.60 per pair.

Flannelette Pyjamas

Comfy, fleecy Flannelette Pyjamas for the cool
evenings—garments that will give lasting wear and
satisfaction. Price $3.50 to $5.00.

Fine Wool Underwear

Return of the Golf Widow.

During the war the great majority

of golfers who weré ineligible or too
old for military servife gave up their
golf, many because they were preorc-
cupled with work, muny because thelr
golf courses were not kept np. mnny

Hl becanse they had not the moral cour:
il age to appear In public with golf clubs,
Thousands of golf widows were thus
married again to thelr former hus-
bands, and foolishly hoped to live hap-
plly ever afterward, says “T. B.” In
the London -Daily Mail. The remar-
rled golf widows are agnin bereaved.

| Their Jute lamented hushinds have
il once - more departed for the happy
huntinz grounds—of. the little white

A , ball. The -corpbrenl shapes oftheir
x 3 husbands Indeed appear in thelr homes
> to ont and sleep (with ou new heavi- ~
’ :

ness) or: to practice puttingg on the ~

: : oF oR , drnwingaoom carpet dn | froM-bound-
Fine Cape Gloves, ‘uilined, at Gloves at $2.50 to $4.00. Wwentier, But they are only phantom

$2.25 to $4.00. Silk and Mercerized Fabric Gloves, husbujids, Their only mundune inter

Grey “Suede, English make, at ; at $1.50 to $2.50. A ests are (he golf artleles in the daily »
$2.50 to $4.00. : Fine,. Wool Gloves, Dents’ “and papers. Sometimes they! hrinz other

Men's lined Mocha. and Kid Fownes” make, at $2.00 16 $3.00. women's ghost hushonds home to die = ‘

ner, and then they talk golf.
"TORONTO
HAMILTON
LONDON
WINDSOR
WELLAND L €

or CLOTHIERS,
THOMAS BRYDEN, Mer. : CHAIN STORES. 1% SANDWICH ST. EAST

WINDSOR, ONTARIO

tr eroab

Turnbulls’ fine wool Ceetee Underwear, two-piece
$2.75 to $3.25 per garment.

English Worsted Ribbed Socks, at 75c.
All-wool heavy ribbed Socks, in greys and heath-
ers, at 75¢ to $1.25.

Turnbull’s fine wood Ceetee Underwear, two-piece
or- union suits, at $10.00 per suit. Other grades at
$1.50 per garment. :

Pneumatic Milk Tibes,

‘ A : :
; - St. CATHARINES During a court ingpiry into Ge high

i . NT. THOMAS : cost of milk at New York {he sug-

OWEN SOUND "gestion wus “mide; that pnetmatic

4 ETER r tubes, formerly used In the mall serv.

; : PET ER ROROTOY BE | 1ce,-be utilized to distribute milk to

. oh various sections of the city, The use

of the pneumatic: distributor was de-
clared to he far more economical than
the present methods, thus bearing di-
dectly upon the cost of milk, the. sub-
ject of the inquiry. It Is not: the
plan. however, of the persons suggest
ing the idea thatthe milk Is to run:
through the tubes In streams. Ine
| stead carriers of metal are to be em-
ployed to convey under high alr press
ure several bottles of milk at a time.
These carriers are to hold six quart
hotties or ten pint bottles, and tHe ca-
pacity of a tube Is sald to be one car-
; rier every six seconds: .
ofesfoofesfsafecorfoeferteafortoetest “iy
$50 for a Key. -

y 1 > pa . ” =

j THE FARMER CS CIELIP SOUTH. » BL pave of these events |; SRS

ree Se

TIONAL

Demonsration

THE GREATEST INTERNA

Eh)
OF CHATHAM, ONT.

00 farmers will be in atten

de In ration:
» Davie the champion

21

of 25.0 dance.

arm Machines. w.
n horse at work
plows,

It is expected that upwards
Twentieth Century
ind see the tireless
farmers of Canada an

“PROGRAMM
'WED., OCT. 22nd

Power and Fi
weap of the rp
d their horse-drawir

Es
~~ THYRS., OCT. 23rd

{orse-Driwn Plows, TIC qeaotar and Seed Drill:
HomeDriws Flows, Hts Tn
jon and presentation
of prizes.

TUES., OCT. 21st
Tractor and Farm

ing competition.
chinery Demonstration.  pperat ERED

Whaley —Hube Squire has sold his
farm 10" facil Squire anil will move to
Leamington i the near future.—Gor-
don ‘Stockwell hng sold has. valuable
farm. for the handsome, price of $14,
000. Mr. StockWi] gives up posses
sion this Tal¥ and yixpeats to move to
Leamington.—A la§ge number of lady
friends of Mrs. Liywrence Ryall. (nee
Pearl Dresser) €8%p hep a miscellahe-
pug Shomer it the home of her father,
Darfus Dresser, Of Tuesday after
noon., Mrs Bull Wye qe recipient of
a large numberof $41 gble presents.
} Ruthy gn v ;

Hickory nuts, Waliiyig and chestnut
are now being Blhered (nibig lags
and are of. an exlyy good sample. —
The many silos in ihe district are be-
ing filled to the 105 ieh the best grade
of ensilage ever fu in them, —Mr. and
Mrs. Angus Mggharles, who have
been the Euesly of Michigan friends
and relatives fig. two weeks, returned
hero on Tu€igay The “Woodmen of
the World ‘83 making preparations
for, ‘their rst g,n¢s of the season,
which will $953" place in their Hall
here this (Friday) evening’ Th
have a 1Arés piembership and new!
members are heing added. —Everett
Malott, who 1eff harp many. years ago
for Los Angele: al, and opened &
blacksmith busliesy there, fs. one of
our boys who his mada good In. Uncle
Sam's country. His many friends
will be pleased tg jearn that he‘ has
just taken one of Los Angeles’ Tair
daughters for 4 hride.—On Monda

over the

Mrs: Minnie Johnston, of ‘London, wus
relesed on suspended sentencs Thurs
day by Magistrate Alfred Miers at
Windsor, The child will be cargd for
by the Children’s Ald Society.

k feelerined
| : vy nd the Plow Sings, Pleading that she was destitute
a Miss T. Ransom, of Cedar Springs, | when she abindoned her, infant on
; . spent |agt week visiting with Miss E | early Monday morning ih Sandwich. 4

mre "TE

The Canadian Reciprocity” pact of
1911 {8 coming in for rough usage from
Uncle Sam's legislators. In anticipa-
tiog. of a general ultimate revision of
the tarilt, the House at Washington,
Thursday of last week, repealed the
Reciprocity Act which President Taft
made one of his issues in 1911, and
nearly brought about.a disruption of
the ‘Republican par#y.” The United

States passed the so-called Canadian},

Reciprocity Act after President Taft
had toured ithe country and: fought
withy*his party over it, but Chnadd
never accepted It; Sir Wiltrld Laurier
and the Liberal party going dpwn to
defeat when'they went (0 the country
on the measure. ‘A belief axists ani-|
ong Republican leaders that Canada
is now preparing to pass legislation of

acceptance at a time when tha pact}

made in 1911 might work to the dfs-
advantage of commerce and® farmers

‘the United States. . As a mattar of{®

fact ‘most of the provisions of “thw
Reciprocity Treaty. which briefly: em-
braced free trade in the natural. pro-|

ducts of Canada and “Unjleed |
States have been.adcepted by the Bor-

delGovornien], hich rose wd Dow
or ona flag waving campnign In oppo-
sitio to the Pot, and have been en-

lo district met in the |

ove The wi week people from. all

LO.OF. Hall lira and held a real old-

fashioned HaNgst Home supper. The

hall ) Crovded to

our Butcher Shop. and Grocery on Gorg street has! vo
4 A Vancly we pone to F |.

We have al

SOAPS

FOR BREAKFAST
Everyone is pleased with our COFFEES and TEAS.
We invite you to become a user of the

C.

MURRAY ST.

KEMP. brand.

=

C. KEMP |

AMHERSTBURG, ONT.

; | £3 A sign of the times is the advertise |
i | (1 i ment which appeared a few days ago

From Mop Rags to Washboards,

in the Birmingham (Eng.) Post, $50
offered for the key of a house on the
Hagley or Bristol roads. This sort of
inducement has been common enough
fn regard to small house property, but
this Is the first time such an #m-
nouncement has applied to a house In
the more opulent quarter of the city.

Refore the war there were many = =

empty houses on the Hagley and Bris
tol rounds; nnd It seemed as If the old-
time fashionable suburb was losing’
its pre-eminence. And It 18 not mere.
Iy an ephemeral demand. Houses are
willingly taken on’ long leases, very
different from the short terms on
which tenants insisted five years ago.

United States Honey Crop. i
The honey erap of the United States
for 1018 having been pinced By the de-
partment of agriculture at about 25).
000,000 pounds, American Botahist es.
timates that as the nectar of flowers:
does not become honey until worked .
over und partly evaporated the bees
must méve as much a8 150,000 tons of
material to produce this crop. eselu-
sive of the honey eaten by themsvlves,
Of this. produce about one-half Is from

‘the nectar of white clover, with two!

other leguminous plants=nlfeifn
sweet clover—as the mext i

cluding, cotton, “basswood, tulip.
buckwheat, goldenrod and. m
nh NE SX 3

JTCHER SHOP and GROCERY. {E21 mites

 
