I

ad A aN iS

*L ."Dave Warten, of Detroit.

THE ECHO

THE ECHO PRINTING G0., limited

HN A. AULD, A. W. MARSH,
40 President. Sec Treas.

VICTORY LOAN NOTES.

The Brunner, Mond Canada, Limit
ed have subscribed for $100,000 Vie-
tory Bonds. This Is the third year in
succession that the B. AM. has taken

up such a block
awe

premier Drury announces that Man-
ping Doherty, ‘of Peel, would be Min-
ister of Agriculture and Beniah Bow-
man, of Manitoulin, Minister of Lands,
Forests and Mines: in the new Ontario
Government DOW being formed by

hin
ee ei————

The Victory Loan of 1919 enters
the home stretch running strong. The
subscriptions already received exceed

50,000,000, but « much larger sum

aired to insure the continued
of the Dominion. Com-
throughout Canada are doing
well, but each individual

to fresh endeavors. Let
woman and child have as

his “Clean-up Loan”

to carry. Everybody

now buy,
bought before
+ who've always bought

never

5ROHIBITION MEASURES PASS

Senate passed both
bilis of the Gov-
before prorogation of
M The bill to
nperance . Dy
provincial
petition of the

mn the r

( adian

ernment

matter
ligpor “came in
n. An amend-
- Ross, of Mil-
consideration
lie. next session
itived on a vote
second read
2 same divis
moyed the
second Gov
iat {8 known ag
providing that

vember 19 school,
preaching servic 1m.

Read John G extensive -auc-
tion sale Jist In this issue. Sale Wed-
pesday, November, 26th, New Canaan
road

Armistice-Day baby born at 6 a.m,
November 1th, atthe parsonage, Mal-
den: 816 1, girl—Fern Lois Spraeklin.
Congratulations

—Mrs. Henry Cadarette has moved
to the Shanngn place, Brock street,
Amhersthurg, “which she purchased,
and Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Cadaret:

ive taken the homestead.

Car of winter potatoes to “arrive
Thursday, at $1.20 per bushel. Leave
your arders now at D. Barron's wire-
tiouse herstblirg,

the Young
| be held ar
rl Beaet-

wunGay vias 1 if
Deenan, daughter of Ed.
Deneau, and Edmund Pa
of Henry Paquette, both of
township. yA

s*8unday
TY S6&rvi

services

and Sun-

S. of Mald
rgtinined by Mrs. Robert Atkin, Mrs |
Wilburn: and Mrs. Char Beathan.
at home of Mrs. Wilburn Beetham
Wednesday afternoon, November
at 2 o'clock. Special invitation

e ladies to attend
Witers thinks t the “Ban-
Balt” has changed itg location, as
15 been picking enough full grown
s up to this week, to’ fill the
ants of the. table. The bush-
» alt in full bloom gnd would

will be en

1d lengthen oul:

tin, Parks was in Chatham Wed-

lay attending a meeting of a com-
alttes of men'interested in the seed
“or business, and which was selected
for the purpose,of fogpmulating pigns
for the organization of a Co-Operative
Seed Corn Selling Association., An-

or meeting will ba held at the same
| + on_Monday, the 17th, at which
time the nlans now under considera.
tion will be definitely decided upon
and put into practice,

Tie marriage of Misa Grace Col
lison, daughter-of Mr, and Mrs. Sher-
, man - Collison. te George Bullock, of
Windsor, took place at All Saints’
church, Windsor, on Taesday, Novem-
ber 11th, by the Rev. Arthur Carlisle.
They were attended by the bride's
sister .and brother-in-law, Mr and Mrs.
After the
wedding dinner was served to the im-
mediate families, the happy. couple
1eft for, a short honeymoon trip. The
Echo extends congratulations,

A quiet wedding was dolemnized at
the Methodist Parsonage, Amlierst-
burg, Saturday forenoon, by Rev. L.
W. Reid, who united Mrs. Mary J. At
kinson, Malden, amd Professor Wm.
Norris, R.AM., of Southport, England,
fn the bonds of matrimony. Miss
Kate Preston, of Leamington, was
bridesmaid, while Mr, Eichenburg, of
Walkerville, acted in the capacity of
“best man. After the ceremony they

went Mm Nomi: hema. whors a
few of their intimate friends gn

dinner was served. Professor

and bride left ofi.a short honey-

oi)

moon through the Sues. They will grerated LA the Conus

. ap thelr resid alkerville, | ri aver: [i

Pe Seite nll ord a ver fe. ren Jin thereof, and that wherever the words “construction”

' “naomsiruct” or “constructmg” occur in this agreement they shal br
2. In

By-Law No. ——
A BY-LAW to authorize a certain agreement made between The Hydro-Elec-
tric Power Commission of Ontario and the Municipal Corporation of the
Township of Anderdon, and other Municipal Corporations, for the con-

struction, acquisition, equipment and operation of an Electric Railway
under “The Hydro-Electric Railway Act, 1914,” and amendments thereto.

Whereas It Is expedient. thai the Corporation of the Township of Anderdon
and other Municipal Corporations shepld enter into an agreement under “The
Hydro-Electric Rallway Act, 1914.” and amendments thereto, with the Hydro-
Electric Power Commission of Ontario, hereinafter called the Commission,
for the construction, acquisition, equipment and operation of an Electric
Railway {n and through the Municipality of the Township of Anderdon. and’
certain other Municipalities, upon the ‘terms and conditions and subject to
the provisions set forth and contained in the Agreement, set out in this By-
law. and according to the routes set'forth in Schedule “A” 10 the said

Municipality of the Township of Ariderdon.

+ a
the Commission, as provided for in clause 4 hereof, In such amounts. at
such rates of discount or premium, ind on such terms and conditions as the
Commission In {ts sole discretion mall deem to be in the interest of the
railway, the procecds of such debenfyres being used solely for the purposes
herein contained. The amount of {ebentures of each corporation sold or
disposed, of from time to time shall he such proportion as may be fixed by
the Commission of the total amousy of debentures, due regard being given
10 the capital invested, the service rapgered. th comparative revenue derived.
und all other equitable conditions. i

(¢) To make no agreement or grrangement with, and to grant no bonus,
license or other inducement to any ather railway or transportation company
without the writien consent of the Commission;

(d) To keep, observe and perform the covenants, provisos and condli-
ticns set forth in “this agreement intended to be kept and observed and
performed by the corporations, and to execute such further of other
documents and to pags such by-laws as may be requested by the Com-
missfon for the purpose of fully effectuating the objects and intent of this
agreement;

(e) To tarnish a free right of way for the railway and for the power
lines of the Confmission over any property of the corporations upon being
80 requested by the Commission, and ,to execute such conveyance thereof

agreement, Lz agreement with regard thereto as may be. desired by the Commission

And whereas the estimated cost of the work under the sald Agreement
iz $2,100,000.00; and whereas the portion of the cost of the construction,
acquisition and equipment of the line to be borne by the Corporation of the
Municipality of the Township of Anderdon is estimated at $143,536.00. as set
out in Schedule “B" to the said Agreement, subject to adjudtments and
apportionment between the Corporations by the Commission from time to

3, It shall be lawful and the Confmission is hereby authorized to create
or cause to be created an Issue of bonds, and to sell or dispose of the same
on behalf of the corporations. Such bonds to be charged upon and secured
by the raflway, and all the “assets, rights, privileges, revenues, works,
property and effects belonging thereto or held or used in connection with
the railway constructed. acquired, operated and maintained by the Com-

time, as provided by the sald Agreement; | mission under this agreement, and to be for the total amounts mentioned in
p

And whereas the total amount estimated to be required for the main- | $zhedule “B” hereto attached; provided thay the Commission

tenance of the rallway, apart from operating expenses, Is $134.000.00 (the
operating revenue being estimated at $491,000.00), and operation and main-
tenance at $339,000.00.

And whereas the total annual amount estimated to be required for the per
i~d of ten vears immediately following thé date of issue of the Bonds is to be
issued, under the said agreement for interest on the sald Bonds is $96,755.00
and for sinking fund charges is $15,490.00; and for the period of thirty years
following the said ten-year period for interest is $95,765.00 and for sinking
fund is $21,000.00, and for the period of ten years following the said thirty-
year period for interest is $12,550.00 and for sinking fund is $2.610.00.

The Municipal Corporation of the Township of Sandwich East, the Town-
ship of Anderdon of the said annual amounts estimated to be required for
maintenance; sinking fund charges and interest is estimated at $16,967.67
for the first ten years as aforesaid, and for the next following thirty years at
17.1 . and thereafter at $10,188. on the same basis as the portion of
the cost of construction and equipment, as aforesaid, subject to adjustments
and apportionment between the Corporations by the Commission from time

| to time as provided by the sald agreement;

And whereas the amount of the whole rateable nroperty of the Corpor-
«tion according to the last revised Assessment Roll is $1,485.841, and the
amount of the debenture debt of the Corporation is $50,934.26, of which
1elther principal nor interest is in arrears;
And wheras only a portion of the Municipality of the Township of An
derdon, as enumerated In Schedule to the said Agreement, is served br)
said Railway, )

Therefore the Municipal Council of the Corporation of the Township of
Anderdon enacts as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for the Corporation of the Township of Anderdon
4nd the sald Corporation is hergby authorized to enter into the following
\zeement with the Hydro-Electric Power Commission of Ontario and other

,orations, the said agreement being hereby incorporated into and forming
afbart of this By-law, and the'Reeve and Clerk of the Corporation are hereby
uthorized and directed to execute thé sald aerpement unop behalf of this
ration and to attach the seal of the Corporation thereto.

Only those duly qualified property owners in the Township of Anderdon

district enumerated in Schedule of said Agreement shall be en-
10. vote on the By-law, gnd any rate renuired 1o be levied for payment
lebentures or interest thereon shall be ralsed, levied and “collected from

-ateable proverty. in such district only

passed and entered this . day of

AGREEMENT HEREINBEFORE REFERRED TO.
This indenture made the : day ot in
ear Of our Lord, one thousand niné hundred and
Berween
THE tH YDRO-ELECTRIC
nafter called the “Commission”™) of the First, Part,

and

POWER COMMISSION OF ONTARIO

ship of Sandwich West, the Township 8f Anderdon, the Town of Ford City.
the Town of "Walkerville, the Town of Sandwich, the Town of Ojibway, the
Town of Amherstburg, and the City of Windsor, (hereinafter called the “Cor-
porations™) of the Second Part. ' J

Whereas pursuant to the Hydro-Electric Railway Act, 1914, and amend-
ments thereto, the Commission is requested to inquire into, eximine,
investigate and report upon the cost of construction and operation of an
clectric railway or raliways-to be constructed through certain districts in
which the corporations are situated..together with the probable revenue that
vould result from the operation of such raflway or railways;

And whereas the Commission has furnished the corporations with sueh

report showing (1) the total estimated cost. operating revenue and
expenses of the railway or railways, and (2) the proportion of the
capital cost to bd boriic by each of the corporations.as set forth in schedule
*B” attached hereto; i ‘ ;

And whereas on receipt’ off fic. sald report #me, corporafigus’ requested

. Commission to construct, -équip und operate a system of electric rail-
wavs (hereinafter called the railway) over the routes laid down In sehedule
“A” attached leretogupon the terms and conditions and in the manner Tiere-

And whereas the Commission has agreed withe thie corporations on

f of the cdrporations, to construct. equip and operate the rallwaysupon
the terms and conditions and in the mpnner lierein set forth; but upon |
the wxpress conditfons® that the *Commission sill not In any way be liable
by reaSon of any error or omission In any estimates, plans or specifications
‘erany financial or other obligatioMzor loss whatsoever by virtue. of this
agreement or arising out of the performance of the terms thereof;

And wherers the elactors of each of the corporations have
{o bvlaws authorizing tlie corporations to enter into liis agreement with ;
(ie Commission for the construction, equipment and operation of the rail-
way as laidsdown In the sald schedule, subject to the following terms and |
conditions; 2 or

And whereas the Corporations have pach Issued debéhtures for the
amounts selgortit Ml Schedule “B” attached liereto, and have deposited the
sald debentures with the Commission; « \

Now, therefore, this indenture witnesseth :— :

1. In consideration of the premises and of the agreements. of the cor
porations herein contaimed. and subject to they provisions “of the safd vAct
and amendments thereto, tlle Commission agrees with the corporations
respectively: —

(a) To construct. equip and opegate the railway through the districts
:n which the corporations are situate ‘on behalf of the corporations;

(b) To construct and operate the railway over the routes laid down in
ciredule "A"; RB

(¢) To issué bonds, as provided in paragraph Zwof this agreement, io
cover the cost of constructing and equipping the railway; -

(d) To furnish as far as possible first-cla8s modern and standard equip-
ment for use on the railway. to operate this equinment so as to give the best
service and accommodation possible, having regard to thes district served,
the type of construction and equipment adopted and all ‘other equitable con-
aitions, and to exercise
effective operation andsserviee of the raffway consistent with godd manage-
ment; 4 .

(e)% To regulate and fix the fares and rates of toll to be collected by the
rgllway for all classes of servicel :

(f) To utilize the routes and property of the railway forall purpose
from which it {3 possible to obtaln a profit. . -

(zY To combine the property and works ‘of tie railway and ‘he power
iirfes of the Commission where such combination is feasiple and may prove
sconomical to both the railway and the users of the power lines:

th) To permit and obtain ¥nterchange of traffic; with _other taliwavs
whéreveraposaible and profitable; EW.

(i) To supply electric power:or energy for operation of the rauway at
rates consistent with those charged to municipal corporations;

(J) To apportion annually the capital costs and operating expense: of ail
works, apparatus and plant used by the railway in common with the Com:
mission's transmission lines in a fale manner, having ragard to the service
furnished by the expenditure under consideration; “wh

(k) To apply the revenue derived from operalion of the railway and any
other revenue derived from the undertaking to the -payment of operating
expenses (including electrical power), the cost of administration, and annual
charges for interest and sinking fund on fhe money invested, and such other
deductions as are herein provided for; .

“(1) To set aside from any revenue thereafter yoemalning an, annual sum
for the renewal of any works belonging fn whole or In part to the under
taking; '

“ (m) To pay over annually to the corporations, If deemed advisable by
the Commission in the interests of the undertaking, any surplus that may
remain after providing forgthe items above mentioned. The division of
such surplus between the corporations to be fixed by th Commigsion on an
equitable basis, having regard in-the cgse of each corporation to the capital
{nvested, the service rendered, the “comparative ‘benefits derived, and all
other like conditions; y = . : "

(n) ‘To take active steps for the purpose of constructing, equipping and
operating the railway at the earliest-possible date after the execution of
this agreement by the corporations and the deposit of tha debentures as
‘calldl for under clause 2 (b) hereof an i commenca operation of each
section as soon ns possible after its completion; ;

. (0) To make oh extensions to the railway described in schedule “Ay
4s may appear advantageous and profitable from time to time. ?

Provided always that as part of any line of railway to be ahd
fon, the Commission may purchase, lease or obtain
rafkway, electrical railway or street railway

*, “con:
be

a

assented

inejsdin “acquisition,” “acquired,” 2 re” or ;
const tion of the premises and the ar coments, Boral set
of the corporations. for /tself, and not one for the
Commission:— EL ty Ton

‘To bear its sb the

i

110 such corporation in
| and no such dis

(here.
The Municipal,Corporation of the Township of Sandwich East, the Town: of interruption.

| tions that mhy be made by the

all due skill smd.diligenge ‘so a5 to Becure (he most |

may. upon
obtaining the consent as herein defined of the majority of the corporations.
inarease the said“bond Issue by any amount necessary to cover the capital
cost of extending the ratlway, and may also without such consent Increase
the sald bond issue to cover the cost of additional works or equipment of
any kind for use on the railway to an extent not exceeding ten per cent.
(1%) of the bonds issued from time to time. In order to meet and pay
auch bonds and interest as the same becomes due and payable the Com-
mission shall In each year after the expiration of ten years from the, date
of -the issue of the bonds oul of the revenue of the railway after payments
of operating expenses (mcluding electrical power) and the cost of adminis-
tration set aside a sufficient sum to provide a sinking fund for the purpose
of redeeming the same at maturity; Debentures {ssued by the corporations
in complinnee with <lause 2 (b) hereof, shall, to the extent of the par value
"of any bonds outstanding from time to time, be held or disposed of by ‘the
(‘ommissioy in trust for the holders of such bonds as collateral security for
payment thereof. it being understood and agreed .that In the event of any
{ncrepse of the suld bond jssue each corporation shall, upon the request of
the Commission, deposit with the Commisglon additional debentures as
dezoribed fn clause 2 (b) hereof, to be held ‘or disposed of by the Commis-
sion as collateral security for such increase of the said bond issue. and that
any debentures held by the Commission in excess of the par value of the
cutstanding bonds from time to time may be held or disposed of by the
Commission to secure payment of any deficit arising from the operation of
the railway.

4. In the event of the revenue defived from the operation of the under
taking being insufficient in anv year to meet the operatimeg expenses (includ-
ing electrical power), the cosy of administration and whe annual charges
for interest and sinking fund on the bonds, and for tlhe renewal of any
works belonging in whole or in part to the railway, swmch deficit shall be
paid to the Commission by the corporations upon demand .of and in the
proportion” adjusted by the Commission. In the event of the failure of
uny corporation to pay.its share of such a deficit as adjusted by the Com
miesion, it shall be lawful for the Commission in the manner provided
cinuza 2 (b) to dispose of debent g held by the Commissiom as security
for any such deficit. © Any arrears by any corporation shall be interes
the legal rate.

5. Should any corporation fzil to perform any of the obligat
Commission under this agreement, the Commission may, in
other remedies and without notice. discontinue the service of
default untjl the said obligation has b
ontinuanceé'of service shall relieve. the corporat!
‘rom the performance sof the covenants, provisos and “condition
contained,

6. In case

addi

he Commission shall at any time ur times be prevemied from
operating the railway or any part thereof -by sfrike, lockou riot; fire,
invasion, explosion,.Act of God, ortthe King'sienemies. or any otluar cause
reasonably beyond its eontrol, then the ComnMssion shall not be hound: to
operate the railway og such part, thergef during such time; but the cor
parations shall not be relieved from any liability or payment under tiie
agreement, and as soon as the caus@ of such Interruption is removed ‘the
Commission shall, without any delay, continue full operation of the rail

and each of the corporations shall be’ prompt and diligent in doing

thing in its power to remove and overcome any such cause ar canses

7. It shall be lawful for, and the corporations hereby authorize the Com-
mission to unite tlie business of the railway with that of any, other rallway
system operated in whole or In part by the Commission, and to exchange
equipment and operators from one system to the other, propér provision
keing made so that each system shall pay its proportionate shame of the
cust of any equipment used in’ common.

8. If at any time any other municipal corporation aprlies ta the Com:
mission for an extension» of the railway Into its municipality the b/ .
mission shal) notify the applicant and the corporations, in writing, n
time and place to hear all representations that may be made as to the terms
and conditions relating to such proposed extension. If.-on the recommenda.
‘on of the Commission. such extension shall be authorized... without dis
trimination in favor of,the applicant, as to the costgincurred or to be incurred
for or .by reason of any such extension, the Commission may extend the
railway upon #agh terms and conditions as may appear equitible. to ithe
Commission oF . = Ss

No such application for an extension of the railway 4dnto any muni
cipality tlie corporation of whichvis not-a party to, this agreement shall
De. granted if it is estimated by the Commisson that the.cost of service
of the railway to. the corporations parties hereto will be hereby linereased

| and ‘the revenue and® accommodation be injuriously affected, witout the

written fonsent of the majority of tlie corporations parties hereto.

9. The consent of any corporation required under this ageciment shall
jean the consent of the council “of such corporation, such conssn:, heing
in the form of a municipal by-daw duly passed by the council of the
corporation, 4 v

10. The Commission shall. at least-annually, adfst and apportiom: betwacn
t%¢ corporations the cost of construction, equipment, operation, ‘jntere-t,
sinking yfund, and also the cost of renewing the property of the rajlway.

. Every railway and all the works, property and. effects held and used
in connectionstherewith, constructed. acquired, operated and maintained by
the Commission under” this agreement and the said Act shall be” westéd fn
the Commission on behalf of the corporations; but the Commission shall” be
entitled Jor i lien upon the same for all money expended bysthe Co mnijgsion
under this agreement and not repaid.

12. Bach of the corporations. covenants and agrees with the other:

(1) 3To carry out ghe Agreements and provisions? lieréin contained:

(b)” To co-operate by all means in its power at all times with the Com-

fon to create #he most favorable conditions for the carrying out of the

hiects of the agreement and of the said Act. and to increase the revenue
sf the railway and ensure Its success.

13:9 In the event of any difference between the corporations the Com-
misston may, upon application, fix a time and place to hear all Téepregenta-
parties, and the Commission sha¥l adjust
such differences, and such adjustments shall be final. The Commission
<hall have all the ppwers that mav be conferréd upon a commissioner ap-
mointed under the Act Répecting Enquiries Concerning Public Matters
“"“14. This agreement shall continue and extend for a period of fifty years
from the dpte hereof, and at the expiration thereof be subject to renewal,
with the congent of the corporations from time to time for dike periods
of fifty years ,subject-to ‘adjustment. and re-appointment as herein pro.
vided. for the purposes of this agreement as though the terms hereof had
not expired. At the expiration of this agreement the Commission shail
determine and adjust the right€ of the cornorations, having regard: to the
amounts paid or assumed by them respectively under the termssof this agree-
ment. and such ofher considerations "s may appear @quitable to the -Com-
mission and are approved by the Lieutenant-Governor-im Couneil. .

15. It is understood and agreed that the rates imposed for the share, of
the cost to be borne by those municipalities listed In Schedule “C” attached
nereto. shall be infbosed upon the rateahle property set forth respectively in
the sald schedule. 3

16. This agreement shall not come into. effect until it has Been sanctioned
oy the Lieutenant-Governor in Council. 4 :

"In witness whereof the Commission and the Corporations have regpec-
tively affixed their corporate seals and. the hands of their proper officers.

2 . i SCHEDULE “A”.

i Routes. :

¥

TECUMSEH-FORD SECTION: = ¥
Leaving Tecumseh the line runs northerly along side the highway 40

Askin’s Point on Lake St. Clair, where It turns due west along Lesperanee

Wolf's; private right of way is then used to the end of
ou ak then Along the said avenue to the easterly limits of the Town of

Ford CIty. ..

FORD CITY,SECTION: .
From thoreasterly limits of Ford City the line extends along Ottawa Ave-

nue, Strabane and Sandwich Streets to the westerly limita of the municl-

pality. i : : “

WALKERVILLE SECTION: : ie a *
One ling extends along Sandwich Street from the easterly fo the west:

erly limits of the Municipality. A second line extends along Ottawn Street
between Lincoln and Walker Roads. A third line’ extends from the Hux:
Terminal y tracks at Walker, , -mortherly .to Wyandotte Street,
and west on dotte to the Municipal ry between Walkerville and
i Sieger em Nestor one Syd
| Road, Assumption ’ : 4 | 2 ec men-
joned. on § ich Street. . ar AE LA <fhow

x

—————————— EE KE. at.

wr A thira
“Strut. to the

ttawa Ave- | ©

Total amoy,
debentures 1o Is
sued by Tespectiyy
POsit with the Com.

NAME OF MUNICIPAL mission ypc

CORPORATION. oD ae
Township of Shndwich st... f 1 33 &
Township of Sandwich West... nie 200.485
Township of Anderdom......... ae : EPRI
Town of Ford City..... 3 has
Town of Walkerville. i$ 200.945
Town of Sandwich... 200.940
Town of Ojibway.

Town of Amherstburg.

City of Windsor :

Total amount of bonds to be issued mentioned in Clauge 3

Thé Hydro-Electric Power Commission
of Ontario
‘Chairman

Secretary

’ NOTICE.
TAKE NOTICE that the foregoing is a true copy of a propose
of the Corporation of the Township of Anderdon to be subline to 4 Brlaw
of the électors on the sixth day of December, A.D. 1919, between the
af filne o'clock in the forenoon and five o'clock In the afternoon at the 1
lowing places: - Polling Sub-Division Nnmber 1, at the Town Hall. i
Amson Pettyplece as Deputy Returning Officer; Polling Sub-Divisfon Numpe
9. at the school house in School Section Number 4, with A. J. Golden r
Députy: Returning Officer; Polling Sub-Division Number 3, at the schoo by,
ju Public School Section Nnmber 2 & 5, with Francis Monforton ag
Returning Officer; Polling Sub-Divislon Number 4, at John B. Dufour’ r
dence. with Gilbert Jeandoin as Deputy Returning Officer; and that tha =
day of Degember, 1919, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon at Raymond Rocheleay)
residence in the said Municipality, has been fixed for the appointment of ue
sons to attend at the polling places and at the final summing up of the hy
by the Clerk, : ; na 8
And that if the assent of the electors is obtained to the sa
By-law it will b® taken into consideration by the Municipal oy Drones
snid Corporation at a meeting thereof to be held after the expration of o o
gaid Corporation at a meeting thereof to be held after the expiration of oe
month from the date of the first publication of this notice, and that uch frst
lication was made on the fourteenth day of November, A.D, 1514 3
—AT@ further take notice that a tenant who desires to vote upon sajq
oposed By-law must deliver to the Clerk not later than the tenth fay befors
he day appointed for taking the votes a declaration under The Canada Rv.
ence Act that he is a tenant whose lease extends for.the time for hich
the debt or liability is to be created or ingwhich the money -to be rajsed by
the proposed By-law fs payable aor for atAeast twenty-one years and that he
has by the lease covenanted to pay aj Municipal Taxes in respect of the
property of ‘which be is tenant other Ahan local improvement rates.
AA : A. C; MAILLOUX,

Clerk

L116 Votes
the hours

1 house
Deputy

AUCTION Dal
Glrard's extensive auc-l There will be sold by Public Au

Sale Wed- Lat 3, South Malden Road, |
of New Canaan Statton, on

ANDERDON.

Read John
{ion sale list in this issue

nesdyy, - November 26th, New Canaan WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER 26
y thy 1919"

rond. The Tollow I
4 35 as ef ive] ie following: frown Mare
Car of winter potators 10 WFFIVe| vases old, weighing 1600 Ws. lay H

Thursday, at $1.30 per bushel. 2 , 8 years old, welghing 1650 Ib
vour orders mow at D. Barron's ware-| wy Mare, French-Canadian, T iv
house. Amherstburg. yh Ty
” i Pt Percheron, years d a5 ~
Service will be’held at Trinity | Mare Colt, ire 3 Yoh jase LEI
urch en Sunday affernoon. A new | Durham Gows, 8 years old, with calf,
heating apparatus lias been installed | firham Helfer, 3 years” old, with, calf;

Durhan for, 2 ves 1
in Trinity church and the church will| ng i Hoirer, 2 years i, rat py

¥ prin alves;

be comfortable now at all times, Fr Ewes; 5 Buea Lambs; about 500
The banns of Miss Irene Pettyplece | Diishols 1018 good seed: No. 1 Oats; $b
and Maxime’ Helfrich, son of Maurice | Of Net oes No il FA 18
rat 2 hh = a AS [7
Helfrich, were published for the first| Harris Binder, 6-foot cut, with herr a
time in St. John the Baptist RC. bier: 5) astoy- Harms Mower, 5-fool cut;
church, Amherstburg, on Sunday. Nl Doering Land Cultivator;
Mrs. Willlam Grant is proud of her | Massoy-Harris Sweep Rake :neariy new):

apple: peach and pear trees that are | and Tedder; Maaaby fiareis 2-Furrow Plaws

tion at
Hille west

Clyde, 9

rs OM
, 1160 -Ds.; Groy a. 3

JOIN FANS

4, 1-Furrow Walking Plow; Garden \Walk-
time this year, scenting the evening| 2 Wassoyv-Harris Discs;
Lumber Wagon, Zinch tine;
Ha Tooth Drags; “Corn King” Manure Spresd-
Wagon Boxes; Chatham “Banning Mill with
ber 3rd, the contracting parties being
Harness: set Single Hamme Seale, 40
best man was the groom's brother, * ap-gallon  ( »galloh
and bride are living near McGregor, | SNE (Chains; Comsheller; + a
i; Grindstons; 3 Nook Yokes; « Forks;
d here on Friday night. Addresses
and | Goo Stove; 2 Box Stoves: Wash Tub;
Ha
headquarters, © Windsor; Fr. Lolsellésf ©iiiue: Ulwmiitnads Cradle: 5 Lamps; #
Chickens; Shotgun, 12 gauge, and lois of =
West resulted in a good many bonds TERMS—AI sums at or under £10, cash;
1 : anpum off Por cash ou sums citliled 10 9
quarters, Windsor, and thelr salesmen a
Auctionesrs. Proprintor
the magnificent’ church, which, with ue
Later, Fr. Loiselle entertained his
: Farm Stoel ts, &
Following is the resulteof the elec- k, Implements, keg

blogsoming profusely for the. second ink plow; Potato Digger: 3 Shovel Plows:

; 2 Lumber Wagons,
gale and declaring to all passers by| 3-tneh tires; ¢ gp:
that it is apple blossom time In Anders yoni mk Wagan: Land Roller: 2 Spring- =

“ er: “Block Hawk” Corn Planter; “I
A quiet marriage took place in Ny” Corn Cutter, all steel; Hay Take
Windsor on Monday morning. Novem.
¥ ogning or Bagrer. Dair Bob-Sielghs™6. Ditch, Scrap:
4 rs; 9 o Uglies; 2 861s Doub Wi
Forest Brown and Miss Jennie Mac- H J a
Intyre, Both, s tow p. IDS. 6 cords of g Stove Wood;
2 of this township. The pile of Buzz Poles rd:
Riehard Brown, while thie bridesmaid Crocks; gallon Crocks harrow;
was Miss Bella Major. Mr.’ Brown \Y00den Wheelbarrows 12 iarrels;
Chopping Axe; Broad Axe; @ Axes:
Loiselleville. Crowh 2 Hog Crates; # Piilgys: Double
A snappy Vie ' sot] v =
snappy Victory Bond meeting was 2 Manyre Forks: one 011 Can: Melolte
r sparator:  b-gallon Harrel Chard;
were delivered by J. M. Wood TE Eton : Tub
R. W. Savage, of the Victory ’ rides fake: 3 cupboards ji (Case Of:
ge, of the Victory Loan ~3 Taliles; 2 Clothes Hacks: (0 Chairs;
the parish priest, and L. J, LaBrosse, | tes Carpet Rags, call ready sewed; 2
ex-M.P.P. ‘for Quebec. Great enthus- | Ve Iron Pols: pair forse Blankets; 50
fasm waw aroused and a contest staged | other ar
: i or {other articles too numerous to mention.
hetwden -* Anderdon . and, Sandwich Sale 10 bowin at 10 A; Tumeh ab ne =
being sold. a Wer that amount 12 months’ ¢ tt on furs
I ou ra ner me aL nishing approved Joint awtes, or 6 por eant.
credit,
In,both townships were the guests of LLARKE S\ATRIN,
Fr. Lolselle, who conducted them over’
the assistance of his parishioners, he A v
has built during ghe past nine years. UCTION SALE A
guests in his splendid home, where a =o
pleasant half hour was spent.
There will be old by Public Auction 853
Lot 3, McGregor, Réar Road, on
~

tion of officers of the, Arfderdon ‘and
Sandwich West U. F. O., branch 454,
held at the parish haf) Saturday. No-
vember Sth: Willle Pajot, President;
A. J Lajeunesse. Vige-Prezident; : : .

Adolphe Dufour, Sec.-Treas; Seraphim] fle following: 1 Cow, aged 6%
Beaudoin, Ef Dube, Armand Reaure, nals years: di Hom, weet C.nieke
Henry Lounsborough, James Cahill, i Geese; “4 Tharke ET

Albert Torongeau, Directors; Henry p ohe 4" tre and
Lounsborough and Seraphin Beaudoin, | | 1 Doublagtirnens:’ 2 sty Silden
Delegates; Armand Rgaume, sJoseph|

THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 20th, 1919

Riows
Box;

E

Plow: 12Fmrro! ow; 1 Drill; 1 DISGES
corn Planter; 17 0Hay: Mower Gi
Beneteau, Auditors. A meeting of the ‘ ¥ Serapers
U.F.O. will be lield on Saturday, No- Wer for Re a, So
vemher 16th, at § o'clock. mM: sg00 pundled Corn Fodder.
ete sre is meta " 13 AL 1 o'cloek P.M. Lam.
ETIR 3 > . ; Su I THESE be sold as the
IRES FROM PUBLIC 2 Soaring lio Tamm.)
. LIFE. TERMS—AIl sums at or under §10. casi
. a : over that unt 1 months’ credit on fof
nishing approved Joint notes, or seven per
cond, por annum Off for CASH On Sums enc
titled to credit? %
SAM. KNAPP, DELEPIA BEZAINE, 5
Auctioneer. J:
ah PR
AUCTION SALE
- v ES :
hd —OF— 3
| Eo iF = ‘
. | Farm Stock, Implements, E
1 | | a ——
There will be sold hy Public Auction
, On what is Kaw or ms
farm, x ou

announ

 
