   
 
     
 
 

  
  
  
   
 

Christmas In Anglo-Sazon days on
Eoglind was celebrated as the princd
pal festival of the year, the Anglo-Sax-

  
 
  
  
  
     
  

8
Our mother Uwe ip the street ant

on forefathers delighting ln the festivi. toys,
tles of (he holy month, as they called vs . let us see the : i
the mootb of December. At these An’ we forget that it is cold an’ that

our-clothes is thin
An’ think we're mighty’ lucky just
to stand there lookin’ in. i

I times ghe Anglo-Saxon and afterward

she Danish kings of England lived in
OW state and were surrounded with all the
Q
'® great men of thelr kingdom, who were
sumptuovsly entertained, There was
dar na, D also an outfow of generous hospliality
foward the poor.
t Dnrlug the reign of Alfred the Great

oe a In was possed with relation ro
Lo holidays by virtue of which the twelve

y v4 day after the Nativity were sér sjmrt
e for the celebration of the Christmas
i oe festival, [t Is said that bul for Als
\, ; fred’s- strict observance of (he “rll”

 
  
   
 
 

   
  
   
 
   
    
 
   
   
   
     
 

If we could only have onr wish I
guess that we would pray
To have some angel come some
night an’ take that glam
away, .
Av’ it would pay the angel, too, ta
see the mothers smile
If we could play with all those toys ~~
~ for just a little while. :

  

 
 
     
   
 

 

Some day when we are all grown up
an’ rich as we can be,

If Senta Claus would just bring -
things like those in there
to me— ‘ te

An’ for awhile it seems almost as if ~

he really hag, ]
An’ then I ’member that he ain't,

an’, my, it makes me sad!

 

  
  
 
   
 
   
     
 

 

 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
    
    
   
      
    
   
   
   
    
      
   
   
    
     
    
    
 
   
      
    
   
   
   
    
    
   
     
      
     
    
      
    
    
    
    
     
     
    
    
        
    
   
    
      
      
    
    
    
   
    
    
   
    
        
        
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
    

Some day when we are all grown up
ax’ rich as we can be :
We're goin’ to buy a store like that,
an’, when kids come 10.800
The things inside we'll let ’em in to
: help themselves to toys.
Ar’, my, we know what that will

mean to little girls an’ boys!
—James J. Montagne

twelve holy days” he would not have
0 ake Room fo Th ® heen defeated by (he Dunes.
» oe
Ir ei. EAE a
. O
Cl

. ‘An Eskimo Yule
\ ® SEA cuptain on¢e sald thay when
be . ®' A God wai crentlog the world be
I , threw all waste material axide in
m a u teap. und that was Labrador God
; x neverinfended it to be inhubited. maybe.
- ® But it In inhabited, and Info thut woste
o, of lee clad diffs und crags Moruving
misslonarier have penetrated so (hat
0 S dll 0es, 10 in ie | umid the desolation of Labrador Know

4d ®' the Christmas festival Is celebrated.
; As sorvice time draws oigh all, oid
and yonug. the-then on one side, the
i ere0d S, 0C S, I'eSS 00 S,. women on the other. are walling in
eager; expectation. By 4 o'clock it is
Q quite” dark, and the bell Frings. Al
come trooplug In, clad in the best
\ and Flannellette. clothes they can muster. | wuy ull
. for not one will be wanting, nniess
kept at bome by serious illness. Even
those who are ill. If not too sick, will ea

be brought on sleds and carried Into

the church. and those who really cun-

not come weep at home.

3 3 For tbe little children the happlust

part of the service comes Inter. when
each child- receives a lighted cundie

SROHEOROROHOHD
The Wassall Bowl.

Wassall, or. wassail bow), is
ed as of such antiquity that it is pie |
to have been koown to tho ancient:
Britons. For many. centuries it bas °°
been a favorite beverage during Christ-
mas festivities, although, it was calon~, :
lated to cause biliousness. if it did oot =
bave a more immediate disagreeable
effect. Such a mixture onght to have
been intoxicpting. Here is the ‘way
they used to manufacture it. in Oxford: |

Put into a bowl half a plot of Lisbon
sugar; poor on It one plut of ‘warn’
beer; grate a nutmeg and some ginger
Into it; ada four glasses of sherry and
ive additionnl pints of beer: stir It
well; sweeten” It to your taste; let It
stand covered up two or three hours, &
then put, three or four slices of bread,
cut thin and toasted brown, into it.it
and it 1s ft for nse.

PEOFOROIIHOBE

The Christmas Dinner.

Sa
The Christinus dinner of nnuient na
dftion bof cspanded into no AIMUNE iwi ©
possible ‘menl in the corse of cents: | x
ries through ‘the Industry of Innumer-
able writers of suorlous generations,
twwho seem to have, through Ignorance’
2 Jean, attached to this ample meal
dts attendant good cheer a bose .
of disban and beverages and customs
that realily wero intéhded ‘to extend.
throughojut the Christmas :
It 18 tryg that the Cbristmas ae
in England since: the time of’ Jos,
Henry VIL certalnly bas been Y
portant feature of the senson’t piri
tivities. Tt this elegant prince.
who, at bis, Christmas feast, person:
ally broughk to table the boars, bead”

Santas or Santa Claus heads for these
and placed ft before his son, the young =
prince. Ho, made n ceremonial obs

: ee” % we orders’ that sherbscd for the seals of
4 | ber letters, ’
2 | 8-6-8 6-6-6-9 gervance of thias simple feature. | Ho,

[t is not too early to remind our pa- | 1 eo
"|Carol of { Christmas

to the table, ly trumpeters. . alt

 

y symbolizing the light of the world.
[1 ’ Each candle stagdr In a white turnip.
: which bas been wuved from the bard

won harvest wrung from that inbos-
pitable soll. A hole Is cur Into the
turnip and the candle Inserted, so (hut

| it serves as a candlestick. Ip former
years, when deer hunting was more
“0 ay successful, the Esfimos brought the

deer tallow to the mirsionaries: who
made the eapdles out af It. ‘Then uft-
er’ the service the vhildren hind not

a Come with the Crowd and Save 20 Per Cent. DORE {7 sie gummy to ent bn si

brought home unconsumed. But now
“finported candles are nsed, and they
are not fit to eat, so the eblidren bive

» | only the joy of seeing them burn. — Rev.
i Adolf Stecker. Moravian Missionary In
. LLsibrador und ‘Alaska,
\

FEE FE ®

Use Litil= Santas

The - Christmus hose decoritions
should of course. fnvipde plenty of
holly and, Chrltmy 1s greens: “tnd, Af
possible, small’ Suntus should play a
consplevons part Au (he scheme. Va:
per or chbioa-or cloth- whatever they
aré—they should perch over the dourd
or windows, cllug to bolly wreaisy
and ‘hide themselves [n. the boliduy
greens.

The dance orders, should have smal
Santas painted or printed jor pastel
at thelr head. These grders cag
be bought decorated in wmuy Slores,
but any lostess who cam use water | pp
colors could make them -berself, and
one who cannot water: colors can
use the same sort of little: gummed

 

 

 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  

 

  

 

 

establish (ho, custom cannot now “be,
The snow is cold and deep;
; ped into the’ pleasant pages

Whether Hoary VIL was the rst to®
stmas ift| = gi: ; {scertalned./ But the custom, "ohtiin<

trons that there is no Chi 5 : Woollen Underwear. Fe (Den Bors the) wists sg toe
! university. and those who e dip

that i IS appreciated more than = |Caps andScarts for Girls]and Boys, pee is vision Ohrinmas eve | 5 pied 22a TE ui

ea ~ throughoujy Salad is Wore /
‘quarters eve since, |
| custom his been NW at Oxf i

learn B0W. the ceremon; 3

0 Christmas stars, 0 Christmas stars, | og 1n ly part cme
Overcoat S, Before our earnest eyes tury, ee gr Bracsbrides Ball 2

   

Yau write the sweetest tale of earth. | where Geoffrey Crayon was. the =e TE

A Mm UsIC MACHNE ; Sweaters for, Men and a Across the Christmas skies! the bos head was bronght in by.

 

butler, gupported on either side
a fiVeried, gervant bearing a

 

 

- «Heavy Shoes, «. .-.M™ wal drupe dows. 56 Sede ar, [0 Bhar var ho prec
€ A 1ANO, BL Rubbers, | Lege iie RE
IP! © Mackinaws, a LD vriman hell
> Zep FR URNITURE A me EER
: “or : : Comforters, 2 |-amoy Bvet Tusses in. Chueh frardias aug

   

And everything: you' reguirefito keep ‘warm. Do Your Shopping Carly: s
Do dour Chrigtmas shopping early.

t something from Se © |

¥

   
     
    

      

’ Yolt've run Into every year.
Dg your Christman shopping early.
should not procrastinate

Come in OW. selec

laid away. REE Ee
our sto and it wil be, © CHRISTMAS ¢ GIFTS) Ee

from our Catalogue so we| ee

 
