  
   
  
 
 

buy Victory Bonds and assist Canada to fulfil her
debts of honor to her army---

      
    
     
  
 
  
 
 

Who will?

It you don’t
buy Victory Bonds and enable Canada to provide
credits to Great Britain with'which to buy Cana-

_ da’s surplus farm products---

W. R. BOYCE: & GO,

THE EOHO |S THE OFFICIAL
Fbtbdbrb dob bb bbb bbb bd bib

 

i

+

‘What are YOU going to
do about it?

IF YOU DO

Who will?

forfour off debe drdecb deeb defo debb beob

in Windsor.

 
   

 
 
  

N

If you don’t

Buy Victory Bonds and assure Canada the oppor-
tunity to extend credit to Great Britain with which
to purchase our surplus manufactured products

and keep our factories humming-- a »
Who: will?

BUY VICTORY BONDS T0 THE LIMIT

This Space donated to the Victory Loan 1919 Campaign by

 
      

  
  
 
  

Mrs. Herbert Cramer and two sons,
of Windsor, spent a few days with
ber mother, Mrs. Cyrenus Huffman,
who has been quite {ll .

Quarterly meeting. at St. Mark's A.
M. BE. Zion church, Sunday, November

£|(THE WIG coST OF SMOKING

If you are a pipe smoker you know |

HARROW.

    
 

how difMcult it 15 to-day to get a de-
cont smokeable J at loss than 7be.
We have secured a<fine line in a variety

Ivan McLear has secured a position
! of shapes to sell at—

Mr. and Mrs, Percy Winters spent CENTS oth. Special service at 3 p.m. by Rev.
the week-end at his father's, In Mer- They'll not 18st Jong. Get yours 10- Samuels, P.E. Rev. Frye, pastor.
. : 3 Tobacco buyers have been advised

It really shouldn’t be necessary: at this stage to educate,
argue or persuade the people of Colchester South
into buying Victory Bonds.

day (Thursday) to spend a few days
in Toronto.

if you haven't any ready money,
: arrange with your employer or with
giving and of good business, the peo: any bank to buy an the instalment}

ple of Colchester South: are going Plan.

over the top to achieve their allotted yay will be able to meet the instal-

quota and to secure the much prized ments all right, and a few months

hence you"will be glad you arranged
Prince of Wales Honour Flag. to do so.

For reasons of patriotism, of thanks-
th

v

So, go now and
BUY VICTORY BONDS

This space donated to the Victory Loan 1919 Campaign by

C. RICHARDSON & SON

~~ HARROW.
Foerster

SPECIALS EVERY SATURDAY !

At this Up-to-Date Grocery
with the FRESH STOCK.

Buy Victory Bonds

8
8

|e
t
I

  

i

 

agesfeofesfasfecfecferdrferorioraciorioctee

BE

Cc, HALSTEAD -

HARROW
GROCER:

MA

. iy

Goforfeeforfectantefodonfertesfortertoterfertorioteed

|

:

If Germany Had Won

1 Germany -had won the war—the people of” Can-
ave the option of lending their money at
The Victory Loan 1919 would have
Remember that, and in thank-
Bonds. : ¢

 

 

 

 

3

ada would not h

:
3

:
:

5
been a Defeat Assessment.
fulness Lend! ! Buy Victory

15% per annum

 

 

A. MICH

 

TT Farmers’ Store
AEL, Phone 67 _ HARROW,
EERE =

 

 

PRPS DE

    

|

    

in the surecknowledge that you have everything to gain'|

and nothing to lose.
* They represent

ture. ; .
futur ans anything at all to you to be

C. WEBSTER,
HARROW

BUY VICTORY BONDS

your faith—-your sharé—in Canada’s

a citizen of

    
   
   

this Dominion,

Ww.

 

lin.

Woodcock, B. M. E. church parsonage,
Harrow. ,#

put the telephoze into the Methodist’
PATSONALE.

was provided.

York, for.a couple of weeks,

Quick and Fred. Ferriss left Saturday |
fo join the Test of the, hunter Lake ,and who was under orders to

C
Wednesday for ‘Hamilton, to at

tne funeral of Mrs. Adams’ brofher,
Mr.. Husband.

pupit next. Sunday and- take up the |

gi
ehn dulie an A the town, |, oimington, and others, and a series

odist, church meets, at the home of
Mrs. Arthur Munger this (Friday) af-

ternoon;

for the
asked to pay it t9 E. B. Richarddon,

  
  
   
    
   
  
    
     
  
  
  

  
  

A

doy.

THE SENTINEL STORE

ADAMS BLOCK =~ HARROW.
mt crm — er

by their companies to slow up, and
the result is that very little buying is
being done this week, The price
has dropped to 30 and 36 cents. Just
what the outlook is-for the future, no
one seems to know.

Friends and neighbors will be
pleased to hear that Mrs, Mellanby
has been moved to the home of her
father, Thomas Herniman, after under-
going treatment in Hotel Dien ander
the care of Lr. Dewar, of Windsor,
and Dr. J .D, Collins, of Harrow.

A correspondent writes: “The
trouble that has been brewing and
nojsed around concerning Coates and
other respectable parties is now hush-
ed, as Coates being unable to relate
same at High Court decided to put
an end to this gossip and drew out
of the courts before court time.”

Mra. H. E: Cornwall and son Web-
ster spent a week with her friend,
Mrs, “Harry McIntyre, at Chatham.
They were very intimate friends be-
fore marriage and have not allowed
thelr friendship to languisn since as-
suming the responsibilities of married
life, -

Frank Miller {8 winding up his af-
fairs on the Jenner farm after a very
successful sale, He is removing his
family to Windsor for the present, and
will remain here himself until he strips
hia tobacco, He expects later to take
his family for a trip to his ofd home
n_Scotland, and will spend the winter

there.
BB Ta I I Sa a

Music lessons given by Mrs. Thomas,

 

 

The quarterly board has decided to

Carlond of potatoes and apples just
‘arrived. Delivery \l4 being arranged
for, John Readman, Harrow.

The Victory Loan aeroplane did not
: : - materialize on Saturday, much to the
on] disappointment of those. who were

Aaa . ht looking for the prize pacKages. It is
he ; . {not yet known If this stunt will be
. ay I'put on before the campaign, closes.

3 | C. H. Lloyd, who was until a few
a : days ago, the manager of the Imper-
Frank Clark, Irwin McLean, Gordon fal Bank of Canada at Nlagara-on-the-

J. H., Madill and family left yester-

Mrs. E.
isit friends and

S al ransfer to the Cobalt branch, went to

Eh North Bay Instead, as his orders were
T. B. Adams wo, A shortly before his departure.

nd | fo rowell tokens of esteem in fthe
shape of a pair of gold cuff links, a
silver chafing dish and a pipe were
presented to Mr. Lloyd by the mer-
chants of the town, the Pastime Club
and the Virgin Gun Club, respectively,
while to Mrs,” Lloyd the merchants
presented an fnlaid silver five o'clock
tea service,

A Victory Loan meeting was held
in the I O.‘D, E. Hall on Monday
evening, where splendid addresses
were delivered by Ed. Winter, of

artier, Ont,
Mr. and Mrs.

Rev. Mt. Frears will’occupy his ownj
econd sermon on The Future Life]
eries: “What Is Death?"

David Ferriss’ little lad Gerald has
ome through his operation for throat
ronble at Hotel Dien, and is now at
ome, feeling much better.

We notice the Branton & Buchanan
arage is nearing completion, and will

 

| of moving pictures were also shown.
The Victory Loan headquarters this
year are at the Bell Telephone office.
The canvassers-are J. H. Madill, F. E,
Richardson, T. B. Adams, A. B. Her-

The W. My S. of the Harrow Meth-

 

Everybody welcome.

 

A carload of apples arrived here ho
: | ring, Guy Munger, Arthur Agla, Ted | +
from Mildmny, Ont. for John Read-{ ooo) "anq W, R.- Boyce. As thel + LABORERS WANTED : bo: 3 forigBory 25¢ BiZ0 .... ounces
man. He could have sold two car- > 3 Dyola Dyes. ...... a D0}
loads if he could have got them. roads have nok been good It has been fa + J Heinz Oven Baked with sauce—
Frank Clark. A. E. Vickers, Harold impossible for the canvessers to ESL - Apply = 4 | Tdnn Fish—40c Uns. ..........e- 35¢c 250 BIER op rerh gs Se VRE
and Roland Ferrigs and L V/. Murray around and see all the people of the BRUNNER, MOND CANADA, £7 y
the hunters wi left for township, but are asking prospective i Ltd,, Amherstburg, Ont. & | Shrimps—per CBR" yor rune:. en .¢.25¢ Brush Brooms, fine for bare floors or
A among ig dun og oa k subscribers to call and leave their 4 - SE linoleum—regulay 70c, only...60
The W. orn foamy es of | subscriptions with any of the above, | $4AEA LT AEA Lt Glass Wash Boards. ........s. ..88e a ih : :
the service next Sunday morning In| gupdeideddipbdrbdilrbddtbdbdbd rd The deal gr 2 Nop Ridge Little Hand Brushes........3 for 10c rooms-=higulun 4 $1 00... ... 900
the Methodist church, ind the Rey. ’ : * : 3 00. spa.
C. O. Kaine, of Cottam, will be tire i COLCHESTER SOUTH * i wha for 35 years had made |Nutmegs—large sizei:i.....19 for 106 pick Cat Polifh. ....eueenesnes RT%Y 3,
spécial preacher bs Soni . fo hg one vith Bor alater, Mrs, David . 1 at J
: les : dete bdo defo b Ad opgood. o is also survived by! Nugget and Two-in-One Polish....12¢ BAKING POWDERS.
ae lis, Raterendum Miss ¥, Shay- spent the week-end | another. sister, Mrs, George-Bodelle, of | ER v : Ld . z 3 iP eaiierr i
; with Miss Irene Lypps. Harrow, and two brothers, Samual, | Prepared Icings—per pkg.........14c Our Qwn—largs [oT Ca PO,

campaign, aro of North Ridge, and. Solomon, of Col-

chester South. . Services were held at

Referendum Mrs. John Watters and son Allen

spent the weéekénd in the city.

Traagurer, 80 at the bills contracted | “po; Russell’ is’ very poorly, suffer-| the house Wednesday morning. In-
Hays oD  Misaton Circle'of thy {ng trom a severe cold and) the other] terme: t the family plot, ller Sat
0 e on Circle 18 | infirmities of old age. ! tlement, Colchester South.  ~

Baptist church met at the home off “ap 3nd Mrs Maurice Hutchins, Mr.| The question of-dedicating certain,

Mrs. John Readman Tuesday. nfter-),,q Mrs. Stewart Cornwall, of Malden ; i ; 8
3 y ,| lots at Colchester for. public. use -as i ss rR Ph Cream Tartar—pkg.....9¢; 3 for 25¢
daint Ry CL h A | ure the guests ot H, R. Cornwall an athletic fleld is- again being dis- 18-408, PED pve, 2 : of E :
Fo ee a fc inie=own cial of the Oxley| cussed, and the ‘matter has been CANNED, GOODS. Corn Starch—2 PRES. :.co... +280
RSs. : ; Methodist church will meet at the home | drawn to the attention of the Pro-: : = + :
ine Fogle or Fo a Elliott, on. Saturday. - | vinclal Department of Lands, Forests [ Corn—per CANE oo hig ovo x + ;A9c Sugar, light, brown, per wt... $1150
! _A. R. Ferriss’ extensive auction sald] and Mines, who in” a recent letter |y Be i \deau” Hall Coffée—1-1b tin......65c
ing as geason aL, lo Shox: da: will be held on Tuesday, November | saya: 5 bog to say-thit according to Peag—Barly JURA rend hasan, 19¢ R he 0 ! tl 8 :
Tp i ee 11th. List in this issue of The iEcho.|the plan of the town and park lots in Standard”... 45. emg N78 ; CEREALS. :
Tn Sadill, Adams. Taylor ning: Charles and Arthur Tofflemire, of | Colchester Lots 2, 8 and 4 on the west. SN »
, re a otf) ndsor, spent a few days the past|gide of Bagot street, and Lots's, 4 5 Sweet Wrinkle o.oo. ..- ! Pr, 5
sion bow selobiated with | weal with their cousin, Allan Watters. |and-6¢ on the east side of Sydenham : Shredded YMeat, Toasted Wheat Bis
more snthng asm SRI SUR). iv ie Sunday visitors at .Thomas Hernl-| street were specially reserved for the Tomntoes—Iargs CaN ....c.civoee ciilts, Puffed Wheat. ....,....14c
a sort of Victory ce r han old| man's were Mr. and Mrs. F. Hernl-| purposes of a public square and other | 5 ow Te
the fun, . Of Pumpkin—large CAI ........- Puffed Rice. ........ 18¢, or 2 for 35¢

 

public purposes and they naturally
may be still used.
It is now noted; ho

and young joined in
conrse some untrained steeds broke

the traces and did damage thal was
uncalled for.

man and son Alton and J. Jackson, of

Cottam.
Word comes:from the sanitarium at

Léndon®that Mrs. Edgar Tofflemire is

weaver, by: your let-

 

    

   
 

   
   
    
   
  
  
 

 
 
 
 

  
  
  

Miss Eva Hilton gave & Masquer) ,eing weaker, and Is now: confined ;
aah party on mlowgn Eh, 01) El” ened | 1" poskenin”or Gren Ble S| san chotcoper pa... 0 : fom
gzan 3 x 1" Zion Methodist church, Sunday, No-| these parties have paid taxes thereon | ooo bi, Fo 1 : 7 :
able to the ocasion Wore, kept up ti{ vember 9th: 2 p.m. Sunday school; 3|to pe Mshin hui rel Such hej the Ammonia—Snowflake—1te tg. 100 Kellogg's Waxtite Corn Flakes 2% a
a Inte pou, whos Sgn  WAS| pm, introduction of Christian Stew- [case before dealing further with the . > 0c pig.» : dE
served. The ionse as ¥ fecor-| ardship campaign. ’ - matter of vesting the rights in these | geans, hand plcked—2 TI an, 25c Cream of Wheat—reg. 30c pkg....25¢°
sted Tor the pros a Fred. W Will the person-who took the gate |lots in‘the name of the municipality ~ ~ WAT

Niles /Hulstesd and Frei Wright| away from the park in Colchester on [the Department desires to know .theiBéins—Lima—per B..........;-- 15¢ Robin Hood, Quaker, Tilson's Oats=—
have ‘been picking nice quaitities of| Saturday night. pleasg return same?igames of the parties who are in pos- : Robin Hood, Quaker, THison's Qots—
raspberries this WEE but LE Nothing more will then be sald of the | session there, giving the length of BAKED BEANS: Win y Ei
the present aspect o sther, the| matter, / > tesfdonce and tho amount and value Shivers. lft. Cantos fi Pp gratia 4% oT anim eiaV ately

apis Gy ae ~ Mince™ Meat—Clark’s is dellciong—

 
   
 

crop will soon be" harvested hy Jack
Frost. - Second crops of berries have
been more plentiful this fall tian ever
before in Colchester South. 3
The Women's Institute will meet ‘at
the home of Mrs, Clarence McLean on
Wednesday afternoon, Novsmber 12th.
A large attendance is redjested. Ad:
dresses for the meeting: “A Model
Woman,” by Mra. Jules Bailey;
oEducation and What At Means,” Mrs. |
T. A. Eliott. Roll call answered by
“My favorite sandwich and pow to

of the Improvements In each case. Of
course It is understood that this land,
not_having been vested in the municl-
pality but reserved to the Crown,
there could ‘be mo title obtained by
the panties’ squatting thereon uptil
guch time.ns the whole matter would
be straightened out satisfactorily to
the Crown, the municipality and the
paries residing théreon.”

Cattle are being allowed to run at
large along the lake front, thus de-
,stroying people's gardens, Hereafter
they will be Imipounded unless owners
look more carefully ‘aftér them.

John Birch, who-has been poorly
for some time, left last week to go to
the Mayo Brothers” {natitution at
Roghester, Minn, for an examination.
Mr. Herring accompanied him.

Some of the ratepayers of the town-
ship at the upper end of the Dolsen
Creek drain ‘have decided to file a pe-

      
  
  
  
  

    
   
   
     
     
   
     
  
    
    
   
   
  

       
   
    
  
  

 

   
   
      
    
 
 
   
       

home on the 6th concession, “Tuesday,
in the 64th year of his age, having

 
      
   

      
    
  

 

     
  
  
   
   
    

 

Canada is Countin
Your Buying

i ‘Canada fb count
. Canada’s obligati
Hon anada’s need to finance overs

Canada is counting on. you.
_ Canada la your, Country: Bu

Minit. :

tory Bonds.

buying Vie
ingen. you Quying your obliga-

ons to her army ares

eas orders is your need.
You cannot fail her.
y. Victory Bonds to the

   
 
  

Marriage Ligonsos:

MAN -

fssuor of

READ

»

 

-| ism” and were

make ft". Everybody welcoMa  # | ition with the council; asking to be| been ill since Inst 8

) 1 pring with sciatic
Last Sabbath. despite the bad Tons, assessed in the Richmond dgain-again, | rheumatism, when he returned to his
there Was & lnrge congreg f the| Tha Navy  Leagud of Colchester [home here from the Brunner, Mond,

   

     
     
   
   
 

Amherstburg. - Towards the last his
condition showed a partial paralysis
of the system, Funeral sarvices were
eonducied at the residence yostarday
(Thuraday) afternoon and interment
was in Greenhill cemetery. Mr. Craw-
ford was horn at Garden Island and
cnme to Colchester with the  Can-

fields forty years ago, working about
He was married

‘the mill for years.
to Miss Allen, of Gosfield South, and'
she survives Kim Juan wit ike
following ys ra, Mra. 3
rdon; David and Frank,

    
  
  
   
    
    
   
    
     
  

Methodist churgh and 8 great Hymber
remained to the sacrament gervice,
Six persons received the riglt of bap-
received into the for-
Jowship of. the church. At tie Board
meeting a splendid report Fas given,
showing an increased attéidance and
finance. The loose asllections for the
past five months ary gimaost equal to
the twelve months of the preceding
year, 4
The High Schod Literary met
Thursday evening. Sctober 30th,
the High school, and the form of

South wigh to thank the Patriotic
Soofety of the Iler: Settlement Tor a

donation of $50, and also to thank P.
P. McCallum” and his’ dramatic. Club
for $50. 4 .

. On account of baling so. bus, with
auction sales, Chas. Clark, ‘who was
the local representative for ‘the W.
C. McDonald Co., has had to turn his
end of the bus a, over. to someons
else, and will not be in the field again

this season. Wt
The Pairiatie Soclety of Colchester
South will hald their Red Cross tea

 
    
   
  
    
    
   

  
 

      
 

 
 

  

  

   
    
  
   
 
 
 

  
  

   
 

a social evening. Bah came disguis-| and quilting boe in. the ‘Woodmen ; : ‘Mra, Barl Fal-|
od ns a ghost, and al was ellence ti! { on Wodnnday. iaracon the | mer, of Colchester South; Harry, Al-
the girls were auctioied off, then thej 1 of November. 3 ‘lan, Charles and’ Mrs, Davis, at home.
masks were removed. The first {ssue| please come, priar Beniden he. lonvegs brother, Ch

the| to be trax ‘Crawford, of Kingaville.

the school paper read, by
ok itor. Byron Eede, an the remind

HO WILL?

buy Victor
her golden opportunity to hold and exte
overseas market and assure good times and good

wages at home -

If you don’t
buy Victory Bonds an
your busineés or your job--

 
 
 
 

PAPER OF THE TOWNSHIP OF OOLOHESTER SOUTH.

«To the Last Man and

DRUGGIST
i ER
Victory Bonds are Excellent Investments. ‘Do Your
Bit and See That Colchester South Subscribes Beyond
The Objective.-~Buyi to The Limit of Your Capacity
and Induce Your Frien
SAVE ! SAVE !| SAVE! PAY CASH at “THE HOME

Rit Dycing SOBp....ie..ocvens rid

McCormick's Sodna jin pails... pre

_ | Sdedless Ral

for such. purposes. | pin

ter that this particular land has béen|Sweet °

David ‘Crawford passed away at his |

   
   
   
   
  
    
   
 
   
  

  
   
 
 
 
  
  
  
  

 

   
 

y Bonds and enable Canada to grasp

nd her
Who will?

d do your part to insure

Who will?

3

to the Last Dollar’—-

In this‘strain we did a lot of talking a couple of
years ago. 1 ’

The soldier has played his part; but Canada does
not need your last dollar or anywhere near it. = Canada

does need you to take a liberal portion. of your present
savings or borrow a reasonable proportion of your

future earnings and i

BUY VICTORY BONDS

E. F. DARBY. HARROW
OPTICIAN STATIONERY
NOTARY PUBLIC

  
  
  
  
    
    
   
    
 
  
    
 
  
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
  
  
   
    
 
   
   
          
 

 

   

ds to Do The Same.

 

 

OF GOOD. {EATS” where economy * prices prevail!
Buy whee you will find buying best.
Where Goods an

d Prieé Stand the Test!

“9c Heinz with Tomato Sauce, ™ re
EAA

 
  
 

 

47c_Eggo—1-b. can—reg. 4c, only...35¢

+250

sina—cholcd ne gopds— ,Magle—l1-Tb. can.....

ROYAI—8 OZ. CAN.\ af s craves on

Loose,s pirdb. -.

  

  

 

Pe . Sy 1 A 55
eapple (slicdd) Adc cin... Grape Nuts and Postum Cereal... Tdc

 

Potatoes—Iarge Cn. ...... Kellogg's London Corn Flakes—

     
   
   
    
   
   

Clark’s. Chateau—reg. 22¢ slze....19¢ POF POUNA .,.ccuuncrionseesraadlD i
Clark's: hateau—reg, 26c aize....238 Peanut Butter—Olark’s—25¢ glass.23c =
Ser 20c glass.18c.

Clark's Chateau—reg. 46¢ size....38¢" Mn
3 ~ Monnrch Mustard and Sour Pickles—

   
  
   

 

Clark’s ‘ith Chill Sauce—
Reg, 20c size..
Reg. 13c size..
Reg. 10c size

40 bottles ........ 3 36c
Lamb Chimneys—Iarge 14c; small, 120

   

 

  
 
  

  
  
     
   

  
 

“Home of Good Eats”

    

  
  

 

¥

If You Want to Save Money
The man who gets ahead is the man

   

       
      

 

A
” ;

 
