  
  
   

    
    
  
 
 
  
  
   
     
  
     
   
       
        
 
   
     
         

    

 

 

GIRLS SUMMER-TIME DRESSES

To Wear For Better and For Best

ena dresses because they cemainly wash

nicely. The flower-like charm of little girlhood is in each and every
pi idle dress represented. There are dresses of Gingham, Cham-
bray and Linen. Some with cuffs and collars of Pecay, and others
with touches of colorful embroidery here’ and there. In the showing
are correct sizes and styles for little tots of two years to school

girls of 14.

Hot Weather Calls for_Bathing Suits

ready with the right kind of Bathing Suits for
serviceable.

Mothers will wecoms th

 

  
  
  
   
   
   
  

Mr. Man, we are

you. They are good fitting and

One-Plece Cotton Suits
he skirt effect in Navy and Grey

$1.50

These come with 1
with contracting colored bands.

These are Priced BL. .....coaorasihaseesiprnener:

   
    
     

   

 

  

All-Wool Bathing Suits

One-piece styles In blue with red stripes.
are extra fime and offer a splendid !
value, at this price

    
        

    

       
         
     
     
        
         
       
        
       
     
    
     
   
      
  
   
      
      

 

“Cotton Mercerized Suits v

$2.50

One-piece styles In Navy color, all sizes,
and a noteworthy bargain at his

special price Aa Ere A BDA TTR SET CCL

: Main Floor—Men's Section

Gloves, Sil

bbb ded beeper ded ddd ddd dbl

 

= LH a

k Top Combinations
The body of these garments ure made of splendid quality lisle,

cool and lasting. Designed without neck, strap over the shoulde

all sizes, They come in pink and white. =. -
style. tight knee, ribbon run at the top and offered in

I ho ror Cn oa ad RASC a GED Soe Le a SS Si

  

-

Main Floor

 

Many folks are petting ready, for the summer cottage season and
in making the preparations towelfing [s important. Here is high qual-
ty crash towelling, 16 Inches wide,
with red border,
at per yard

  

Main Floor—Centre Aisle

RE ee

Bartlet, Macdonald & Gow

LIMITED.
9-11-13 Sandwich St. East and 16 Ouellette Ave.

WINDSOR

     
      
        
       
     
    
     
         

rd
Z

FINRA ORO Or 8 SE SL
“;

)
I CBZ i%k pp co Hm

        
     

 

 
 
   

  

    
  

 
    

 
 
 
 
  

pepe beefed ole
of

ole

| CRUSHED STONE |
i +

% At Amherstburg Quarry. «i

Gr mse. %

Clean, tough stone of different sizes required %

I for concrete and road work. 3

3 Write or phone for quolations 44

: Brunner, Mond Canada, Lid. ¥

Fig 3 AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO

 

J 2 2 J a 2 J a Je 2 a

4 ; |

BEAL ESTATE BOUGHT MND-SOLD:

If you want to “know all about what real
estate is: on ‘the market in this District
consult »

sa

 

Ceorge Cott

Real Estate and Insurance Agent
Bank of Commerce Building,
~~ Amherstburg, Out.

usgegeforfegeenfoefeeriefrbeiebebedrbdeob ded

 

eset en ferent onfeeefecfrfeofrdrebeleriedentebrbebed

ome Oi Hive Fn. roger Fur Se

 

 

 

Ee HN efile

 

Comfort

Can't Puncture Absolutely Air Freo BET
¥ and Care Frees ; on ER

Always READY to Go|

100,000 now In uso and giving bio

for

> : <

 

  
  
    
   

 

   

passengers,

tine on account | cream
~ |the merry-go-round 10 cents.

the sal-| Mrs, Clusion, London, is suing

+ with troops and other
“ was detained ay quaran

  
  
  

breaking her afm by

falling on a 81

 
 
 

    
   
 

a8 a result of fo
oh n. Sa:
Te

3

  

 

sr

    
    
    
 
   
   
     
   
 
 

of Justice,
armistice, practically the entire. staff
of the (branch throughout the Domin-
fon has been disbanded.

tario, Bishop Bidwell, of
pald considerable attention to the pro-
hibition question, and indicated that
he would favor the sale of
and wines under strict
regulations,
opposed to the
saloon and the bar. and , would not

  

  

lation in regard to spirits.

    

Wednesday that negotiations are being
carried on for the purchase of the S,,
W. & A. electric railway and “if we
can buy the railway life at a price it
would justify us to pay; we will-sub.
mit the
municipalities interested, have a vote

Only Few Small Sections Not Yet Ac-

between London and Windsor and two
short pieces of road,
Belleville and Napanee, and the other
between Brantford and Woodstock, the
Ontario Government has taken over
the roads for the whole of "the Pro-
vincial

nounced on Monday that the Govern-
ment had taken over the other por-
tion® of the highway-that had mot pre-
viously been included in the system

Auto’ Drivers

perfect satisfaction. A money saver oe —

 

 

sodns 20 cents, and a ride on

the
oberts| city for $5600 damages om account ofl

sfdowalitle of We
Eight Tinjiuns were burned to death
5- [and two more aro not expected to re-| them go where Bol
. rest fires. in|
eval :

1

 

   
 
   
   
   
    
  
 

 

    

    

B. A. Patton, river front.

Sunday visitors at Charles Beet
ham's wera; V. W. Valade and fam-
ily, of Detroft; D. Valade and family,
of Gesto; Ray and Wm. Beetham and
Thomas Anderson, of Malden

“Oak Farm’ Unlon Sunday school,
June 10th. The Colchester Dramatic
Club will present their drama and

sketches,. Also Potier's orchestra, dn

Union Sunday school, June 10th.
Mrs. James D. Gibb is offering

household furniture and utensils for
sale hy auction at the reoldence, South
Bathurst street, Amherstburg on Sat-
urday afternoon. See list In this
issue;

Since the signing of the

 

In his address to the Synod of On-

Kingston,

 

light beers
Government
His Lordship Is strongly

restoration of the day.

   
  
 

1ke any change In the present regu-

 

was present and a splendid conven
tion reported. A great many auxil-
jaries reported 20. per ceht. increase
and over in membership and, funds.
Mrs. Gordon Wright, of London, fis
president for the coming year.
The.regular meeting of the Malden

 
  
 
 
 
  
 

whole matter to the various

 

ladies of the community to share this
meeting and the social hour to follow

The regular Red Cross meeting was
held in the basement of the church on
Monday afternoon. A large number
were present.” It was decided to pre-
sent medals to the Malden boys who
have. been overseas. These will be
ready for presentation in a short time.
The sum of $50 was voted to ihe work
of assisting returned invalided soldiers
who are in the military hospital, 2Dis-
trict No. 1, at London, Ont. Over 60
per cent. of those cared for there be-
long to Western Ontarlo, outside the
cities, and the ladies of the rural so-
cleties are asked to help. “Till the
last Canadian soldier 1s discharged

FOR HIGHWAYS

 

quired by Government.

 

With the exception of the section

one between

  
 

* W. A., Mclean,
Highways, . am

Highway.
Minister of

  

Deputy

       

        

        

Miss Winnifred Langlois, daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Theodore Langlois,” was
united in marriage to Charles Payne,
of Detroit, formerly of Indiana, the
Rev. Father Ryan officiating. The

and -on the east from Kingston to the
Quebec boundary. The section be-
tween Brantford and Woodstock has
been. omitted only temporarily.

The , Government’ ~has also staken

      
      
     
         
     
 

     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

  
     
     

   
       
    

 

   
  
  
   
    
    
       
 

Ont,, stepp
adian Pacific
morning in Windsor to greet his wife,
he was stricken with, heart
death resulting before’ ‘medical ald
could be summoned.
taken to Oshawa for burial Wednes-

wheel,

ernment

the Windsor branch, Great War Vet-
erans’ Association.
gens three years.
As David Mitchell, 48 years old, of
Pontlac, Mich, formerly0f Oshawa.
ed to the door of a Cin-
coach

Casey Holt, of
night forgot his troubles and
containing more than $300, which he
had in his back’ pocket, and went ta

morning, relieved him of $20, which
amount he was fined for obstructing
the highway and yiolating the Ontario
Temperance Act.

Among the students of U
Toronto. who were successful at the
recent examinations in the fourth year

Gundy, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Ww.
B. Gundy, household science, general
course (economics). wT

When an automobile driven by Fred-
erick Knight, St.
turned turtle into a ditch one mile i
west of the Island View hotel, Sand-
wich East, late Sunday
Lee, Chinese, one of three passengers,
was seriously injured, and
who was pinned under the steering
narrowly
Blinded by the searchlight ol a. ma-
chine going east, Knight, according to
the police, lost control of his
which plunged over a bridge,

Donald Fraser, manager
at Windsor,

store

Martha Dickinson, assistant city clerk
8f Windsor, and Miss E. Audrey Ross,
lof St. John, N. B,, were married Wed:
nesday at Montreal

Pleading not

gullty to charges of

          

      

  

  

      
   

 

     
 
  
   
   

   
    

 

 

       
    
 
   
  
  
  
    
    
    

 

 

    
   
             
    
    
   
   

   
     
   
      
    
   

ES er dE A a
q —_—
mu T
H 0 WINESOR. maid, bib piragy gh A See oy x DEATHS DOINGS,
| E F H : navy blue sult, at, ——
— TT — ges, Lawrence Chauvin| Mrs. Josephine Pulford w
C Rov. J. A. Snell [5 attending conter-| Bread Inspector wiilam Wheeler carried pink Fm. WE an [tho To Alan pillar: Tow
Published by ence In Goderich this week. of Windsor, Wednesday. seized 42 pul the wedding dinner served at ts burg. who had been lying at to i
THE EGHO PRINTING ¢0., Limited Last chance to see “Fresh Timothy loaves of bread fram wagons of an 3 sal 14a brides parents, Mr. and|of death for some time A i
) Hay”, in Unfon Sunday school bulld- | east side baker. The loaves, which \[rp. Dube left on a trip cust home on Chatham street, Wing 5
$OHN A. AULD, A. W. MARSH, ing, June 10th, Wore fom 3 30 Fis anaes user ; Dr L. G. McCabe was appointed to passed away there on Friday phi 3
President. ~ Seo-Treas.| The two Adult Bible classes will | weight, were sent is the Home of the r. ihe Separate School Board | the 76th year of her age, Funara) bn
F meet at’the home of Sherman Col-|Friendless. ng {nor Board of Educhtion, at vices were held there on Mopgy =
A movement has been started to|lison this (Friday) evening Adopting an _eightshour diy for alljon the nd sor ormer board on Mon: 1.30 o'clock; and the remains ¥ at
decorate all mothers of Canadian fal “The Unpardonable Sin,” a, strong | its workmen, the Canadian Swit Com- [a meeting of the or el: succeed brought by specipl car to Wore
len heroes, war melodrama, Burg Theater, Wed- [pany of Windsor. announced on Ties. |day. evening. Dr. Modi 8 Til eC | burk and intermoft was mad Ambar,
a nesday evening, June 11th, Come. day that in addition to shorter heurs fhe late Judge J. A ee De ‘the | Hill cemetery, services a In Rogy
The regatar Juno session of the Es | "Harry Atkin will take charge of the [an increase of 26 cents a day will be|capacity and will be a mem rT TT Pe reve Sout
sex County Council will convene on |gervices at Malden on Sunday next, |granted. Officials also promise to is [same committees. cor. and the Rev. L. W. Ral or Wing,
Monday, June 15th owing to the absence of the pastor. [tablish a profit-sharing plan this yeir. —— eee herstburg.. Mra. Palforc y ou Am.
E a Ce Alger Luckham and. wife, together Announcement was made W cdnes-| eo TERN BAPTIST ASSOCIATION. name was Miss Josephine Foon ue
Lieut-Col. H. A. C. Machin has re-|with Lloyd and Miss Helen Luckham, {day that Ross Braid, grandson of the Ba ghe married Mr. Pulford at r, ang
signed his position as director of the |of Detroit, were Decoration Day guests [late Magistrate Alexander Bartlet, of Clergy and 1ay. delegates to thel B% pehruary 27th, 1860. Ae uthyey
Military Service Branch, Department |of thelr uncle and aunt, Mr, and Mrs. | Windsor, has been appointed. assistant sumber. of more than 100, represents| °° a mharstburg In 1893 Ev ofimg
to Colonel A. J. Douglas, secretary of {y/" qo counties of Essex and Kent/| yor golden wedding In 1910, rating

Inter

iro in Walkerville this week for the ue

39nd annudl meeting of the Western
Assocation of Baptist churches, which
spaned In Walkerville: Baptist church
on Tuesday Tha forenoon session
was devoted 10 8 conference of mis
sionary cireles and bands, while a sim:
{lar meeting Was held in the after:
moon.” A pastors’ and laymen's con:
ference was held simultaneously In
the afternoon at the Lincom Road
church, while the association conven:
tion proper convened in the evening,
when Rev. H. McDermid conducted
devotional exercises. The principal
speikers Tuesday were Miss Ellen
a missionary recently return-

moving to Windsor, where Mr, py
died November 15th, 1915. They

a family of nine, eight of whom ii
living: J. W.. of @levelund; Gord
E. of Amherstburg; Ezra C, of De
troit; ‘Charles A, of Windsor: a

W. J. Campenu, of Harrow; Mrs. wr
Brett, of Windsor; Misses Effie gpg
Ada, of Windsor. One daughter, ho;
lle, died when young. The pallbearsry
were the same as those who acted

Mr. Pulford’s funeral—Gordon ;
Charles, Ezra and J. W. Pulford, py
W. J. Campend and W. J. Brett,

Braid was over

 

 

early Monday

disease,

 

The body was

Sunday
“a roll”

* Windsor,

 

“—Many homes In Amherstburg wer

; em an The London Branch of the Women's Priest, ny b
=S Adam Beck, chairman of the | fjs5ionary Society met in Stratford | sleep In the center of McDougall] 4 sei India, and Mrs, C. J. Cameron. stricken with grief Monday morning
Hy Blectric Commission, said on|during last week. A large delegation | street. Magistrate Miers, Monday lio noronto, At the men's conference | When the news came from Walkeryiljs

that Mrs. Lloyd Holland had Passi
away. The progress of her illness
hich dated from the birth of her |.
tle daughter February 17th, had cause
not only her family, but her map
friends in Amherstburg n great dey
ol anxiety, and it seemed like hopin,
against hope that she would recover

wn the afternoon Rev S. E. Grigg, of
Detroit, and Dr. K. Eirdst, of McMas-
ter University, Toronto, delivered ad-
dresses. The moderator of the con-
vention 1s = Rev. B.C, Gosnell, of
Kingsville, while Rev. A. Hilliard
Jones, of Wheatley, i8 the clerk, Am-

 

niversity of

taken. and if it 18 favorable, we willlyy M.S. w » held at the parsonage |are the Windsor girls—Miss Helen 1 > ant Clergyapres:

buy the line for the municipalities, re-|on hn ba nuig 41 A | Smith. daughter of Judge and Mis, ong ihe EE org) pros When a type of meningitis set nh

construct, operate, and extend it as|program fs being prepared, and Mrs. Smith, honors in'English and history Rev. FG ‘Burrell, of Leamington; was known that death was only a may.

reuyested.} | E Thiman, District Ofganizer, will [ (moderns); Miss Marjorie G. Tolmle. poo x E. Burrell ®t “Wilkesport: | ter of time. Her mother, Mrs. Alex
rhe be present and give an address. An |dnughter of Major and Mrs, Tolmie, |p 0" yy -C._ Pearce, of Dresden, and ander Bonnett, Park street, devoted

TAKES OVER ROADS » urgent invitation is extended to all modern langwages; Miss -Kathleenlp "yoo. Gilpin, of Palmyra. The [ten weeks at her bedafde assisting 5

trained nurse, and is almost worn ot
with constant worry and care. Thy
remains were brought to Amliersthurg
Monday evening and the funera]
took place Wednesday afternoon at
2.30 o'clock to Christ church, whens

conference continued until Thursday

| morning. ; :
The conference unanimously voted
to hold their meeting In Kingsville,

next year.

 

 

Luke road.. Ford,

a E the deepest solemnity prevailed as the
Rt. Too COMBER. Rev. H. A. Wright, rector, conducted

the funeral services; the burial way
in Rose Hil] cemetery, the paiibearers
being Norman Wilson, C. D. Balley, H,
Pettypiece, J. R. Hamiton, L. Kemp
and GeorgegH. Jones. Deceased way
Miss Sa Bonnett, was born 21
years agp’in the family home on Park
street, dnd spent her whole life jn
Amherstburg until her marriage, She
was very popular in soclal affairs and
was greatly beloved by her associates

Two auto accidents occurrad near
Comber on Sunday last when a Max-
well ear In chargeof a local boy, went
into the ditch on the Leamington Side
Road, damaging the two fron: wheels,
windshield, top and fenders. A Ford
car also went Into awdteh dn the Mid-
dle Road wast with minor  injurles.
The occupants of both cars escaped
with a severe shaking up. A

 

Knight,

escaped drowning.

   
   
 

car,

of the Gov-
received

 

These are the sections .between|from hospital our, work Is not ended.” [orders Monday to cloge the establish. a
Hamilton and Brantford, through An-| A very quiet wedding was solemn: |ment at 4 o'clock each afternoon, com. Ew 3 She: was married two years ago the
caster: from Waterford to London |ized in the R. C. church, Amherstburg, | mencing June 1st. McGREGOR. _=., °|25th of June to Lloyd Holand, of
through Ingersoll and Thamesford; |on Monday morning at 6 o'clock, when | [James Dickinson, brother of Miss Walkerville, and bore him two chil

Mr. and Mrs. Eugene Beuglet, Mr.
and Mrs. Moussean and Leo Beuglet,
all of St. Joachim, spent Sunday at
the formers’ ‘son's, Eugene Beug-
let's, McGregor. In the afternoon Mr.
and Mrs. Eugene Beuglet and son

dren, Betty Jean and Mary Ellzabath.
Besides these, . she is survived by
her husband, her parents ‘and threa
slsters—Mrs. J. E. McGee, of Niagan
Falls; Kathleen, at home, and Ethel

 

 

 

 

 

 

over a toll road from Cobourg to|bride. who wai very attractively | robbing John Sennulk, Marion avenue, (Mrs. Earl Brush), of this town, to
Grafton and a toll road two mHes long | dressed, was attended by-her cousin, | Windsor, of $2,120, George Lang and Lorenzo and Miss Hilda Bastien and 4]] of whom the sincerest sympathy of
aMjacent to the city of Ottawa There | Miss Bernadette Pillon, and the | Andrew  Shrifaff, Russians, of Ford, their company motored to-the €anard. | ihe community whl be extended. ¥
now remains in the Provincé only |groomsman was Kverett Langlofs.{Monday were remanded eight days for x SR 2 .

about sixty-four miles of toll roads, of | After the ceremony a wedding break-| trial. ; TOWN OF ESSEX. Pte, A, S, Profit, formerly an engin.
which about 44 miles radiate from the | fast was served at the bride's ome on'l* Paul Newman, 52 years of age, died SL - = eer in thd Governnient service in St
ER r mNI”zEI the Gravel Road to the immediate | Saturday at his late home, 324 High-| Mr. and Mra. Alpheus Patterson, John, was drowned in British Ce
GOR T family and relatives. ~The young residence. Funeral services were |plonieers of the Peace River district, | limbla.

 
 
 
 
  
 
  
    
    
  

McGREGOR TO THE RESCUE. couple left on the 8,15 car fora short
honeymoon trip to Indiana. They will
reside with her parents for the pres-

ent.

  
     
   

 

|
To the Editor of The Echo:

As one of your readers, I was’ [nter-
ested in the item appearing in the last
issue of your paper regarding the fixed
assessment of the Brunner, Mond Co,
Ltd, in Anderdon township. I was
very much surprised to see in print
the advice you gave the voters In the
Township of Anderdon, ie. advising
them to vote for the by-law as they
did fn Windsor for the Spark Plug Co.,
“instead; of & against, to make ‘it
unanimous, etc.” As a steady:reader
of The Echo,”I wondered why the
change of policy.

| vivor.

  

 

ANDERDON.

Whitsunday, June 8th, tie Rev H.
A. Wright will - preach at Trinity
church. 3

Last chance to see “Fresh Timothy
Hay”, in Union: Sunday: school build-
ing, June 10th.

Misses Onay Vasey and Amy Hick-
son, and F. Downey were Sunday vis-
jtors at the home, of Mr. and Mrs. Al-
bert Huneau. i y a8

“The Unpardonable Sin” a étrong
war melodrama, Burg “Theater, Wed-
nesday évening, June 11tlit. Come.

“Oak Farm,” Union Sunday school,
June @0th, The Colchester Dramatic
Club will present thelr drama and
sketches. Also Potter's orchestra, in
Unjon Sunday-school, June 10th. i"

Mrs. ‘James D. Glbb-is offering
household furniture and utfnsils for
auction at the residence, South?

 
  
  

      
  
     
   
 
    
 
  
   
   

 

  

  
   
 

        
  
   
 
  
    
  

  

In thé past, periodi-
cally, you have handed somcthing to
the city of? Windsor aboutgthelr. busi
ness dealings with the County’ ot Bs-
géx. - About four weeks ago in an edi
torial referring to the.adtion of the
County of Essex. vd. the Tity of
Windsor for thefr refusal to pagtheir
proportion due on the county roads,
you enumerated all the dehlirtgs that
Windsor had te-neged on.in thes past,
and now to hold them up to the people
of Anderdon as an example for them

  

 
 
   
  

        

      
  
 
   
 
   
  

       
   
 

Mr.

 
 
 
 

 

 

 

   

 
   

 

 

dence,

 

held Monday afternoon at the resi
interment in Winlion Grove
cemetery. His widow is the only sur-

Edwin Stoneman
Charles Stoneman, 376 Bruce avenue,
dfed Sunday afternoon at:the family
residence.
held Tuesday at. the. home at two|First. Lord of the Admiralty, who cre-
o'clock, Interment following in Wind-|ated the War Graves Commission, in
sor; Grove cemetery. =
Thomas Wetlock, Robert Cummings,
Orvil Cantwell, of Chatham, and'Wm.
Logan, of Belleville, were found guilty
of assault on Saturday on Leé Fong,
a Jocal Chinaman, and each fined $9.90
in the police court. The boys, all un-
der twenty years of age, said they, did
not take ‘the $50 which Fong lost, The
court. wrdered payment of the money,
but dild not impose a prison sentence
since mll the boys have war records.
Tha marriage was solemnized Mon-
day morning in Tmmaculate Conception
churcih of Miss Lottie May, daughter of
tnd Mrs. Jerome, of Windsor, to
Henmy Dube, also of ‘Windsor, by, tlie
pastor. Rev. Fr. Robort. )
wore a very chic suit of sand

Funeral

 

reser NOTICE TO CREDITORS

In the matter of the estate of Sarah Ju
Gallino, late of the Town of Amherst
burg, in the County of Essex, married
woman, deceased. Y +

wh ¥

NOTICE (5 heraby given, pursuant is
Section 58 ofthe Trustee Act, “N.S.0. 1914
chap. 121”, that "all ereifitors and, oibers
having ¢lnims. or demands- against hs e-
fats of the said Sarah Jane Oallino, why
‘dipd on or about the 16th day .of April
1019, to send by post prepaid,.or. deliver to
Messrs. Kerby Twigg, 211 Davis Build:
ing, Windsor, ontario, Solicitors for Alen
ander P. Gallino, Admintstrator of the &- ! ?
tate of the sald deceased, thelr Christin i
names apd surnames, addresses and de
scriptions, and full particulars of hei
clnims; statement. of thelr accounts, and
the nature of the securities, (Fany, bed
by them.

And take notice that
mentioned. date, the sald SArministriiee
will proceed 10 distribute the assets of hes
sald deceased among the pargies entitled
thereto, having aif only to the climt

 

 

9.year-old Son of

IN FLANDERS' FIELDS

 

are visiting among relatives here. Mr.
Patterson was M. Py for that district

services were! London;=June 3pd.—Walter Long,

a letter to the Times onthe subject
of the soldiers’ last resting place says:

“To attempt to bring home the re-
mains of all who now-lie in France
daloné would be an impossible ‘task.
I cannot believe it Is desired by the
great majority of those most closely
concerned. For myself; T-waunld pre-
for that the remains of those whotdled
fighting shouid rémain
where they fell, and
With whom. they ware
with whom they died.” The British
decision to let the dead rest where they
feil- will cause Canadians and Ameri-
cans to realize the difficulties ahead
in the removal ‘of their
France.

Mrs. David Henry, of Morningtei’

 

in the land
among those

fighting and arter such lst

 

af which he shall then have netics, aod
that the sald Adwmirfistrator will not be lab
for the said” assets or any part thoreol 1
any. yofon, “or persons, of whos elm
gition shall not Dave been received by bg

detd from
The bride =

SOrge |

 

 

 

 

to follow} “Consistency, thou art @ yp; street,sAmherstburg on Saf: with white gilet, white Milbn hat {met with an accids hi INZPOM Tat the time of such distribution.
bal Vo > 4 for. {5 Epace; 1 [urday affernoon.® ‘See list «In tinis ye ON, and carried v.hita roge | her death, AE a en 4 SE Dated this 4th doy of June; A.D. 1919.
anking, yo 10 spaco, 1 re-issue. uds, Miss Emma Jacques, the RR ause be the brenk- re Cok Smiter i
win, Eh # ay -—e a Jacques, the brides- “fe of a linc-snap off theliorsels. bit. Rael ih
xm. Very Afruly,. - = a————— -
®. GONSTANT READER. | <_ GOSFIELD SOUTH. tn tar Y —e —e
McGregor, Juna-2nd, 1919. : - Arner. ofestes ofosfostesfesfertesfentest 0 . tate
Ed. Note—constant Reader. has} “nics Mary: Harriss {a a guest for a x ERR Bb lebetefelold Ce do a 0 2 Oe J Sa a
Kidded himgelf to the conclusion that yaw loys at Sylvester Brush's, Mal- ¥
The Echo {snk consistent, byconBis: | doy, —Aifss Ritchie [8° attending the
ing 1 sgue. There:is no“teldtjon- | panes: Western Association ‘at Woalk- |

      

ship between s\Vindsor'sstres nent of
{ts Industrial concerns, and its age-old
wrangle with the county. In granting
its IndustriegTeasonablo concessions it
helps Jtseify while in making and
brenking bargains with the county it
was trying to injure the county. There
{s no inconsistency in commending the
city for Jdooking. after its industrial
development, and critic zing it far re-
f

erville.—Arihur Brimner is somewhat
improved” after his recent {liness,—
Mrs. H. Montrose is spending a few
days with her sister, Mrs, Ira Agila. =
Air. and Mrs. John Harris, Alddie
and Clifford Harris, Mrs, B. J. Stad-
don, Mrs, V. Towmsend, W. Keyes: and
wife, Miss Maktel and Elliott Staddon
and M Crichton were guests atl .S,
t Brus Malden, on Sunday.—Mr, amd’
ing to play fairgwith the county of |3rrg Chamberlain, of Thamesville,
dex, The iwo policies are quite dif-13n4 Earl ‘Chamberlain, of Windsor,
ferent. Phe wonderful agricultural} zirendad tlie funeral of the late John
development -in Anderdon township | Higgins, on Thursday..—Mrs. Edgar
which is bound to bring its financial | Toglemire is quite {IT at present. —Mrs.
réwards to every inhabitant in years | jason Adams and daughter Frances |
lt6 come, from the establishment of the | ware week-end visitors at Mrs. A. Ad-
Brunner, Mond tliere, ought to line | mg'= Ar, and Mrs. L. Wigle motored
the township up behind any fair pro-|is Galt to attend the funeral of the
position the Compiny may make. The | jate Dr. BE. T. Eede. a:
Bcho still thinks that the township's E =
attitude should really go one better .
than the city of Windsor towards its BOWLING NOTES
{ndustries—for Anderdon is just’ that] “jy y yrogpaden and Dr. Abbott won
the knives Friday night.
Dr. Abbott and Capt, Hagen won

much more enlightened. The market

for garden stuff and farm produce

whicli¥wil be opened up by the B. Milq. hopin and the forks Tuesdsy night.
Co. will enhance the price of every | puis was the first game Capt. Hagen
pound of butter, eyery dozen of BEB | svar played, and the way they mopped
and every hend of poultry there in aun" thair opponents’ In’ the final game
very short time, not to speak of other | oo "ch ameul. ©

  
  
    

      

  
   
  
      
    
     

      
        
 
      

       
 

   
   
  

 
   

  
 
 

    
    
     
   
   
   
    
     
   
  
  
   
      
  

     
 
 

    
   
   
 
 

 
   

    
  
 

 

  

  
    
   

  

  

   

  
  

 

  
  

 

   
 

 

     
   
  
  

   

    
 
  
     
  

  

   
   
    
     
 
  

 

  
  
  
 

   
 
 

 

  
  

    
   
    
    
  
    
  

  
  
    
  
   
   
 

   
     
 
  
   
  

   

to property. no God—nothing—but
chaos a8 a preliminary to perdition.

Fow, indeed, would want such a state Miss
of affairs. To our mind the #urest|age. daughter of Mr.

way to combat thi condition is to de- Fitzpatrick, ‘of 0! ;

port to Russia each and, every person | at Burrits" R

who favors such a cont ition. _ Makg| Three otha 0
tio flonrishe;

At the fulle

the family ass
THE Flizpatrick, 25 years

Ww. J.

 

   

round

   
  
   
   
 

 
  

vhile canoeing. |
! oe

   

  

that they may enjoy
extent.’ wea

ertengeeforierfestefortesfentectectecdeole

BUY dA 8B

     
  

 

     
     
  
   
  

 

   
   
   
    
    
     
   
   
         
  
  
    
   

  
     

  

    
  
 

 

ROO

 

 

© AGOOD BROOM FOR =~ * i

      

   

 

 

 

 

 

/ o
Re 5 3 Time ' wisn | produce which will be required by the A rar A
A Le \ LAS No Loss of Time. us = fembloyses fue Ewing of Word IN MINISTRY 48 YEARS. 7 . 3
’ i i p: tch tht, no spare tires. | table supplies within the township to : x 1 . 3 _- 1
4 5 a ey Thy Se > han a con. | supply the B. M. Co. and Steel Corpor-| Rev. Samuel Salton, one of the old- > , . > wh |
" ? stant worry when Dayton uirless tires are absolutely sure in | ation is bound to come, as are algo [est clergymen in the London Meth- [of lI was able to secure only a limit d . 6 Blt, UE
» V every respect. usd oo winsiia dali op we Big | Other large industrial concerns which |odtst conference, 18 retirfng, and will Fon le quantity of these household |
v "every respect. LiSles ‘sims | will bevattracted to the district served |be granted suporannuation. He LEE necessities. No more than two will be sold to each |
i : “ ) by the Essex Terminal, and in time | present stationed Bo ar] , be! 5 £ ‘10 edac
an t Go Wron L to come wall pay nearly ajl Ander-|minister on the ‘Sylvan circuit, Mr. \ custo » . vat Sie
. i C ‘ Se, 4 y : don’s tax bill. If Anderdon hci In a | salton has, bass in ihe ee 5 mer at this Drice. 3 !
Ln ae £: tod in overy town In Essox County. spirit of fairness and. good Will to-|years. Ha will move ndon_an J . : A - “aero
yo Agents Wanted in every EET ee wards its initial Industry it will have | may asain, bo identified with First | 7 Bets Faithanks . z =- a A : : |
ge ite-or Phone i : : its effect on inducing other concerns {Methodist cl 38 cs > FS " a > pe ;
oes Yhatg * } . , : to locate there. If Amherstburg had A FEATHERED QUADRUPED. = : Clairette Soap...50¢ k 2. Boxes Quaker Corn oA a : |
»r . - P | - A any chance of taking the. Brunner, 3 — . : a od % ! Flakes ) a
i [J Ld > Mond into TO Soild A freak chicken has been hat¢hed 7 Bars Standard Soap for ...50c Krimbl ¢ L BR
: a5 TATE ew at any concession within on. White Wyandotte resus { ps =
Tia : Distrtbuting Agent for Essex Co. eho wtll] thinks a unanimous vote for ol Ln ar of dr ; x . ) ; es or Post Toasties.... eee 500 !
- This tire is sold in Amherstburg by W. H. Jones &Son; in Leamington | the by-law ought to be given. The chicken 95 possessed of four legs 25 ; any : aM
. i by C: D ond  re— and two beaks, All\four legs are ac- ; ; MR |
wi “by H. N. Fox ; in Harrow by Carey Drummond. Bidtwo nda Sigal of i Crack dC CE 2 iF tin oH
" iia —_ The Savannah News thus describes | oh Nod on, tN Ked Lorn and Chick F eon
J— EY = | Bolshevism: “No state, no churches, | gy Coy ag to he able to rear it, as a - E ox a ‘eed 2! SR
. The Metagama docked at Quebec.| Coney Island, pleasure seekers this|no schools, no marriage laws or fam- |g oo og chicken | : te . oo re
“but [year found beer 16 cents a glass, ice | ily institutions, no business, no Hghts | oo piem” oe making 3 SS with

 

  
   
   
   
  
  
   
   

 
 
 
 
  
  
  
         
       
 
