1

 
    

     
   

 

   

     

   
    
  
  
   
    
   
 
   

  
 

  

November

Municipality of the Township of Anderdon,

—

 

 

By-Law No. ——

A BY-LAW to authorize a certain agreement made betwe.
tric Power Commission of Onfario and the Nia on pdr. Elec.
Township of Anderdon, and 4thep Municipal Corporations, for the :
struction, acquisition, equipment and operation of an Electric Ralls
under “The Hydro-Electric Rallway Act, 1914," and amendments theres

Wherens it 18 expedlent that the Corporation of the Townshi
and other Municipal Corporations should enter into an Torashin of Auteritar
Hydro-Electric Rallway Act, 1914,” and amendments thereto, with the Hydro
Electric Power Commission of Ontario, hereinafter onlled the Comm |ssion
for tie construction; acquisition, equipment and operation of an Elects
Railway in-and through the Municipality of the Township of And, rdon, § a
certain other Munfeipalities, upon the terms and cond tions and sub, SE
the provisions set forth and contained in the Agreement set out in He
JAW, "4 Secording to the routes Bet forth in Schedule “A” 0 the sa
agreement. Be

And avhereas the estimated cost of the work under (ho s TORRE
jz $2,100,000.00; and whereas the portion of the cost Parent ie Fy
acquisition and equipment of the line to be borne by the Corporation of the
Municipality ofithe Township of Andgrdon is estimated at $143 00, as 5
out In Schedule “B” to the sold Agreement, subject to adjustments and
apportionment between, the Corporations by the Commission from time to
time; as provided by the sald Agreement; ; 3

And whereas the total amount estimated to he r
» of the rallway, apart from operating expenses
opel 1g revenue being estimated. at $491,000.00), ¥
tenance at $339,00000. {

And whereas the total annual amount estimated to bé required for the per-
ind of ten years immediately following the date of {ssue of the Bo S to
soucd under the sald agreement for interest on the-sald

for sinking fund charges is $18,490.00, and for
swing the: said ten-year period” for Intorest |g $ and for sinking
is $21,000.00, and for the period of ten years following the sald thirty-

sriod for Interest is $12,660.00 and for sinking fund is $2,610.00, £

le’ Municipal Corporation of the Townsnip of Sandwich East, the Town:
«hip of Anderdon of the sald annual amoun:s estimated to be required for
maintenance, sinking fund charges and interest fs estimated at $16,967.67
for the first ten years as aforesaid, and for the next following thirty years at
17 130.23, and therenfter at#$10,188.32, on the same basis as the pontion® of
the cost of construction and equipment, as aforesald, subject to adjustments
and apportionment between the Corporations by the Commission from time
to time as provided by the said agreement:

And whereas the amount of the whole rateable property of the Corpor-
ation according to the last revised Agsessment Roll is $1,485,841, and the
ount of the debenture debt of the! Corporation is $50,934.26, of which
{ther principal nor interest {s in arrears:

And wheras only a portion of the Municipality of the Township of An.
derdon, as enumerated in Schedule “C” to the said Agreement, is served by
snid Railway,

Therefore the Municipal Council.of the Corporation of the Township of
Aniderdon enacts as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for the Corporation of the Township of Anderdon
and the sald Corporation is hereby authorized to enter into the following
agecment with the Hydro-Electric Power Commission of Ontario and other
Corporations, the sald agreement being hereby incorporated into and forming
a part of this By-law, and the Reeve and Clerk of the Corporation are hereby
aulliorized and directed to execute the sald agrdement upon behalf of this
Corporation’and to attach the seal of the Corporation thereto.

Only those duly qualified property owners in the Township of Anderdon
» district enumerated in Schedule “C' of sald Agreement shall be en-
1 to vote on the By-law, and any rate required to be levied fof payment
{ debentures or interest thereon shall be raised, levied and collected from
“le ratenble property in such district only.

Made, passed and entered this

 

 

red for the main.
(3 $134.000.00 (the
and operation and main-

 

 

 

 
   

 

mds 3 § Bb.
period of thirty years

   
   

 

  
  

 

 

 

  
  
 

in

tit

 

AGREEMENT HEREINBEFORE REFERRED TO,

This indenture made the day of
the year of our Lord, one thousand ning hundred and
sen p

THE HYDRO-ELECTRIC POWER COMMISSION OF ONTARIO (here-

iter called the “Commissign™) of the First Part,
and .

The Municipal Corporation of the “Township of Sandwich East, the Town-
lip of Sandwich West, the Township of Anderdon, the Town of Ford" City,
1 Town of Walkerville,sthe Town of Sandwich, the Town of Ojibway, the
Town of Amherstburg, and the City of Windsor, (hereinafter called the “Cor,
poirations”) of the Second Part,

Whereas plrsuant to the Hydro-Electric Railway Act, 1914, and amend-

ts thereto the Commisplon fs requested to Inquire intd, examine,
gate and report upon the cost of construction and operation of an
ric rallway or railways to be constructed through certain districts in
lh the corporations are situated, together with the probable revenua tifut
would result from the operation of such railway or rallways;

And whereas the Commission has furnished the corporations with such
a report showing (1) the total estimated cost. operating revenue and

\penses of the rallway or railways, and (2). the proportion of the
anital-cost to be bornesby each of the corporations as set forth In schedule
‘D” attached hereto; - . “

And. wheread on receipt of the sald report the corporitions requested

Gomafssion to” construct, equip and operate a system of electric rall-
vs (hereinafter~ealled the railway) over thesroutes laid down in schedule
attached herctojupon the terms and conditions and" in the manner here
in set forth;

And whereas the Commission has agreed with “the corporations on
alf of the corporations to constroft, equip and operatds the -rajlway upon
iw torms and conditions and In the manner herein set forth; but upon
ho express couditions- that tle Commission shall not fn any way be liable
enson of any error or omission in any estimates, plans or specifications
any finanefnl or otlier obligation or loss whatsoever by virtue of this
sementsor arising out of thé performance of the terms thereof;
And. whereas the electors of each of the corporations have assented
5 by-laws authorizing the cbfporations to enter into this agreenient with
tis Commission for the construction, equipment and operation of the rail-
may as ald down in the said schedule, subject to the following terms and
Lions worl Ale Corporations have each issued debeptures for the
malints.gét forth in Schedule “B"” attached hereto, andj hate deposited: the

suid, debentures with the Commission; 1

Now, therefore, this indenture witnesseth:—
1. In consideration of the premises and of the agreements of. the cor-

| 5 { V. p id Act
poratiol 1 fn contained, and subjectito tite provisions of the said .
pried nena thereto, the Commission agrees with the = corporations

pectively:—

(a) “B6 construct,
1 which the corporations are situ

(b) To construct and operate

"y WAP. . :
ee ~ issue bonds, ms provided in paragraph 3 of this agreement, 0

cove tructing and equipping the railway;

a a far oe poaibio first-class modern. and standard equip-
ment, for use on the railway. to operate this squipuelpiso as o Eivgthe boot
survle mmodation possible, having regardito the distr 8
fice and oe and PEIN adopted and all other equitable coms
fi e all due skill and diligence go as to secure’ tue
a I service of the railway consistent with good manage:

ment; 3 po ne
12) To regulate and fix the fares and rate

ruilwa vice;
3 ns oF alli asens of oe and property of the railway for all purposes

(po) rofit. -
fron which 1k is. possible to obtof iy works of the rallway and the power

ert ;

ee ot i rere a combination La feasible ol may prove
nm “Bi {lway and the users 0 e power lipesi +

Oe to De and Gbtaige Interchange of traffic with other railways

vliore poss ble; A “ ,
: i i Rs ae or energy for operation of the ranway, at
rates consistent with those nara Le porting sxpomn: al
e C
works — rig Seod by the railway In comvion with the Sih
it lon's, trangmission lines-fn a fair manner, having regard to the service
furnfshed by the: expenditure under consllariil, ofitha railway and any
r even 4
oll Ula £00 the undertaking to the payment ot operating

 

 

  
  

 

 

 

  

equip and operate the railway through the districts
ate on behalf of tiie corporations;

the railway over the routes lald down in
< )

s of toll to be collected by. the

 

 

Charges for {nterest and sinking fund on lh >
deductions as are herein prov H ter romalning an annual’ su

from apy revenue therea % 1
for on A works belonging in whole or in pirt to the under
fina : v - A rations, it deewenl advisable by
nually to tho © adertaking, any surplus that. may

To pay over an!
mentioned. Tia division of

tie Commission in the interests of the u

a afer ovine, or bo fixed by the Commission on an

oration to the capital
£9 y gard In the case of each corp
hi bis I oa nod, the comparative benefits daiyed, and, all

other like conditions; - o of constructing, equipping and’
one ID) To take Active SLODS for the pr dato after the sxacution of
perating the rallway at the en tha ddientures 08

; the deposit of
1brk agreement by the co 4 mence Joperaion of ench
cilled for und LALA 2 (b) hereof and to com!

: fon;
‘ection as soon ma possible after Ie Cone rallway de
24
ds may appear !

le from time to tim
Provided ‘part of any
orerated by th lon, the Comission 5
rinning rights over any steam rallway, 3

) ~whorever tho §
oi ny part sting” ocenr in this sgssment | “a .

nition.” “acquired
promises and of
for itself, and.

     

    
  
 
 
 
  

    
 
  
  
 
 

chase, lease or ODiin
hE ptroet

is

maintain

and we

Dortionme
(bh)

natun)

at a

wind

    
  
   
  
  
   
 
 
  

such

  
   
   
   
     
  
  
    
 
  
 
 
 
  
    
   
 

described In scheule “A
o ;
10 bo constructétand

s “construction”. "th A t

thoy she 1 be lin

 

  

the Commission, ag provided for in clause 4 hereof,

such rates y

Comminslon in jg my or remium, and on such terms and conditions as the
railway, the proceeds of such, J on shall deem to be In the interest of the
lerein contained. The amoy ehontures being used solely for the purposes
disposed of from ka ae dabentutes of each corporation: sold or
the Commission of the tota) a hall ‘be such proportion as may be fixed by
to the capital invested, the TL oF Aobentures dys regard being given
and other caultablo COR ore » th comparative revenue derived,

C 0 1} Yr a #

\Eones oF bist a oem. ox ar shasaent with, and to grant no bonus,
without the written consent of the Cor a) Fay or. transportation tompany

(d) To keep, observe and { Ninigsion
tions set forth fn’ ig a per oI the covenants, provisos and condl-
popformed by tk B lent Intended to be kept and observed and
Es od ie Eyrporations, and to execute puch further “6% other
mission for the Ti Shel bylaws a8 may be requested by the Com-
agreement: I of fully effectuating the objects and Intent of this
LA oe frie > free right of way for the railway and for the power
6 reine oa=be A Sy on over any property of the’ corporations upon being
bis ATO} Oy En lon, and to execute such conveyance thereof

q teh oe rar J thereto As may be desired by the Commissfon,
or ay 3 a tet u arid the Commission Is hereby authorized to create
en EE oes at « A sstie of bonds, and to dell or dispose of the game
Plann. OL ae Tors ons. Such bonds to be charged upon and secured
aroperty ats hel tho nssety, rights, privileges, revenues, works,
the rafiway cc Baila thereto or held or used in connection ‘with
amy nay ered, acquired, operated and maintained by the Com-
schedule oP harap See Ben and io be for the total amounts mentioned in
Sadun horete 3 Sonods provided that the Commission may, upon
34 A ne ul a herein defined of the majority of the corporations,
Ever he a I ess ssue by any amount necessary to cover the capital
the said 1 Ing the rallway, and may also without such consent Increase
Se sild bond issue to cover the cost of additional works or equipment of
any kind for use on the rallway to an extent not exceeding ten per cent.
Pigs) of the bonds issued from time. to time. In order to meet and pay
eh ols aod interest a8 the same becomes due and payable the Com:
4 on sha in each year atier the expiration of ten years from the dhte
2 ine Issue oft the bonds out of the revenue of the railway after payments
. opi rating expenses (including electrical power) and the cost of adminis
ation sot Aside a sufficient sum to provide a sinking fund for the purpose
of re Ic : ng the same at maturity. Debentures issued by the corporutions
in compliance with clause 2 (b) hereof, shall, to the extent of the par value
of any honds outstanding from time to time, be held or disposed of by the
Commission in trust for the holders of such bonds as callateral security for
payment thereof, it being understood and agreed that In the event of any
Increase of the said bond issue each corporation shall, upon the request of
ihe Commission, deposit with the Commission additional debentures as
described in clause 2 (b) hereof, to be held or disposed of by the Commis-
slon as collateral security for such increase of the said bond issue, and that
any debentures held by the Commission in.excess of-the par value of the
outstanding bonds from time to time may be held or disposed of hy the
Commisslon to Secure payment of any deficit arising from the operation of
the railway.

4. In the event of the revenue derived from the operation of the under-
taking being insufficient In any year to meet the operating expenses (includ-
ing electrical power), the cost of administration and the annual charges
for interest and sinking fund on the bonds, and for the renewal of any
works belonging in whole or In part to.the railway, such deficit shall be
pald to the Commission by the corporations upon demand of and in the
proportion adjusted by the Commission. In the event of tire failure: of
any corporation to pay its share of such a.deflicit as adjusted by the Com-
mission, it shall be ldwful for gre Commission in the manner provided in
clause 2 (b) to. dispose of debfntures held by the Commission as security
for any such deficit. Any agrears by any corporation shall bear interest at
the legal rate, ’

5. Should any corporation fail to perform any of the obligations to the
Commission under this agreement, the Commission may, in addition to all
other remedies and without notice, discontinue the service/of the railway
to such corporation in default until the sald obligation has been fulfilled,
and no such discontinuance of service shall relieve the corporation in default
from the performance of the covenants, provisos and conditions hetein
contained.

6. In case the Commission shall at any time or times be prevented from
operating the railway or any part ‘thereof by strike, lockout, riot, fire,
Invasion, explosion, act of God, or the King's enemies, or any othar causa
reasonably beyond its control, then the Commission shall mot he bound to
operate the railway or such part thereof during such time; but the cor-
porations shall not Me rélieved from any liability or payment under this
agreement, and as soon ‘as the cause of sucli interruption is removed the
Commission shall, without any delay, "continue full operation ‘of the rif!
way, and’each of the corporations shall be prompt and “diligent in doing
everytiing in its power to’ remove and @vercome Any such cause or CAUSES
of interruption,

. 7. It shall be lawful for, and the corporations hereby authorize the Com-
fijssion to unite the business of the railway with that of any other railway
system operated in whole or in part by the Commission, and to exchange
efuipment and operators from one. systems to the other, proper provision
Leing made so that tench system shall pay its proportionate share of the
cst of any equipment usedtin common.

8. If at any time any other municipal corporation applies to thé Com-
mission for an extension of the railway into {tss municipality the Com.
mission shall notify. the applicant and, the <«orporations, in writing, of a
time and place to hear all representations that may bo made, as to the terms
aud conditions relating to such@proposed extension, If) on tad recommenda-
ion of the Commission, such extension shall be authorized, without dis-
crimination in favor of the applicant, as to the cost incurred or to be Incurred
for or.by reason of amy such extension, the Comnilasion may, extend . the
riflway upon such. terms and conditions as may appear equitible to the
Commission, J bea

No_such fpplication for an extension of ‘tha ‘railway. info any muni-
clpality the ‘corporation of which is not a party to thy dgrei ment sholly
be granted if it is estimated BY the Commisson that the edst of service
of The rallwpy to the corporations parties hereto will be heréhy Increased
and the revemie.and accommodation be {njuriously ‘affected: without the
written consent of the majority of tha. corporationg#parties hereto.

9. The consent of any corporation required under this ageoment shall
mean the consent of thejcounecil of such corporation, such consen~ being
in the form of a muniéipal by-law duly passed bythe council of the
corporation. a :

2 To. The Commission shall, at least annually, adjust and-appattion between
t» e~carporations the cost of consépuction, equipment, operation, interest,
sinking fund, and also the cost:of renewing the property of the raflway. :

11. Every rallway and all”the works, property and effects held and used

in connection thge ;

i pe
in such amounts, at

   

  

  

 

 

ewith, constructed, acquiredl, operated and maintained=b,
the Commission under this agreement and the said Act shall be vested in
<herCommission on.behnlf of the corporations; but the Commission shall be
cntitled to a lien upon the same forall money expended by the Commigsion
under this agreement and not repaid.«

12. Bach of the corporations covenants and agrees with the other:

(a) To carry out the agreements and provisions herein contained:

(b) To co-operate by all means in its power at all {imes with, the Com-
mission to create the most favorable conditions for the carrying. put of the
objects of. the agreement and of the sald Act and to Increase the revenue

»f the railway and: ensure [ts success,

13. In the event of any difference between the corporations the -Com- |*

fix a time and place to hear all a

may be made by the parties, and the Commission shall adjus
is es and .snch adjustments shall be final... The Commission
shall have 11 the powers that may be conferred upon 4 commissioner ap-
nointed under dhe Act Repecting Enquiries Concerning Pablic Matters. x
“14. This agreement: shall continue and extend for a period of fifty years
from the date hereof, and ag the expiration thereof be subject to renewal,
with the: consent “of the corporations from time to time for like periods
of fifty years ,subject, to adjustment and re-appointment as herein pro-
vided for the purposes of this agreement as though the terms hereof had
hot expired. | At the ‘expiration of this agreement "the Commission -shall
determine and adjust the rights of the corporations; having regard, to the

mission may, upon application,

amounts paid or assumed by them respectively under the terms of this agree. |

) such’ ofer considerations as may appear equitable to the Com-
it a are approved by the Lieatenant-Governor in Couficll.

15. It isjunderstood and agreed thd the rates imposed for the share of
the cost to be borne by those municipalities listed in Schedule *C* attached
iiereto. shall be imposed upon tha rateable property set forth respectively in|

Eh sald OR) fhe shall notfcome intoreffect until it has been sanctioned

utenant-Governor in Council. . . = ;
1s He whereof the Commission and the Carporationsihinve respec-

{ively affixed thelr corporate seals and the hands of their proper officers.

: SCHEDULE “A". #
, % tg
vl _ Routes. = ol
CH- D SECTION: -
LL ln the line runs northerly along side the nighway to
Askin's Point on Lake St. Clair, where=it turns due west along Lesperance
Road to Woll’s; private right of way {s then used to the end of Ottawa Ave-

and then along the said avenue to the easterly limits of the Town of

Ford Clty. ¥

: ECTION: Ey 3
i Tt limits of Ford City the- line extends along Ottawa Ave-

Jue. Strabane and Sandwich Streets tothe westerly limits of the municf-
pality. we rs

KERVILLE SECTION: : ng
ay 5 2 extends along Sandwich Street from the easterly tho west.

Ty of ¢he Municipality. A second line, extends: al ttawa Strect
or n and Walker Roads.. A third“ line extends from the
Perminal Railway tracks at Walker Road, northerly to. Wyandotte Stree
opd west on otto to the Munio} oun between Walkerville and
A fourth line extends northerly trom Wyandotte along Dovonshire

en asumption and Victoria Ronds to intersect the first line above men.
; : i]

tioned, on Sandwich Strept. © Lo ;

WINDSOR CITY, SECTION: iow Bh 0 5 al
tonds westerly along dwich Street from the
iol iho Town Walkerville to Bim Avenue and tn So
ap the sald avenue {0 Lon A arly f
alkaryillo boundary.
o exiends. south

x

   
  
 

  

 

 

   
  
 
 
 

   

0

Race Track hak la

In. set | erly on London

Agracy

Wo Jino ‘extend:
: 2 Road.

THE AMHERSTBURG OHO.

"To the Editor of The Echo:—

-$146,000,000, and Ontario $354,000,000,

Come in now, select something fro
laid awa
or choose from our Catalogue so. ¥

       

IS

   
    
 
  

  

 

SCHEDULE “B",
Total

suad by

NAME OF MUNICIPAL miss'vn under

   
 
 
  

 

CORPORATION. 4 ('lnuse 2 (h)
Township of -Sandwloh ‘Baal. ov. ovitiieirsiii dave ss va deni on $260,685
Township of Sandwich West .. 251,670
Township of Anderdon . 143,636
TOWD OF TOrARCILY. vi... ro stir eine em mts eid sy rel ... 64,682
Town ol= Walkerville, 2.00, i ivi sts apts Bon ms sale edi ns . 200,940
Town of Sandwich... Er SE oy ed Fr, , 262,173
Town ofcONway., , ...\.. on ivi vee 44,615
Town: of Amherstburg.,......., er 126,867
LoL] LL a Tb Far ri» ic 746,132
Total amount of bonds to be {gsued mentioned in Clouse 8... ..,$2,100.00

The Hydro-Eleotric: Power Commission Ds]

of Ontario }
Seal

|

| |

 remerrme——

nn

P

Er CA BBE inis + 2 pi a0et v/a un win Shvisiuietets Seal |

Reeve |

ra on Eat Re |

Clerk ren]

NOTICE.

TAKE NOTICE that the foregoing I§ a true copy of a proposed By-law
of the Corporation of the Township.of Anderdon to be submitted to tlio votes
uf the electors on the sixth day of December, A.D. 1919, between the hours
of nme o'clock In the forenoon and five o'clock jn the afternoon at the fol

lowing places: Polling Sub-Division Nnmber 1, at the Town Hall, wit}
Anson ‘Pettyplece as Deputy Returning Officer; Polling Sub:Division Number
2, at the school house in School Section Number 4, with A. J. Golden as
Deputy Returning Officer; Polling Sub-Division Number 3, at the school house
in Public School Section Nnmber 2 & 6, with Francis Monforton as Deput:
Returning Officer; Polling Sub-Diyision Number 4, at John B. Dufour's res.
dence, with Gllbert Jeandoin as Deputy Returning Officer; and that the 5t

day of December, 1919, at 3 o'clock In the afternoon at Raymond Rocheleaun

residence In the sald Municipality, has been fixed for the appointment of pe

sons (0 attend at the polling places and at the final summing up of the vote

by the Clerk. ‘

And that if the assent of the electors is obtained to the said pronosei
By-law it will be taken into consideration by the Municipal Council of the
snld Corporation at a meeting thercof to be held after the expration of one
gaid Corporation at a meeting thereof to he held after the expiration of one
month from the date of the first publication of this notice, and that such first
publication was made on the fourteenth day of November, A.D. 1919. ©

And further take notice that a tenant who desires to vote upon Said
proposed By-law must deliver to the Clerk not later than the tenth day before
the day appointed for taking the votes a declaration under The Canada Evi
dence Act that he is a tenant whose lease extends for the time for which
the debt or liability is to be created or in which the money to be raised by
the proposed By-law is payable or for at lenst twenty-one yéars and that he
has by the lease covenanted to pay all Municipal Taxes in respect of the
property of which he Is tenant other than local Improvement rates.

A. C. MAILLOUX,
Cler’,

ee —— ie Ale EE HEH,

— — we — - —

VICTORY,/LOAN 1919.

 

throughout the-length and breadth. of
the land the pubilc could not have
been aroused to the need and virtues
of the loan, : p

The editors of Ontario have done
particularly wells The sales organ-
jzation Is of the opinion tiiat the ser-
vices rendered by the press this year
hag been more generous and more
effective than that given in connec.
tin with any previus Moan. For this
wo have to thank) the -mevspaper pro-
prietors and editors all over the
vince. Not once during the campaign
have they fallen short of the demands
made upon them. They have respond.
ed to every fresh call from Head-
quarters,

Our belief is that the work done by
the Press in supporting this and pre-
vious war loans will prove to be
bread cast upon’ the waters.
return to them in the shape of new ad- |
vertising. The. financial world has at
last learned the value of newspaper
publicity. In the future, as never be-
fore, brokers will resort to preiis pub- |
last two loans [ssued in Australia |licity in the sale of Government, mu-
were forced flotation. That is’ to |micipal and cempany securities]
say, the “people were “compelled to W. J. Taylor, President of the Can-
purchase according to_their-abllity, adian - Press Association and Chair-

In more than doubly subscribing the |man of-the: Dominion Press News and |
Victory Loan ‘1919 our people haye {Feature | Committee, joins § me in!
once more demonstrated the economic thanking 45% newspapers of. ‘Ontatjo
gourMess and fentinl . wealth of [most heartily for thé splendid man-
the nation. They have advertised the |ndr in which they have supnorted this

 

When the Canadian Government
requires money tlhe people do not re-
spond with a stope. In this year's
Victory Loan campaign, the Finance
Minister asked for $300,000,000, and
the public has subscribed $673,000,000,
When, the returns are complete. the
total will probably exceed $700,000.
000. Of this sum Toronto has rajsed

or more than one dollar for every
dollar subscribed ‘by -all the rest of
Canada. Every one of the units into
which the province was divided, has
exceeded the objective "fissigned to
it. Some of them have “Subscribed;
their ob ective many times over,

The character of this achievement
is best! realized wheén it is compared
witli what has been ac¢compliched In
other countries. The. last Liberty
Loen In the United States was
a comparative faflure. The Jast Brit
ish’ lonn was far from successful, The

 

   

Dominion throughout the world as a yeais camp: BIL: :
country ‘which readily -riises. great Yours sincerely, =
sums of money .even under difficult » F.:D. L. SMITH,

Chairman, Ontario Press

ost-wan, conditions. ]
: ’ News & oFeature Comittee,

The Press has had a great part in

this year's overwhelming success. > EA. -_— E
, Fines amountimg to $1,850 were;

enforced one nines Wallaceburg: men |
as the result of the raids of Inland |
Without the cordial| Revenue Offleers. Lamont; and“ Con-

the newspapers | stable Peters. |
; y

 

Sir Henry. Drayton, Minister of Fin-
ance, places It first amongt the factors
which made the campaign such a com-
plete triumph,

co-operatlpy of

   
 

 

»

Christmas

 

x

[t is not too

x

 

 

our stock and it will be

will have time to secure

 

» { 2 a ida > a Fi 5

amount of
debentures to he ls-
respective
posit with the Com-

  

————

carly to remind our pa-
trons that there is no Christmas gift
that is appreciated more than
A Piece of Furniture

 

   

Mersea Council. a

y Monday, November 17th,
Council met pursuant to bydaw. All
members present. Minutes of last
meeting read and adopted. £5
A certificate was received

 
 

  

    

Alex. Baird, C.E., engineer under the
Ditches and Watercourses Act, that
Melvin Lumbler has completed the
portion of the Geo, Graves Award
that Lemuel Sloan was awarded to
do, and wus entitled to be pail $95;
and that his additional fees for in-
spection and certificate amounted to
$15, chargeable to Lemuel Sloan, own.
er of the 8 ¢ cor,'Lot 2, and » pt of lot
3, Con, §. ar,
Moved by

  

  

Mr. Seleningion, sce

 

Issued to Melvin Lambicr for $95, and
to A. Batrd for $15, a, and
above, and if soid amounts ars mbt
pild upon notice, that tha clerk
charge same on the collector's roll of
1920 with 7 per cent. added therato,
fn accordance with the provisions of
the Ditches and Watorcourses Act—
Carried. ; Z
. By-law No. 72 appointing the time
and place for holding the nomination
amd municipal elections for 1920 and
appointing deputy returning oflicers
and, poll clerks therefor -was given
the required three’ readings and
passed, ¢ N

Mr. Willan réparied the comple-
tion of the Ernest Walkor tile drains
in. a satisfactory manner ar a total
cost of $1,665.10, -

Moved by Mr. Lambier; secondnd by
Mr. Whittle, that the treasurer pay
over to Ernest Walker $996.60, and to

Jagon Collard was present and re-

uested the council to place gravel on
+ very bad plece of road on the bth
‘on: near the Lebo Creek, the {nter-
28ted parties would do one-half gratis.

‘Moved by Mr. Willan, seconded by
Mr. Lomdfer,, that this councH pay
Mr. Collard $1.60 per load up to 40
loads,

Archie McIntosh, Frank Armstrong
and a number of other ratepayers
from the 10th and 11th concessions
addressed the council requestmg =a
grant to gravel the 12—13 slderoad
from the 8th con. north to Big Crenk
they would be willing to draw a por-
tion gratis. §

Moved by Mr. Willan, seconded by
Mr. Lambier, that this council grant
$2.00 per load. for gravel placed by
the parties on above road, up to 200
loads, the work to be done under the
supervigion of the Commissioner or
he pathmaster of the division—Car-
ried,

Moved by Mr. Setterington, second-
ed by Mr. Whitgle, that this council

make a grant of "$25 (o the Essex and
Kent Corn Growers’ Aaftclation.—
Carrled. it ED

. ‘On motion, the following accounts
were paid: Thos. Goslif, for allow-
ancg for ditch incorporated In the
Wigfield drain, $2220; Wm. S. Wig- >
field for damages by earth from Wig-
field drain, §24;° Thos. Manery, for
ditch incorporated, for bridge and for
damages, $93.85; Wm.  M. Wigfield,
for damages by ‘earth from Wigfleld
drain, $13; Peter Derhyshire; for
ditch incorporated in Wigfleld drain,
$8; Mersea townbhip, for ditch Incor-
porated in Wigfleld drain, $103; Geo,
Cowan, for fencé viewers fees re

it wil |Sloan and Beacom ‘award, $2; Gordon

Reld, ditto, £2; W.'J. Fox, ditto, $238
James Laughed, for drawing gravel
on Union Sideroad, $42; .C. Stobbs,
for five sheep, worried by ‘dogs, $60;
James Falmer, for two sheen, Nod
and threo yorried by dogs, $65; re |
ris. MeMuilin, for ditchiaw on Little «+
Lebo, $14; S: E.. Watson, for ditching
on! Watson 8. R., $0.50; Frant Arm: 4
strong, for repairing bridge over BIR 4
Creek, 10th con. road. $2;

i Jason Col- Td 2
lard, for drawing gravél om 5th eon. of 5

rand, $37.95. : o

Council adiourngil. =
~~

Hon. G.,P- Graham, with Mrs. Gras
lam, hes returned to Biglund aftdf
vigiting the grave.-of his son in
France, He stated that heiwas most
favorably Hmpressed with the care

taken of the war, graves, adding that

the work of collecting those bodies
biirfied In scattered places and rever-
ently srelnterripg them In cemeteries
had been colo8sal, and had ben cars

ried out with great care, ng

»

Giving

 

ne BT Seis

 

 

onded by Mr. Whittle, that cheque be =

the inspector, Mr. Willan, $4. A

         

 
 
          
            
 
    
 
   
   
 

     
        
 

 
     
 
       

    
 
 
  

ug

Tap

 

     
   
 
      
 
        
             
     
         
       
       
     
 
         
          
       
    
        

        
    

 
     
         

    
     
 

          
    

    
       
        
   
   
     
 
  
    
   
   
  
   
   
   
  
 
   
   
    
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
    
  
    
   
 
     
  
   
    
   
    
    
  
   
   
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
 
 
  
    
 
  
    
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
  
  

     
  
