PAGE SIX

FR ous MERSEA. Anderdon Council, GOSFIELD SOUTH.
! Word hay paen recolved that Isaac Saturday, June 28th, Tuesday evening of last wnek Ever
Watson pay ied away at Fortage la HEN USING Council met on the adjourned court | arp Ofley, 8rd con. west, went over (0
Prairie an Tuesday, June 17th. Ha J y kh of revision on the assessment roll. All| pig neighbor's, Stmley Wright's, to go
wai 4 I0MMiar resident of Merses NE - Ces members present. with Mr. Wright's people to the evan:
| township but hug been In the west for / Ww i (Ye), | wd novel by 3. papst swmeds by gellstic service at Cottam. On the
T. enau that Aunron 10mas

way they discoverei Mr, Oxley’'s barn
in flames. Mr. Oxley had been In the
barn a very ‘few -ninutes before he
left home and everything was all right
then gbout the promises, Mr. Oxley Is

many years. Ha jg survived by two) VU 4 Ar. , th

sons, William, te pontiac, Mich. Roy, | li asgessment be reduced to $900 on
of St. Thomas; fouy brothers, Enoch, land; that George Heaton be assessed
of Wheatley; Solompn and Howard, of ! as owner of the 5 % of lot 6 in the

Mérsen; Joseph, of Leamington, and \ READ DIRECTIONS | fH CAH

All Treatments Proved Useless Until
He Tried SFRUIT.A-TIVES™

two sisters, Mrs. Alzora Gibson, of A DF 1 RO! & smoker, and a8 no man Was
Wheatley, and Mrs, W, 7 Wickwire, X CAREFULLY AND Heaton's assessment bo confirmed; working for him, there is no explan-
of Romney N= FOLLOW THEM / that George E. Pettyplece's name be [gation as to the origin, Tho barn was

Lobe -— ee : v 8D) EXACTLY struck off the roll; that the Brunner,
~ / Mond Canada, Limited's assessment

Ww HEATLEY, be increased to $350,000; that Kenneth
Borrowman be put on roll as F. S.;

i that Allen Golden be assessed as own-
Far more effective than Sticky Fly er of the § © pt. of lot 4 in the 7th con,

Catchers. Clean to handle. Sold 44 and re
: R. E. Golden's name he struck ‘off
Druggists and Grocers everywhere, tho! Tolit that A102 Difoors eae

— ment on n 1% of the in e 3% of lot 14

es in the 7th con. be reduced to $9256;
WINDSOR. that Charles Whalen's aggessment be
confirmed; that the i e 14 of lot 11

Sergeant George Macnab, of Wind-|in the 4th con. bo assessed to Mrs.
for, who served with the “Old Con-| Maxime Beneteau and the assessment
temptibles” in the retreat from Mons | fixed at $1850; that the e pt. of lots
and other carly engagements of -— the 110 and 11 in the lu con, be assessed to
Great War, was married on Monday | Mrs, Thomas Kelly and the assess
to Miss Jean Black, at St. Catharines, | ment fixed at $75; that Androw Gibb's

As a token of appreciation and re-|jssesgment be confirmed; -that Henry
spect to the man. who has put the | Dupnis and Dolphise Meloche be each
Borddr Cities o nthe map as an edu-|aggessed for a dog; that Raymond
cational centre, the istudents of the | Rocheleau, Dglphise Bezaire, Ser.
Wiidsor Collegiate presented” F. P.| Beaudoin, Henry C, Odette, Ed. Drouil-
Galvin with’ a handsone gold witch. lard, Henry Burns and Philip Souligny

40x680—24-foot posts with an ell 26x40,
and cannot be rebuilt for $2.600. Sev-
eral pleces of farm machinery, a
wagon, binder, a calf and 150 bushels
of ‘oats were consumed, as well as a
silo about half full of ensiloge. There
is an Insurance on the building and
contents of about $2,000.

SAVE THE CHILDREN

Mothers who keep a box of Bahy's
Own Tablets in the house may feel
that the Yves of their litle onus are
rxacnably sale during tie ho: waath
er Stone trouble, / cho'wa In
fantum end diarrhoea carry off thou-
sunds of little ones every summer, in
must cases because the mother does
not have u safe medicine at hand to
glve promptly. Baby's Own Tablats
relieve these troubles, or If given oc-

Wednesday afternoon of list weok
L. Charlesworth and C. A. RDjckford
were emptying roofing point from a
leaky barrel into another in the old
house at the hardware, wheL ape it
a match to see if the paint was all
out, An explosion immediately fol-
lowed and the clothes of both were
set on fire when the whole interior of
the building begume a mass of’ flames.
Both men recéived immediate medical
attention. Their burns are exceeding-
Jy painful. The fire gained consider-
able headway in the building before
help dared to rush in, fearing other
explosions. When the bucket brigade
went at it they soon had under control
a fire which looked next to impossible
10 extin gu ‘he loss to 2 building
and ill amount

MR. JAS. s. DELGATY.

R.R. No. 4. Gilbert Plains, Man,
“In the year 1910, I had Nervous
Prostration in its worst form ; was
reduced in weight from 170 pounds

‘to 115 poudds. ered by | 8 dred Rejiars, Tout i3teay: Layding the stay of Win or Col- f each “have one og struck off—<Car-| 4:ionally to the well chill will pie:
The doctors had no hope of my a ~n Ate Insp tor the 2 aby ™ ried. + | vent. their coming on. The Tablets

1i ¢ sults attained during the ry A, = a ‘! roming - I pi
recovery, and every medicine I tried TEAR AGTONT Hous ae Bt tor ag High 2 Moved by Mr, Renaud, seconded by |. vo guaranteed by government an

hiools in | Mr, Re ‘najid, that the minutes just read
srn Ontario, reports t the or- [4s revised and corrected be confirmed

jon of the Windsor school is fiand this court do now close.—Carried.

; . Councll Mosting
Sidney ~ Stenlake,” Windsor Council met weal

s killed last Saturday [all members pr
in" dn ‘automobile Moved by Mr. I

harmless even
They are es.

avist to be absolutely
to the newborn be
pecially gond in mmer because
they regulate the bowels aud - keep
th sweet I pure. They
» medicine dealers or hy
1 box from The Dr. Wil

: proved useless until @ Sriend induced
pb { me lo lake “Lruil-a-lives”. |

} I began to nrend almost at once ;
and-after using this fruit medicine
for 8 or 4 mor

town, Is
successfully
edicnl exam-
Ity.

Manery got
of lis left

3g lon. with

seconded by

50¢. a box, 6 for (
At all dealers or sent p
receipt of price by Fruit-a-tives
Limited, Ottawa.

208! fh prohibit
for co
prohibition, 7.73:

1, 246,104;

repairing bridg: Side Line; SI: for
\981; for

Philip Bondy, $10, for scraping on
south Side Line; Albert B. Fox, §8, for
raping. on front 1; Thomas Be-
$5," cutting {s on Tth con.
ting weed n Sth con., and $8
cutting weeds on South Side Line;
Valter Bondy, $40, for 3 shéep killed
and 3 wounded by dogs; Bdwin Bail-
sy, 326, for. one eap killed and 3
wounded-by unknown dogs; R. Bene-
teaw, $14, for one sheep killed by dogs;
Ivan Warren, $14. for one sheep Killed
and one ‘wounded by dogs; Jerry Fry-
er,”’$3%7, for one sheep  killedhand 7

ded by dor and’ A. J Bondy,
for repairing @ over the
te drain

muanee,

seefeelefeefeofeferferieferfesle dele fetes deseo

Now is the time to buy

WALL PAPER

Do your wall papering begare
the paper hangers get fbus Sy
with the spring work.

See J. J. SINCLAIR

Dalhousie Street,

jons and
tendaod

Haml

uncle. »
The wedding
Island

at the

DETROIT MAYOR IN
_FAVOR OF SUBWAY

Alay ond

presented a pe-
ewer o the front

Hob a ve

| BE Cbs a

Newman, C.E, (o make
bable cost of
have the neces-
nection therewith

a car isimiot brand n
investment.aGood ca
finding their
floor to be sol
a car h
a few
best, unless it h
paint [8 not as
mental value
You can Wuy a se i
dealers and-private owners who
their cars in The* London
Autos, and
eo you

jme
groom

AMEND CRIMINAL CODE
IN REGARD TO CRIMES
AGAINST WOMANKIND

lave the
2nd con, to
ont and im-

Jondy
atte drain
1e Detroit rive
praved
Moved. bg Mr
irette,
ed 10 notify J. TL Newniain, C. E.,
ake_.an exami ation and report
on sald proposed w I Curried. ou
Movad by Mr Saenire, seconded Hy
Mr, Renaud, that the members of this
counetl’ g warrant-for $6 each for
two ay ttendance on the ‘court of
revision on the assessment roll; Ed-
mond Drouillaurd, $10 balance of salary
ag assexsor, $4 for two days attending
court of revision on thé nsaessment
roll,” and J 1 Gleason $10, for halt
3. sal us, janitor of the town

or two,
has been

. Mr. Cal
ns recovered
taken: to her home,

dorsed by
ertsor
the ¢

, son of Rev. Dr.
ently returned from
i in, Mor-

the

nioney! ' Eve ntually,
drive an automobile,
out now, with«a good us
get your new car when You have
come a 8 one d ?* The reading
of “Atuomobile” 1 in The Lon-
don Free Press tell yoli where to
find the best bargains in Western Qn-
tario. Read the Want Ads in The
London: Free. Press, X

_— _-—
PELEE ISLAND ROUTE

on mn

the

and to :
mia. en

man antl
read
by a vr

H Jasperson's.
Ex- MBor T 9 Salmoni, who sold
his Tigme a couple Of weeks ago to
Fai mith, {8 moving fo. Cedar

[ ummer montis and will
have. erected o is lot + slde of
Division strast a fine residence at a
cost ofsabout $10,000. Oxley Bros. aré
the contractors.

EE an

COLCHESTER NORTH.

New Canaan.

The 7-year-old son of Walter Trem-
blay had a parrow escape from death
by poisoning on Monday*of last week.
He” agcldentally drank a quantity of
Gillett's lye. Medical ald was’ sum-
moned, and the antidotes * given.
While his mouth and throat are very
badly swollen, it is thought he is out
of danger. ~ v ve redid

’ Elford.

Waltér Teskey, a former resident of

this section, passed away-at the home

ne! Son * concurred
> 45

-

Se

Moved by Mr. Charette, seconded by
Mr. Bezairg, that by-law to aménd By-
law No. 568. prohibitingsthe ramming at
large of all cattle, horses and hogston
the highways be erad a first time.—
Carried,

Council went Into commiftee of the
whole for the second reading, -Mr.
| Renaud i the chair, . By-law read a
second fim Councll resumed for
third reading.

Moved bs Mr, Papst, seconded by
Mr. Charefte, that by-law. be read a
third time.~—Carried, and by-law read
a third time and passed.

Moved by Mri Renaud, seconded by
Mr. Charette, tliat by-law for the ap-
pointment of a township treasurer be
read a first pime.— Carried. Ry

Council went into committee of ‘the
whole for the second reading, Mr.
Papst In the chair. By-law read a sec:
ond time with blanks filled in withthe
name of Alphonse Drouillard at a sal-

HARTLEY DEWART NEW LEADER.

H. “Hartley D
wash C I 1
party inthe Feria) af
vinciaFCibéral convention
Yast week. Three hundred and twelve

RL delegates voted on tide. selection,
which 3 by aecret ballot Major
Tolmie was Mr. Dewart's rivalsin the
fiald: of five, two of whom dropped,out
on the first ballot “when they were
aware that” their election was imposs-
ible. Wm, Proudfoot; K.C., temporary
leader; J. C. Elliott, Major Tolmie,
Mr. Desdart and omas McMillan, of
Huron, were nominatedsin turn. The
voting on the Vfirst ballot stood:
Dewart, 147; Folmie, 97, Ell'att, 37;
Proudfoot,~~.23; and McMillan  &
Messrs. Proudfoot and MeMijlan then
withdrew from the contest, and on the

n brook
A_ team of hors d
A and in the niixup !
under chin

sjitches He is recov

pg from

¥

Stanley Wightman, BA. of Brad-
ford, has been appointed principal of
Mitchell High school. to succeed John
Elliott, BM., who 18 retiring from the
profession after 40 years’ service. Mr.
Wightman's sal will be $1,800. He
{5 a native of Essex tounty; a gradu-
ate of Essex High school, and. wag
formerly = principal#of™ Continuation
schools at Teeswater and Blenheim.

At the meeting of . Central Lodge,

STEAMER

PIE EE

TIME TABLE, 1919

Taking Effect April 1st, 1 5
Eastern Standard Time. Mo

second ballog thie vote wag: .Dewart, | No. 402, A. F. & A. M,, on Tuesday |of his daughter, Mrs. Henry Walton, |ary of $90.60. Council resumed for ] MONDAY
158; Tolmie; 121; and Elliot, .24. The [evening of last week, A. O. SUM®TS, | at Avon, Ont., on Friday. of last week, third reading, Leaves Hhesvine Sn ..5.00" o.m
delepates from “Essex: county were:— |P. M., installed the officers for the |from dropsy, after an illness of about | Moved by Mr. Bezaire, Seconded by or West B Island;

Arrives West -Doock
Leaves West Dock .

Scudder No, .,
Arrives Leamington

6.40 a.m.
2.000 a.m,
7.40 a.m.
9.00, am,

Mr. Renaud, that by-law be read a
third time —Carried,, and by-law read
a third time and passed.

coming term as follows: LP.M, S. H,
Sadler; W.M., H. R. Johnston; S.\V,,
A. C. Ransom; J.W,, H.-L. Martinson;

North Essex—S.jDacharme, M P:P¥ H.
Charron, Miss Chevalier, Mrs. Du-
chiarme. Essex South—N;. B. Buck-

six years. Deceaséd was in his 82nd
year, and was born in Ireland, coming:
to, Canada when 12 years of age, and

land, L. Pi Wigle, M.P.P.; J. D. Fras- Ses. J. Middleton; Treas. R3J. Shaw; | settling near Avon, where he resided | Moved by Mr. Bezaire, seconded by Loves Bihgsuiiie 9.46 am.

er, Mrs.. W. H. Neville, Mrs. Wesléy]S.D., J. S. Laird, ir; ; J.D, W. Martin [t{1] about 25 years ago, when he moved | Mr. Renaud, that A, J. Bondy‘and | Leamington ha np

¢ Link. * |son; 1G. S. P. Green; Tyler, I. G, |go this section, remaining here till | Francis Monforton be appointed Aud- | Arrives Scudder 3
Ea °F Sadlen;, Chap. Rev, H. Millar. two years ago, when he returned to |itors to audit tle Treasurer's accounts West Dok... .. L005 Le. 30 p.m.
GOVERNMENT WILL DO .NOTHING| «Mrs, J. R. Oliver received word last} avon. He was'twice married, his first | from January 3st. 1919, up to date.--| eaves wast Doras d
r— Ca week that her brother, Raemer Wigle, | wife dying’ 48 years ago, and his | Carried y Studden Sola.m.

Arrives Leamington
Kingsville J.
Leaves Kingsyille *

Leamfngton
des oirmien

"Move
Mr Eez
urday, July

of Big Rapids; Mich., was seriously ill,
and had been brought to Harper hos-
pital, Detroit, for an’ operation. . Mrs.
Oliver spent a few days in the city,
but the doctors have “been unable to
operate so far, on account of the weak
condition of the patient. Mr. Wigle
will be well remembered as a former
resident of Essex.

‘Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Miller, of
Moose Juw, Sask. announce the mar-
ringe of their niece, Miss Henrietta
May ‘McLeod, to Arthur W¥lie Keith,
on Wednesday, June 18th, at Moose
Jaw. Mr. Keith, who served as
science” .master--on the Essex High
school staff some years ago 18 now
inspector of schools in the Duck Dis-
trict in Saskatchewan. . Mr. Keith
spent a few years with the Princess
Pats in France, being wounded in the

Mi Papst, - seconded by
tia’ we adjourn till Sat-
ith, at 1 p.m, —Carried.

—e lM

LOAN COMPANY CLOSES ‘DOORS.

gecond wife thirty years ago. He Is
survived by one son by his second
wife, Thomas Teskey, of Elford, and
two .sons and two daughters by his
first wife, Henry, of Elford; Julius, of
Leamington; “Frances « (Mrs... Henry
Walton), of Avon, and Celia (MTs, Jus.
Francis), of London, The funeral was
held on Sunday afternoon at Avon.
Among -those who attended the fun-
eral were Hamy Téskey and family,
and Thomas and family, of this sec-
tion, and Julius, of Leamington.

GOSFIELD NORTH.

Cottam.

Mrs. William, Dalton has sold her
g-acre farm on the Cottam Side Road
to E. G. Bowers, the consideration
being $6,000.—Word has been recelv-

00 a.m.
5 wm.
p.m,
p.m.

To Stop Sandsuckers.

*35 Dr. J W. Brien, M.P. South Essex,
backed by J. E. Armstrong, M.P. West
Lambton, protested in the House of
Commons at Ottawa last week, on. a
motion to. go inta supply, against the
threatened destruction of 10,000 acres
of the most fertile fand In Canada,
namely Pelee Island and Pelee Point,

“the Canadian bird sanctuary, by Amer-

ican sand companies, Dr. Brien sug-

gested that thie Government pass an

order-in-Council to prohibit "the ex-

portation of sand and gravel 10 pre-
=a serve the island.

Mr. Armstrong in supporting Dr.
Brien, sald that the question was one
of national Jmportance. There were
20 boats operating and * they were

. taking away 30,000 carloads of sand

Arrives

Leaves West Dock,

The Stanadard Reliance Loan Com: | Arrives Amnersthury
pany, whose pripcipal branch is at ai
Chatham; closed its doors on Wednes- y
day of last week and much ‘anxiety oaver Arty or Dak) ne
was caused to depositors and others. | Atrives West, Dock, Pele. 3
G T. Clarkson, official liquidator; has
made a forecast of thé windiug up ot
the affairs of tlie company in which he
stules that the depositors will be paul
in full, also the band-holders, while
the shareholders will recelye at least
a part. He says, however, that wréualiza. |’
tion of the assets of the company may
menn the lapse of probably ten years.

ori A .00
for Souddor and Main Shore" 8 Noon

Leaves Kingsville FpAY y

Leamington . |
Scudder

8A
Leaves Kingsville run

per month, or 240,000 carloads in the | war, and returning to Canadag, last ad hare that Mrs: Leroy. The feature of the liquidation of the Leamington
5 Mrs. y- Phillips, of Arrives §
eight months in operation. ‘He em-|year. “He gave’ up his school inapec-f5C Thor “ar "Fe Sl 0 Lie | company fs that a new. reorganized West: Dock

company under a ‘board of directors
appointed by the creditors and share-
holders will be formed to deal with | This ti
the assets. There are approximate’y | °us notice.

torship to enlist as a private and on
his return was given back his former
position.

Leaves West Dock
for Scudder and Mai

phasized that if gravel was-to be tak-
mo table subject to chan

en away IL wes needed in Western
+ Ontario.

from her recent illness, and expects to
visit her sister here shortly.—While
playing at ‘Cottam on Monday, Ells-

Hon. Arthur Meighen explained that worth Orton, the $-year-old son of Ham eserves
5 n the
wena i be sanwiom. [SL Sienna eno ae aan Sareters meered on he cal pS Ste, it
v ot : : Te
+ Peleo Island. save in bo for as the| Hamilton Trumble, former Windsor hand so badly injured that it was ne-| company, Most of, the sums are in d ta prop

cessary (o amputate it close to the
hand. The boy is getting alorg nicely.
—Capt. P. R, Hadley and wife (nee
Isabella Montgomery) arrived. at New
York from overseas on June lst, and
are expected to visit relatives here as
soon as the Capt. receives his dis
charge from the U. S, forces. Mrs.
Hadley has received her release—At |gons were injured and a number of

the Methodist parsonage on Wednes- | buildings were damolished, by a tor

day afternoon, Rev. C. C. Kaine united | nado which struck the outskirts of |

three figures, ranging from $200 to ; iinications to Vindsop

$1,000, plthough some are as high as | Scudder p. - tario, Ship Co., Limited,

$60,000, but these are exceptions. ~~ [4- N- § §,
emt Mf tame

‘FAMILY BLOWN AWAY,
1 KILLED, BY TWISTER

One ¢hild was 5 Killed, several per-

. lighthouse and park were concerned,
far as he knew, neither of these
had been injured in any way by the
greration of the sand companies. The

alderman, Friday purchased the Chap:
pell house, Sandszich, one of the oldest
hotels in Essex county. Mrs. Henry
Chappell, owner of the property, who
has managed the hotel for more than
gravel owned the property on which | halt a century, is 86 years old. , She

they were operating, and could not he | will reside in a new home after ‘July
interfered with unless it was proved|7th, when Mr, Trumble takes posses-

that oy were actually fsuring the ston.
i The marriage of Miss Vercy Pal-
liner. daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Jas. [in marriage Susan Cowan, daughter of | Empress, a small town near Medicine
Pi r, and James Donnelly, son of | George Cowan, and Herbert Cprder,|Hat, Inst week. The tvister picked
through the Sous; ves Mayor and Mrs. in H. Donnelly, of |eon of Thomas Carder. all of Afbuna. up a raflway car in which the family
HEE a Tey wis quietly solemnized on They were attended by. John Carder | was living and carried © some dis
y of last weak at Our Lady of |and Violet Cowan. They will reside | tance to a coulee, ol te
mpt' Succor ch by Rev. 3B. on the Colin Ryall fm in Gosfield was
FR und" Donnelly will | North. . The Echo joins in offering

smashed. A five:
“and: Eh the
or. $ . | congratulations. * | By ere are. 2 *

A le Amiersthirg In the finest percale and made in the Newest Styles
he work to be [ bddbddlodbbdobb XH With wide side openings. Sizes : : 36, 38 and 02
n under Sec. of the Local — | ode
1ent Ac + ——
A by Mr. \arette, seconded by Buy a Used car ole y
1 e clerk be instructed Don't harbor thie 1d x FR & CLARKE, [td

F¢ 18 Pitt Streef East, WINDSOR.

August, Beginning July 10th.

SAT URDAY
And Get Your Share of These

The greatest wearing silk and lsle hose on the market, We

lave just secured a large stock of these fine hose, in all sfza
colors. Ladies’ Silk Hose, 10 shades, $1.65 pair. Ladies’ Lisle

pair. Men's Lisle Hose, 50¢ pair.

We are clearing out some
sred voile with of Ladies’ Neckwear, ani

1
lines
Made of embrolde

pretty collars, Sizes 36 to 44,
organdie, pique and gi

neckwear on Saturday,

A real bargain at $1.00.

buy 'em for $2.95 a pair.

Ladies House Dresses | Trimmed Millinery |
52.39 A fine assortment of nlge

trimmed hats in the new gt
cfg doesn't need | Turbans and broad bri
» pretty and prac- | hats. Made of splendid
Well made of | and tagel braids, and t

Bir gh am or perce
med. Size
51 in stout

urday fdr $2.98;

ee
+ BUNGALOW APRONS, $1.25

Pleo ORR

Waist Special, $1.00 | Ladies’ Neckwear, 25¢,

>, nicely trim- | with ribbon and French Mowers:
Also 41 to [#All our $7.50 values going Sat.

Come to Palmer & Clarke’

BIG SPECIAL BARGAINS!

EA
i

: Big Hole ‘Proof Hosiery Sale
x

%

8 and

Hoge,
black and white, regular apd out sizes, 76c. Men's Silk Hose, $1.00

:

are’of.
fering a c harming assortmeng of

ham

Baa rere ape ad 1 § is soup 3 1) SE —————————————————————————————————
and -crushed fo a mn as a ley a Sl at 0 I Jjuse red ‘ine Co, Brockville, Ont, |e . 5
Ey § aresult of fb adopted. Carri. % | Flannelette Blankets, $2.95
Lar jee cream fuc part of Mor- | Moved by Mr. Dezdire, seconded by : ” : i anneietie dle S, V] 4% per air:
i of#.a coroners | Mp Charette, that The Echo Printing The final fig sin the balloting on Lh y
Brno Morkin yes at [ ‘Co. get a. warrant for | Mquor licens in New Z d show 4 x
: year's contract for aumnlority of 10.205 vote: Iavor of |i. Campers! Now Is the time to secure -blankets for that (rf
as solen nized at Jacob Renaud, 3 o a. conti nce or the licenses. The 4 ; at trip
n church “Tues- nls ed: Alfred 1. Tremh $10, for follows: ‘Ivilfans, for continu- this summer. In grey or wiiite, double bed size, Saturday you cup

ha |
fe ojo ofe fase ofenferfasts ge rfusfeafenfecfoste sd

: Store Closes Thursdays at 1 P.M. during July ull

A EEN LUCE A

I

= A 3 ries

Patriotism
an

Profit

— Ps .
It is patriotic to buy. War - Savings
" Stamps because Canada - must” have

money for reconstruction.

vesting in Government Bonds yieldiaz
over 41, 7.

You don’t need to be a capitalist. You
can start with 25 cents. . Buy a Thrift

; nu 4 Stamp for a quarter. When you have

Cr 8104 sixteen of them, exchange them for a
War Savings Stamp, and you will have

In June , laid the foundation of a solid sinvest-

W-S.S. ment with your odd savings.

Cost $4.05

You can add te this investment as often
as you save $4.00, and in 1924 the
‘Government will pay $5.00 for every
War Savings Stamp you buy now for

This is the biggest opportunity ever af-
forled to wage earners to become in-
ors.

Make Your Savings Seive You and
ever this sign 5 Serve Your Coy faves Them in
. displayed. =. hi Savings Stamps.

does not need new
shoes every time you
meel with a puncture or cut. Our work in

VULCANIZING

will last as long as the tire,

1

rrr

TPIT

¥

To |

cpa

