  

  
   

Kelly Tells How Lydi
E. Pinkham's V
Compound Restored
Her Health.

Newark, N. J.—“For about three
years | suffered from nervous break-
down and got so
weak I could hard!
stand, and had b
ig every day. i
tri everything
could think of and
was under a phy-
sician’s care for two

Joins A girl friend

used Lydia E.

hn Compan)
le Com, an
she told me about
it From the first
day I took it I began
to feel better and
now I am well and
able to do most any
kind of work. I
) have been recom.
7 mending the Com-
pound ever since and give you my per-
mission to publish this letter.”’—Miss
Ra KELLY, 476 So. 14th St., Newark,

The reason this famous root and herb
remedy, Lydia E. Pinkham’s Vegetable
Cempound, was so saccessful in Miss
Keliy's case was because it went to the
root of her troable, restored her to a
normal healthy condition and as a result
her nervousness disappeared.

THE ECHO

= Published by

THE ECHO PRINTING CO., Limited
JOHN A. AULD, A. W. MARSH,

 

   

 
 
   
          

 

 

  
  
 

4 ‘ President. Sec. Treas.
EL "FRIDAY, MARCH 21st. 1919.

i The Minister of F

CH has given notice of

4] viding for a weight

the bronze cent. Tt
order to make provis
age of a smaller

er coin in circulatior

be current and a leg

——

According to the annual re
the Public Accounts just 153u¢
was collected at the port of
burg as customs duties for
ended March st
$184,529.67, the ex
lection being $8
Windsor, the cus
$7,217.059.12. and
iection $

 

   

   

 

 

Great ‘ir

 
 
 

 

 

Great B

that Pre

fer with the French Go

a view to immediately

on a ch unnel in order 1o absort

  

the unemployed “demobilized men, Be-
sides being the big project evar
attempted by Great Britain fo solve
the guestioh of unemployment, it is
viewed alzo as a bid for big business
on the continent and closer linking up
of the Empire

 
   

 

   

 

  

‘The "report of the Postma
eral of Canada for 1917-18 sliow
there were 12,622 post offices in opera-
tion In Canada on March H
new offices t
ing’ been
The number of

« the reason for (
case having been th
was rendered unn 3
the establishn of Tural ma

route Ti

iat

 

 

{1 deliv-
tional
shed

   

      

     
  
 
 
 

> number of
money order

   

   
 

over the previ ye
ber transacting sav
was 1,318; an Inc of 6.
ount of money withdrawn from

The am-
Post
Office Savings Bank accounts, and the

 

 

number of accounts closed,  avere
greater than in the ’ preylows® -ycéar
while a smaller number of new ac-

 

counts were opened. This {8 believed

     

     
  
  

10 haye been due to the fa that the
money was used for the p 1ase of
Victory Bonds The number of ac-

 

st;

 

<coutts ning open on Mar
1918. w 12 and the balan
the credit of depositors was $41,

    

 

      

   

         

478.84.
—_— ee
KINGSYILLE.
Mrs Mayme Ulch 3 sold her 30-
acre farm. opposite the Golden prop-
eppy. section road to Jr Gregary,

who has been tiving upon it, tor $5000
Mr. and Mrs, { les Anderson an-
nounce the marriage of «their
ter, Florence Julia, 10” Frank
tison, of Highland Fark, Mici
flay. February 22nd, 1919.
Milton Wigle underwent
opera
days ago as a
ceived after
gressing favor:

  

    

 

 

a serious

 
    

     
  

It of an injury re
enlisted He |8 pro-
bly. His mother, Mrs.

 
  

(ow days,

Word was received here Tuesday
of last week that EA Case. of Detroit,
had passed away after an fllness ex-
tending over some months. Mr. Gase
whe a son of the late Leroy Case and
is well known here.” He. married a
daughter of the late Job Malott, of this
town, who survives him. The remains
were brought here “and Interred In
Greenhill cemetery on Eriday

Mrs. Brimner, wellkifown In this
town, died at her home in Detroit on
Monday evening last. She was elghty-
two years of age. The family moved
from here about twenty years ago to
the city where Mr. Brimner, one son,
Prank, and one daughteryMiss Mollie,
died. «This leaves but one of thee
family living, Miss Margaret. One
brother, Joseph McBonald, of this
town, also.survives. Deceased was in
town some weeks ago and jt _was
noticed then that she was growing
very feeble. The funeral took place

 
  
  
   
  
   
 
  
  
   
  

 

 
   

     
 

 
  
  
  
    

Watock.—Mr. apd Mrs

    
   
         
    
       
     
       
     
           
     
 
     
 
      
    
 

James Wigle, has been with him for a f=

 
   
    
 
     
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
       
     
     
   
  

11y ind Expe taf nm 1
ploased to state that for 1910 hey are
preparing to distribute into every
township of Ontario material of high
quality for experiments with grains,
fodder crops, roots grasses, clovers
and alfalfas, as follows:

List of Experiments for 1919.

No. Grain Crops. Plots.
1—Testing two varieties of Oats. , 1
2—Testing O.A.C. No. 21 Barley and

  
  
   

    
  

 
  
   
 
      
 
     
 
    
        
 

BMMer ......svcicersiviyvny 1
3—Testing two varieties of Hull w 4
1083 BATIOY ... erases |
4—Testing two varieties of Spring
Wheat. .. hc icndeionin. ns 2 I m
6—Testing two varleties of Buck- |
WHERE" vise nh Pon [
6—Testing three varieties of Field . |
eT Ti LL Ho NF 3
Testing two varieties of Sprin A splendid array of new and distinctive styles are here for your inspection ang ap.
8—Testing three varieties of Soy, ® z 2 .
Soja or Japanese Beans, .... 2 proval. The new one-button sack is a particularly smart model for the youthful dresser,

      
  

9—Testing seven varieties of Flint
and Dent Husking Corn, },... 7
Root Crops.

10—Testing three varieties Mangels 3
11—Testing two varieties of Sugar

with the one and two-button D. B. models a strong second. Many, smart pattern effects,

aso blue Cheviots and Serges from which to make your selection.

     

Mangels 2
12—Testng three v les of
Ti Te bo OR I a 3
13—Testing two varieties of Fall
Turnips re LE 2
rieties of Carrots 2 . J 4 I

 

I4—Testing two v

Forage, Fodder, Silage and Hay Crops
15—Testing and planting of Corn at x » \
six distances In.the row..... 6 ee - -
16—Testing three varieties of Millet 3
17—Testing two varieties Sorghum. 2

 

 

 

  

18—Testing Grass Peas and two var-
jeties of Vetches......... ae [J] [J
19—Taesting Rape, Kale and Feld 9
Cabbage rr eS S ew
20 three varieties of Clover 3
21 two varieties of Alfalfa 2 -
22—Testing four varieties of Grasses 4 ;
Culinary Crops. | 25
23—Testing three varieties of Field v3 May Be Chosen at $8.00 0
Beans 3 :
24—Testing tw
corn. . oo 2
Fertilizer Experiments. Whether for school or dress, wear serviceability is the first requisite of suits for boys
25—Testing Fertilizers with Rape., § "
Miscellaneous Experiments. A: _§ Mothers will find in these new spring assortments garments of dependable fabrics, the rea)
26—Testing three grain mixtures for [4G 7 3 : : ~ :
Grain production ............ 3 VE worth of which will be apparent immediately upon inspection, and prove itself in the wear
30—Testing three grain mixtures for
Fodder production .......... 3 These suits are of attractive mixtures and Blue Serges, and the workmanship in every jj.

The size of each plot {5 to be two
rod ng by one rod wide.

Any person in Ontario may choos@
any ONE of the experiments for 1919
and apply for * same, The material
will be furni d in the order in which

tions are received, while
ach applicant should

    
 

stance shows the care devoted to the making of all our boys’ clothing. There is a big

 

Suristy Brod Clothes

OADIC

 
 

variety of smart models from which to choose,
Priced at ..:

 
 
   

 

the appl
the suppl¥

    
  
     
   
 
 
 
 
  
 

make a second ices as the material
t “selected ms first

exhausted before

5 received. All ma-

Boys’ New Reefers

shed free cf charge
and the produce
beconfe the property

wil of

 

course

   
   
 

   
  

   

of the person w Hs i the per For Spring Wear
t write me and

   
 

fully should give
» county in which he

 

ou

In the most wanted Fabrics and Styles for the Coming Season
cE ALSTS0 to $18

College

Itural

 

   
  

  

    

  
 

   
 
   

 

      
     
 

 

      
   
  
   
  
   

    
 

 

 

  
  
 
  
  

Guelph, March, 1919 f
— Bl -
GOSFIELD NORTH. LE
.]

North Ridge.

R. Chevalier has moved from the 5 a a
John Rose farm at North Ridge into
Mrs. WW. Montgomery’s house in, Cot- il - an 1] S *
tam, lately vacated by E. Affleck.—R.
H. Millen, formerly of Cottam, but 3
living at Union, Elgin county, for some LPS : i

ar on Tor eons in the Newest Young Men's Models. ST.THOMAS, =

siness at Port Stanley, and has moy- HAMILTON, 2 3
ot a a Le gach. Boys who aré contemplating a change from short to long : , OWEN SOUND, oo
Farioh the past week with pneu. | Pants should see thése models. They have all the style of the LONDOV, PETERBORO 4
monia ow ing an 5 a i of infers, young men models, but proportioned to suit the boy. They are WINDSOR AZ :
and is still In a eritical con pC ie % x :
Russdll Mont nery, ss ats ; beautifully tailored gqrmeny, Elving 2 2 | a %
uk at Hot Bia two weelis ago for and fitnsh that is sure te please. Prices... ! 0 —_—" ;
appendicitis, was brought to home : A [« Y g Wi
on ~Wedliesddy. apd [87 recovering 4 F Cc T 3 R ; A N D HO L ESA (8
nicely from” same.=J%S. Billig has scotch Gal ines T 3 Ss { y 1 . : :

So bu oles Rill hag Sm, hardines Top Coats, Damp Ray nster Water ! HA Mm ILTO N, ONT,

on Talbot street to sdn, Arthur G., : y go En :
for $16,000. A. G. also.purchases the type ...ov.: $35 & $40 Conts we $20 to $30 THOS. 2 ! DEN,MNGR. WINDSOR STORE

J. J. Cascadden, |
nding thé winter ’
eof the | r's father, Geo
zr, left heré-on Monday of
for thelrhomé in Wynyard. Sask,
-D. R. Jomes«#nd Miss <A, Jones re-
turned hame from Detroit last week,

who | 2 been

81
sp

 
   
 

 

 

 

last | o-

 

 

brought against it by George
on the ground of new evidence,

“WINDSOR.

 

BUY
Z

   
  

 

     
     

   

    

rallway heer summoned tp appear
in potice court to answer to a charge
of-driving-dn automobile without lights
on Wyandotte street.

Teachers of the Windsor Collegiate
day night requested the

 
    
  
 

at Windsor. The Yacal me
missed the charge apainat
then brought actos against Br
way to recover $21,600 damages

malicious prosecutisn® and wr

 

{strate qls- |

 

Robert Haggins took possession of the —- 1 - R/ has come to light while 7 az]
‘ 8 8 I here are 2,172 biles oy 2 virile an appe

J. A. Rose farm last week. Mr. Hag aE rpr fre ST (automeb doy > a the railway i3 pending in the Supre

2 Hy \ ~ sex county, according to the is8ders of | ~ =
gins will reside in the D. R. Jones - wv auto: licenses: in Windsor Court of Canada, Jeanette wogaan'
liouse ‘for the present—A quiet weds vv, S F. B, Hayos, superintendent of’the | SBFIO¥ee of the railway, and was ||
ding wag solemnized at St. Pauls rec- © 3 Sandwich, Windsor & “Amherstburg prosecuted bg the srailway for com: ||
tory in eX on Wednesday evening | AY heads plicity in tieft from a refrigerator cur

ngs

PAQUETTE.
Roy O'Neil, son of E. J.JO'Nzil. wlio

of last week when George Alfred, son
of George Billing, of North Ridge, was
united jn -mbrringe to Miss Bdna M

ae, of Olinda. The young “couple
2 unattended, © They will reside on

  
  

 

 

   

 

    
     

   
 
 
  

“Standard War Flogr”

   
 

    
   

 

 

 

  
 

 

 

 

  
 

{lon Nie

Hol
present to tiie: connty | Rpiteld

refused to admit t

rean, France, till November 9th last,

: ¥ : I Sunreme Co
when he was taken fll with influenza | |

  

: Institute Mo
Robert _Haggins farm on the | Went overseas with the 99th Battalion, : > J a 8 arrest. Justice Lemox tried the case

Cameron road, which the groom's }in Mdy, 1916, returned home on Suns nd 2 Ly Ln f ihe ond pave judg forthe plaintl Ee J :
father recently purchased.  Thelr d8Y ‘afternoon, having (anded at Port. | Shar Jocredss this yeartand fix thee, “gy900 damages. holding that the J I
many friends will ur in. extending [1and. Main®, on Friday last. Roy went [8X mum Ary BL $2400 a oar WILL arrest had been w thot ~ roasonablo | Ji | i Ph
congratulations and best wishes, in|to France jn September, 1916, and was | omen te 8 being placed on the. oi q0 The case yas akon to the . ° LOO & SO a
which The Echo’ joins v in No. 2 Stationery hospital at Oat > Neal Baki atm of Windsor, | APpeliate Division. where! the de is t d La

|

|

 

a8 offered to

 

     

Wholesale Dealers in Grain and Seeds.

&¥dence, but al-

 

    
   
  
 

 
 
 
  
 

       
 

   

Ing with

 

subject, “Sore Aspects of

! a ne right ay its exwensive \
and transferred to England, being in| MBit yp throngh' hat | 10Wed the company to apply |

: i SFT s, 2 N | : sk ply #0 the
hospital in England till he left JLIOR Windsor in order that | sures below Fuk tri] ’
Ro at Shull - Aor the “Do enue road may be ox Rel lS Dn — HARROW, : ONTARIO.
daughterdn-law, Mrs. John Shuell, ined Cabalia_ road south tg way, and J. Ferar 3 58 ol .
were the victims of an accident about Gonne Lhe gravel road. It is plaintiff “The court in Sy Ty ote. - _—
ten o'clock on’ Saturday morning last. prog iter wi be docomod | protect itself agal Sr to | itl
They were drjvTng to Windsor in a Allan J. beock, o a Xe, deal- Saunders, i | }

[of

where a case ha

 

tap buggy, wit @ a rere nid) 0 : 2
Reastos dic Nl J ire Soclallsm.” took first prize” Thutsday (y=), 0% gad the HR nediatier)
Oldcastle, when the rear part of their| MERCIn tthe annual Assumption Col-|g. 5 Nr Ferguson Food 5 Appeal,” |
buggy was struck by a gasolihe motor legey oratorical contest, “held “in they oo 45 0" 0S Stice Clutg en.

Lg : college auditorium. Leo DeBarry took |,-rLed case’ 10 come Lefore the

car, driven by Oscar Levack, section trinl judge

 

 

foreman on the-P; M. Railway. The second and Danfel Wolfhan third
hind wheels and top of the. rig were Prin A short musical program was EE Ar,
broke: lie 30 3 - | rendered. we

Loy and Hk] Bort nas the Dr. L. Z. G, McCabe, a prominent SANDWICH $0UTH.

 
  
   

young Windsor physician and member

You Cannot Beat These

  
    
   

  
 

” a » i y
Gosh! How my back ackita!" the. Thce, head and. back. Mrs. Jong |Of the Healtn Board, engaged in al, Fire of Unknown origin éomypletely Priecs
ter influenza or colds the kidneys'and | Shuell was bruised across the hips. |£ome of indoor baseball at the Col:|, ne to David Ang Sonisuts he Men's lee ,
bladder ‘are often aflected—called “ne | The car struck the buggy with such |leFiite Institute on Tuesday, and be- far the Sth ¢ Robinson. on.his Alen’s Fleece-Lineq Shirts, req
phritis,” or inflammation of the kidneys. | force that Mr, Levack was thrown off, | CMe 80 enthused that he tried tof. 0 id a lon, Sandel ’ H uced from $1.00 to. 65e
This is the red-Hag of better | striking the side of the rail and lacer. | Steal second” with the result tha! he to » at midnigiv » Thursday, His Mens One-buckle Oye

stock, which was considered

the finest in the wunty,. wag PRR
destroyed. Eight Head of cattle ang
sever head of valuable forges, togath-
er with a few pigs and stiedp, ware
burned to death, only a tew head of
swine being saved. "The 1818 gonson’s
crop of hay and graid wag glso de.
stroyed, and several afHig best Jmple-
ments were burned. Mr, Robinson ese
mates his 108s at out $6,0000 It
18 intimated that he fire is of. ince.
diary origin, and the deme laid on a
tramp who was seen ft severy] duys

slipped and fell, breaking his right leg.
He was taken to Hotel Dieu.

Trustee T. C. Ray, chairman of the
management committee of the Wind-
sor Board of Education, and Inspector
Robert Meade were empowered Mon-
day night by the board to Investigate
the possibilities of selecting one of
the Public scijool teachers to have sole
charge of mentally deficient children.
Trustee Ray declared that he found
several such children, from 13 to 14
years old, mixed in with six-year-old
pupils at the Mercer street school.

danger—]|
be wise and check the further inroads of
kidney disease by obtaining that wonder
ful new discovery of Dr, Pierce's known as
a ei

e uric aci m the
and cures those pains, such as koe,
rheumatism in muscles and joints. ‘
“ Naturally when the kidneys are de-
ranged the blood is filled with poisonous
waste matter, which settles in the. feet,
ankles and wrists; or under the eyes in
bag-like formations,

rshoes, reduced from $2.75 to $2.25
-buckle Mackinaws, from $3.25 to. ... 8280 +
Men's Two-buekle Mackinaws, from $3.75 to $8.10

2 packages for. ,..........25¢

ating the side of his face and hdd.
All three had to have the services of
a physician to” have their injuries
dressed.

KEEPING YOUNG
Jatmeal Is Said to Ward Off Age—
Often 20 Years
Two noted scientists, by experiments on

animals, have proved that youthinlness de-
pends on the thyroid gland.. And that some-

Men's-One

   
  
   

 

fos’ od / | BN i i i J te fn

  

Special Seeded Raisins,

 

 

ri ‘Ley

Map
Pte Loar Sainidn (best quality)... ...,. 2... 4e

i

 

Granulated Sugar, 9 Ibs. for, : ; $1.00

‘Wednesday, interment being made in
: Greenhill cemetery. © i
3 3

THEY RAISED A PIG OR TWO.

 
 

 

   

mafn cars {s to feed it, and the proper food
1s oats.

| Oats contain more. energy food, more
food for the brain, more {ood for the nerves,
than any other grain that grows, And now it
secmsthat they alsoserve to kecpone young.

But common oatmeal {sn't good enough
for such an important dist, The rich,
plump grains alone are used in the makin,
of Quaker Guts, They are selected b A
siftings, and only ten pounds are obf
from a bushel.

Quaker ‘Oats means just the cream of
the oats made delicious. It costs but one»
balf cent per dish.

Made in Canada.

 

   

Lucy Biggar and Alexander McKen-
ney. 14 and 12.years old, respectively,
. of Walkerville, helped win the war by.
‘adopting the Ontario Government's
“raise a pig” plan. Friday the chil
dren each purchased $50 worth of
thrift stamps at the opening of the
atamp sale in the Walkerville Public
. achool. Alex. is the son of Angus Me-
~~ Kenney. formerly superintendent of
the Essex County Seed Farm at Am- bother me

not
(A

  

ment 1 have taken
SAT GVATY Wi
y y

  
 
 
 
  
  
 
  

  
 
   

ned

    
    
 
 
   

 

   

 
  

  

at her home, Funeral services were
held Monday morning at 11 o'clock at
the Tmmuculate Conception church,
interment following in St. Alphonsus’
cemetery. Surviving are three daugh-
ters, Mra, Alfred Rivard, Mrs. Arthur
Rivard and Mrs. Danijel Bertheume;
and one son, Edmund Parent. Two
sisters also survive,

There came before Justice Clute at
Osgoode last week a came for which
the counsel engaged could find no
precedent. DD, W, Saunders, for the
Michigan Central Rafiway, sought to
secure. 4 now trial on an action

) E

  

 

WHO DESN'T' voTE

 

 

Ex-Mayor J. W. Bolby,ot B
has commenced an elition for re.
forcing voting. He Doing opt ¢has in
the Inst election there Wye gjx thou-
sand eligible voters sho diq not go

to the polls. He woud mal,
to the citizen whethr ng le

qualification as a wiér or not. :
he chose qualificefon and did Hh
orclse his franchise he would place gu
fine of $200 on eery offender. Based
on last electlon.that would Certalaly
bring in a hugesum. . |

   
    
 

ER RMN RO FERRO RNIN ORR

 

thing in outs seems to feed that gland. Mrs. Charlotte Montreuil in the vicinity, ple of pri

; , uged 68. _Drices char gular
It appears that old age can bo deferred | years, wife of Treffle Montreuil, 182 PR Tiecessities in this store, © $84; for Li
many yeugd by caring for this gland, The | pjorre avenue, died Saturday morning | PENALIZE VOTER ¥ ; ER

 

     

   
    
   
  
   
 
   
   
   

     
   

   
   

     
   
