   
   
   
 
  

G. A. Brown has sol

business to Messrs,
Mooney, Hillman

After ap absence of ;

q A

Harry T. Clark, of Auld Tou, ir
was accompanied by hip wire

.|Leamington a visit on Fy, Le paid

urday. He is the son of Liy 43d Bat

Clark, who was engaged |
Con. ©, Mergen { In tarming on

ownghj hie
b, and which
8 now known ns the i farm. Mr.

Clark is now engaged iy t
he wholesale
grocery business at Aurgey ° i

A. McPhail has sold hy;
Geo. Parsons, of Shelbourne Fo ligt

  
  

   
 
 

Fletcher's Castoria is strictly a remedy for Infants and Children,

  

 

for grown-ups are not interchangeable,
a remedy for the common ailments of In
that brought Castoria before the public afte
and no claim has been made for it that
years has not proven.

What is CASTORIA?

McPhail has purchased
the house and lot at the Boutheast cor-

ner of Erle and Oak streets from the
McCrae estate, paying $3,600 for the
same, He contemplates erecting a
new residence on the lot in, the spring,

H. N. and Earl Fox, Rutliven;
Adolphus Fox, Olinda, and G. S.
Parkinson. Leamington, left the first
of the week on a two weeks’ motor

   
  
    
  
 

 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  

It was the need of
fants and Children
I years of research,
its use for over 30

       

    
 
   
 
    
 

trip to Montreal. ‘They crossed f
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor 0il, Paregoric, Canada into the United arene
) Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is pleasant, 1t contains Niagara and will continue the Journey
1]

neither Opium, Morphine nor other narcotic substance.
age is its guarantee.” For more than
been in constant use for the relief of Con
Wind Colic and Diarrhoea;
therefrom, and by regulating

us far as they can on the other slde.
From Montreal they will proceed to
Toronto for the exhibition,

After considerable delay and not be-
fore the dock here needed it" badly,
men were put at work

Its
thirty years it has
stipation, Flatulency,
allaying Feverishness arising
the Stomach and Bowels, aids

     

repairing ft
the assimilation of Food; giving healthy and natural sleep. Jnst week. The Government fs ghow-
| The Children’s Comfort—The Mother's Friend. ng no disposition to be lavish in its

expenditure. In fact it Is [nclined to
be miserly, as the repairs consist
chiefly in replanking the dock, where-
as it should be extended into deeper

4 his taxicab
and

rne, who takes

LIBERIA IS

  
  
    

 

  
  
     

Accepting the Teachings of the
Missionaries.

Plenyono Gbe Wolo, a Liberinn of
the Kru tribe, who graddated from Co-

lumbia university, says:

There never hns been a sclentific

census of Liberia, but the populatio

Is estimated at from 2,000,000 to 8,000,
000, and not more than 15,000 are
Americo-Liberians, the descendants of
The remainder be-

liberated slaves,

Foods are specially prepared for babies. A baby’s medicine [PO %ssion September 16th, Mr. Mé- long to tribes which speak four differ-
is even more essential for Baby, Remedies primarily prepared Hg g Sondidien the business for ent linguages and offer only nominal

submission to the Ewvernment, Th

Krus elect their kings by ‘the mlection
of the most available man of. thy royal
house, In the Jarroway tribe the Iehug
Is an absolute monurch for the reign |
of six years, and is then put to death. |
Other tribes also follow different cus.

toms,

The tribes do not acknowledge the

government of Monrovia, because the
feel that it does not protect them. B

treaty the United States government
Is required to help the Americo-Libe-
rians against the tribes, and fn 1912
this country helped put down a rebel

lion of the Krus.

The conptitution of Liberian has a
literacy test, which has heretofore ex- |

ciudéd most of the natives from vot
Ing, as the central government is un

able to undertake-their education, The

Tribes of That Counzry, It Is Said, Are

  
 
 
  

Another Prince
in America

HE visit of the Prince of
Wales to the United States
recalls the famous occasion
when his grandfather, then
Prince of Wales and later King
Edward VII'visited the republic,
The former Prince of Wales. stood :
on American soil for the firat time |**¥
on September 17, 1860, at Niagara
Falls, wishing to get his last view of
them from the American side, but his
official visit began three days later
when he landed in Detroit, So
densely were the streets packed that
lithe prince, or Baron Renfrew, as he
“llcalled himself for the visit, had to
|enter his hotel by a side door; and
one spectator remarked that there
would have been no greater curiosity
nanifested if the distinguished visi-
for had been George Washington

cune to lite again.

From Detroit, the royal party went
to Ciicago, where some 50.000 citi-
zens turned .out to do the prince
honor, and where about the same
number seught to entertain him.
So exhawited was the young man by
the hosptality of the Chicago folks
that on the train for St. Louis he

   
 

 

 
 
 
  
  

  
 
 
 

n

  
  
  
  
   

 
 
  
 
 
   
   
   
  
     
   
     
    
 

     
 
 
   
    
    
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

© and special
and personal for
you is

WRIGLEYS

in its air --tight
sealed package.

 
    
 
 
 
 

 
 
  
    
      
 

y
y

 
   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 

  
    
   
   
  

   
   
   
 
 
 
     

 
      
    
  

A goody that is
worthy of vour
lasting regard

 
 
   
       
 
 

  
  

 

GENUINE CASTORIA ALWAYS

Bears the Signature of

    

Girbas are being taught by Episcopal
migslonnries, and the Fullngoes, who
are Mohammedans, are also guining
the franchise. The Krus are very am-
bitlous and are also catching up, There
are more than 50 Liberiads of the na-

had a temporary breakdown. A stop
was made accordingly at Dwight’s
Station, whore there was good shoot-
ing, and in the course of a short stay
the prince agged a number of quafl
and rabbits. His host, a Mr. Spencer,

water to make the landing of boats
safer,”

A young man named Crandall, Ijv-
ing on Clark street, took chances while
the bell was ringing to drive his auto-
mobile over the Pere Marquette tracks

      
  
 
  

because of its
lasting quality.

  
               
         

 
  

on Erie street north, Tuesday even-

S Ing, about 7.30, with the result that

    

   

     

  

      

    
  
  

b 3 rN the rear of his car was struck by the
? X Na Butuan pero engine of a west-bound freight train
. n Seon fp REA DLR 5 and badly smashed, Young Crandall
1 1 Se or Yer cdrs had a narrow squeak but escaped n-
; J - a Jury,
' ' 4 i 4 Hy 5 CRUTAL ex MPANY, Hew yd cry An old resident Curtis Tedrow,
z L = n - = dl passed away at the home of his son.
id . ; wl Ielaw, Fred. Branton, Marlborough
\ street, on Thursday.’ Mr. Tedrow had
a been ill for a long time, and recently
} he suffered another paralytic strole,
EL from which he never regained con-
TF p »- sciousness. Funeral services were
. 1 LMA LADIES" COLL EGE conducted from his late residence on
<A hr . A — Saturday at 2 o'clock. with interment
. NA pla e y NT XI RT Pai at Lakeview! cgmetery.
. Canada’s Natiorial Residentfal School for Girls Through the breaking of the radius
. Wl 3 5 nen rod of the hlitbnioblle which Mr. Thos,
y combines all thé advantgges of health, culture, and Mason was¥driving and the sudden
4 practical and aesthetic Arainingea oe, : putting on of the brakes whieh causei
md Thorough courses in Music Art, Oratory, High School, Business, the car to swerve, Mrs, Mason was
x 9 Domestic Science, and Superior Physical Training. thrown through the windshield, su§
iL Opens, its. thirty-pinth year on September the fifteenth, nineteen taining seyere quts about the face. The
- hundred and migetecn, LO A ; , agufdent “oceurred Sat Cuday at noon
PERRY S. DODS@NAM.A., Pifncipal. RI. WARNER, MiA, D.D., Petheipal Beniitas toy 1s mids thighsifo'af St, Thomas,
0 ded i; ALMA LADIES’ |€OLLEGE, ST. THOMAS, ONTARIO to Which, cify Mri and {i Mow) Mason
pr ri Td Et bi 3s Were driving, Mrs, Maspnfwas taken
4 - en : to St. Thom, 64 Wierd agphysfoian; af
vl b - tended tagderciajurtes” and lit was
\

   

some days before she wag

 

able to rg

tive tribes studying in the
States,

WHEN RAILROADS WERE NEW

Engineers in Charge of Construction

Work Had Ideas That Now Seem

a Little Peculiar.

Light on strange Ideas of ploneer
railroad builders was thrown by Ed-
wand 8. Jouett, general solicitor of
the L. & N., in a talk before the Ro-
tary club at Loulsville.’

“The Lexington-Frankfort line,” sald
he, “was built with lopgitudinal stone
sills capped with a strip of iron,~and
the numerous curves, which you have
all noted, are sald to have been pur-
Rosely. Introduced upon the theory that
they were an advantage in enabling

 

tie conductor the more easily to see

the rear of his. train: “The coaches
were: two-story’ affulrs—women ' and
children bolow ‘and men ‘above—and
the motive power was mules to the
top of the hill above Frankfort.’ The
truin was, let. down: the. bill into, the

United

sald of the guests, “The party dress
roughly and walk about the village,
smoking pipes in the most demo-
cratic style.’ An unpleasant incl-
dent occurred at Dwight's Station,
for one day the party were about to
enter a farmhouse, when the owner
appeared and said, “Not you, New=
castle! I have been a tenant of
yours and have sworn that you shall
not sét foot on my land.” So the
Journey was ressmed in such a way
a8 to avoid touching the property of
this former Englishman, >
From St,”Louls.the'prince went to
Cincinnati and aitended a great ball,
but It is recorded that the thrifty or
forgetful. Cincinmatians having neg-
lected to provide a supper, the royal
visitor left at 12.30. On this occa~
sion, the prince having announced
his desire to have the second dante
with Miss Groesbeck, a beautiful
young lady who had gone to the ball
devoid of any lewels, her mother re-

       
  

 

Three flavours
to suit all tastes.
Be SURE to get

       
   
    
      
     
       

 
 
  
   
   

 
  
   
  
 
  
      

* The |
Flavour Lasts

   

   
          
       

A MADE
moved her own jewels and asked her Nn
daughter to wear them. The young CANADA

  
 

 

Indy Ined, however, and danced
with thedprince arrayed only in her
own: beauty and her severely simple
a(tire. From Ciacinnati the prince
went by 'way,of Pittsburg and Harris-
burg to Washinglon, taking up his

THE FLAVOUR LASTS,

  
     
      
 

  
     
  
   

   
     
   
   
  
  
  
   

turn home.

  
 

   

Amherstburg ‘Bakery

 

   
 
 
 
 

city. upon: an incline operated by a
stationary engine.

“You may be interested, in passing,
to learn that with’ (He exception of a
few miles near Ney, Orleans, which;
4 antedated. A€, about a week, this, lina

residence at the White House, where
he ¥émained for five daysr Hewisited
thé’ tomb “of “Washington at Mount
Varnon, and maly ‘an editorial arti-
¢le! was written onthe text! 'of the
young: Jieir tothe British! ‘¢rown
Htanding barcheaded uC the foot of

  
 
 
  
 
 

  
   
  
 
 
 
   

    
     
    
    

HARROW LUMBER YARD.

 
  

We. have the material and, give satisfaction. The old paying
applies to this, “The proof of the pudding 1s in the eating.

 
  
 
 
 
 

    
   
  

 

trom Lexington: ‘to: Erankfort is: the | the ‘colin af the man whd “had TRY A LOAF OF OUR “
v p y yrestad: ie thirteen eolonfes from
. = Shingles, Lath; oldest railroad! in’ the United Stntes | wre pi :
Li dT) a piri ry aaa Poliehed Floors Routh of the Ohio andi ‘west of the | the Iemplee hot yugtpe diy io! relen
iy all kinda of Hardwood. ’ ' | Alleghenios; Tt ‘was'chartored (1530 | Ovee: i

   
 

CATter hos lefts AVgENInEldn, Frehls
dent 'Buciunun. frraté 46 Queen Vie
toriaz 0'*ln our © domestic’ elfrcle “hb
has ‘won’ di hearts; Hi8 fred ‘and
Ingénuous intercotirse with myself
evinees both ‘a kind heart @nd_n''good
understanding." “From ~ Washington
the ‘prince went fo «Baltimore, (hen
to Philadephia) wherdthe Hoard Ade
lina Patt sing, und wis db delighted

We manulucture Storm Windows, Storm’ Doors, Sash, and all
kinds of Moulding required in building a house. y
. Wo do all kinds of Carpenter; Work and .Coptracting, and- will

be pleised to give an estimate or price on any kind of work, large.
or small.

Wholesome Bread.

| very early In fallrond story) when
we remember that the fist” mflrond.
in the United Sintes. vas bullt.ip 1826,
and ithe . first locomotive rengine was
operated jn «1820.1 0 gd
: TV ERI T

Health and Height ‘Goynt.
Every, fiylog man An. the, , United

   
   

   
 
  

CAREFULLY AND
FOLLOW THEM
EXACTLY

 
   
 
 

     
  
 
 
 
   
  
   
  
 

  
 

FRESH EVERY DAY

—

  
   
   
   
  

 

C.F. SMITH, - “angew.

 

 

     

Far more ciléctive t ian’ Stidky Fly

    
    
  

   
      
 
 

 

       
    
  
   

ARG ofedeefotfodortorerfoofeerfoferfesfodenfocfefonfooferde

service. i , } I! oh Al Pad, 2 y a
co Sold by. | States alin service hnsdifo: undergo. | that la Asiced! that Bld be ‘presehied : » a er 3"
a) Catchers, on andles Roa bY. A) medical ‘test parlodically” (n or- | to Bim; and then on to New York. \ 7 ENING ik CANDY v
Bg! iy der thatihe may’ be classified: imrohe of | He Wis nag by ‘Mayor ‘Wood, ‘and [4 A Hh - ‘ f "CIGARS
Bg four grades. “AA” then aré hel few-[ drove £6" his quarters In thie” Pifth : SK :
y Cl who “dif stand ‘adr work’ at“nititudes | Aventié’ Hots1," tlirough A throng of ree
: fry dboye 20,000 feof. “A™ men’ can staha’f BAIL a miMion ‘proplel Here fugait fu tag 3 TE PT

  

 

   
  
    
     

there wereld magsifideny balls and r=
ceptions srranged for him, dnd probs
ably He never'bad a busier Week he
his ite, what Wily listening tod

dresses, plantiye trees, visiting! vir.
lous Institut

“|| the strain, befween 15,000 and 20,600
feet, while, the “B”.cliss consists, of
pilots for’ dutigs . between. §,000 and |
15,000 feet, and the “C” group, includes |

all airmen fit only for service between

 

ofed]

HOME BAKER. =~

 

Rapid and Efficient. Delivery iW. F

sand seeing ‘points of

I

      
     
  
    

RI ME

 

    
 
   

dixing. and. rapid climbing for any. |
| length of time. *. Hence the frequent
medical examinntions, carried ont by.
experts who! have: drown. up a eare-
fully culenlited stimdard of eMclency.

Shiehad Tape snl pedi 4 x

  

devel and 8,000 feat 16 hus if histotie intaat; The great Ball held Xa Sad
wh Been Fund the Airis of’ most robust’ ja the Acadery ue Re yas i The Model Bakery Phone 76 Amhersthurg, Ont,
2 . 4 ‘ Jo? % inl rentest s neti ig ¥ 5% ang mk yoy 7. nt eid | X85, {nad et ARTUR
BILITY toilli rush orders is often Malet li physi Wong Bhimitl i Ri of New York sotiaty, dnd’ thére wets feafelerferfrsfoentertorfedonteod ;
the secret of business success. He % {ton any, | 3000, idvitatlons So ‘groat” was the | wi ive libel

crush that thé fooring’ gave Why,
‘and two peopld wera sliphfly Hair,

A rather nntoygFd {ncldent occur
red when the prince was driving
through Madlisn Square a day or so
later.” An Exglishman, pamed Ed-}

 

 
    
  
 
    
  
  
    
 
  
  
  

Speed gervice~- reliability —are
RA the Ford Motor Truck,

     
   
   
     

    
           
     
  
 
 
 
 
  

     
   
  
 

  
 
 
   
   
 

 

  
  
 
   
 
  
    
 
 
  
 

      
    
   

     
  
    
  

   
   

i wry ‘| + & 4
: SNE Saar wat ha Goren h digs if plug hoy © ot She ie il : ard Moneant, ‘rushed to the side of | ¥ : a
It brings’ the distant sutbiirbe- L518 Sa py 00, Sore, Sh, BONE |. SHINGLES, ETH, CEDAR POSTS, BARN BOARDS,
the adjoining rural districts—to your 2% Do vou golf! het dake) oul End in you Lives aes ns ®0BRE | ¥ JOISTS, ‘MOULDINGS: OF ALL KINDS, DOOR SASH,
d ' ' 3 ? | C10, IT love golf," she: uiiswered. 140+) gilintor: coplained. nn nile pL 003 IU00IA pg 2 I
oor. ; ; fay ‘ut: lenst fe Samy bride i “I, thiat ;heév had 16 ome over, ram 4. fry -RUBBEROID__ROOFING,.
- Te , t feng i l boat on which hel workdd “ton feobiblunt cote fies hese aoeteite stuekicti ot ed To egtontl TW 2 I TR)
You lay often arrange fo haul re S54 DBEIHOYE S310 on THe i) iin's /ehin pir : [aetie t gortl of (bop, apy Filed py co yon OFdeFSWIIY we a SAVY MioHey i
furn Toads Boia Brot, IF tr HH : igi ERE lr
Fag OL TT a4 1619 1) ENO IS SSL oy Ny 0 WA ETRE, VAC BRE : 9,300.8 Yer ATID, Chen cher prineoi was: , g fo TPE”

  

d Fae

The sbest Li eRen, Aids was halt ||

‘| mile istriight: way! she tepliady 100]
: Somewhat titigued: heochdhged [toi

  
  
 
  
 
 

16a¥ing a New Wobk UMGu. | A pany, {ui
Trih mat -yonod) PAD” gym sina ho'sl|
gonepent may be inévir pome bok! |
yO tht 60 edi givd lie gentle

 Satisfi

  
  
   

 
 
       

esypurepstomersandyvourself,. pi OED

    

   
 

at |

 
   

  
 
    
 
  
  

 

a ), (A -' [Ty " i Ads ue oh yg ¢ - 4
oq ution (avs dl OV bovibredtion Aandi rh iataod More ilo wa vund VA Aog Hm hd Timber SHR? 2
HE goad terday aL HOGI® CPR eS privy mast HV AZ bns lahat Sha O! Sei) Silt it
\ iin OpLy. ral OF 1h ro a gt a» Sketidd Boston; AsnFRlb asar SAO TSE Hat 3d Sua 0
iti a Pa i Hi aan thug Loin: Alnerd: Tp ry

tir, TE A wae ed

go ‘Offer’ tar ‘Map ‘Haig. Used: o FR

 

One-Ton T :

 
   
  

  

Buy only Genug
700 Canadian *d
Service garages

-t

|
|

   

Hi

thi

bet 8 hmd"th Xd Tolling:
hb ha

I%n
{wen

   
   

{up at sugationt

Cotter ep ei gRAED BUYS Hen” Dk TE
Ea eeinsg for the map MNEdD he ey i) h
| Haig, (bVthe Jf the fri
: $750, F. 0.8, ; Jug ares pogerin front Octo fizonsh A

hi
5/8 fund for disabled, of
1 The MAR, eVARtANE Ww

EAL AR

A onli

An elysgyt
8 wife, Angeline Bmmert, actording

to het testithoby before aimaster lin

pi

So ‘ni

wile 70
he! rdf

rib

  
    
     

    

olin PY tor was sespon- ||
sible for Andrew. J. Emmert abusing

R

a Bo th admiral :

   
  
  

J8lacw lide: ;

o

 
     

a a
nf “(EH 'Whieh
“Jas ‘Welcomed

a 10°

 
 
  

» Ae 1 [IA ER os SS Pi TY PR han -
ie : fr Hl cotar Button. Cage Divine ASHE ros

 
 
 

 
 

Hitegfn _only daughter of |
% Gsigreo and Queen Mary, of Eng- |
nd sioter of the Prince of
Ja “colopel-in-chief of the |.

  
  

2
