EE rr ra eer rns

“1 A Most Worthy Display of
1 Women's Winter Coats

NE need but simply glance at these coats
O to appreciate our efforts in bringing them

i}
ones assembled and these prices give a full
range for every woman's expenditure for a prac-
i
;
ot

to you because there are so many good

tical cold weather garment.

$24.50 to $95.00

“The finest Coats we have seen. in many a sea-
son” is the essence of remarks that we hear ex-
pressed about our Coat showing. They are +
fashioned of Silvertone, Burella, Chinchilla and +
other sturdy fabrics, offered in the season’s new- J,

est shades and with great collars, some of which
are of rich Fur; and graceful belts and practical

pockets, they can’t help but command the atten-
tion of practical women, We suggest early

selection while the assortments are at their best.

BARTLET, MACDONALD & GOW

LIMITED

9-11-13 Sandwich St. East and 16 Ouellette Ave.

sefocfenforfesfecfecfactocortocfosfecfocferfariartortactsciocfesfecfaciscl

ELECTORS OF SOUTH ESSEX

LADIES AND GENTLEMEN:

~ How many candidates in South
for the Ontario Legislature? Four. Who was the fourth?
Ed. Winters. What was his platform? Had none, he was
the Bogus Candidate. Who is the most unprincipled man
in South Essex? Rd. Winters, the Bogus Candidate. Who
said so? Lewis Wigle, the Independent Candidate. . Who
tried to deceive, the electors on nomination day? The
Bogus Candidate. .What are his ‘principles? He never
had any? Who can prove it? Lewis Wigle, the Inde-
pendent Candidate. Who tried to cause a false impres-
sion against Lewis Wigle at‘nomination? The Bogus
Candidate. <i

How much income tax did Lewis Wigle pay last year?}
$437.28. The five years Lewis Wigle represented South
Essex he brought home $169,600 subsidy to railway.and
the people have been getting the benefit and will Keep
getting it for all time to come. Lambert brought home
about $6,000, his indemnity that he got from the Ontario
Government for nothing, and loaned it to the Dominion
Government for 51% per cent. and pays no income tax
on it. Milton will never haye to pay an income tax.

If you want the Provincial Highway on Talbot street,
elect Lewis Wigle, the Independent Candidate, and make
a sure thing,
“== If you want Hydro Electric power, which is cheap

power, and get a loopline Hydro Railway around South
“ Essex by way of Harrow, elect Lewis Wigle, the Indepen-:
dent Candidate. 4 Te
Sir Adam Beck, an Independent candidate, is the man-
ager of the Hydro-Eleetric power. Lewis Wigle will

Essex were nominated

work with him and sure will get what power we require
most fayorably: :
«Milton C. Fox had to Send east of Toronto to-get Mr.
Powers to help him finish out his half’ hour's speech at
nomination ,and they both made a mess of itq
It was fun to lrear Milton tell what he would recom-
mend, if elected. : aS
An elector told Lewis Wigle he would, get five votes
on account of the slang Ed. Winters gave on nomination
day. pa : 3 y
“ Resent the insults Ed. Winters gave out on nomina-
tion day by voting for Lewis Wigle. A
Lambert P. Wigle says the Ladies will all vote for
him. 3 :
Ladies, support Lewis Wigle and he will be pleased
t6r introduce your delegations on all occasions, and back
them up with his vote and’ influence. :
Vote, for Lewis Wigle, he will support the party in
power for all good measures, and if he cannot get sor: 2
a the good.things going, what ‘can an opponent of any
overnment get?:
Lewis Wigle believes in
Laboring man. 5
J Vote for Lewis Wigle, the Independent Candidate,
¢. and make a sure thing. You have been misrepresented :
too long now. ’ gi. . : - :
3 In Leamington where the Bogus Candidate is known,
he could not be elected as a street cleaner, if it were
" )éft to the people, and Ed. Noble would run against him.
Lewis Wigle is a Farmer, and if elected will represent
{he Farmers to the best of his ability, whether C. F. O, or
-Operative, i i
fo i 1 were 4,985 votes polled in South Essex in 1914;

‘there are 11,300 voters on the list for 1919. 7
There are 1,000 men and women in South Essex bet-

ter qualified to represent you than either Lambert P. Wigle

or Milton Fox, and 11,000 better qualified than the Bogus
“Candidate is. . - a° ‘ :

1. Milton Fox is elected his party will elect a leader,

and if Milton does not toe the mark to suit the Execu-

tive, they will-call him home—a right, which I am told.

They: Have: : > LEWIS WIGLE.

ngtof, Oct, 14th, 1919. >
L, Lewis Wigle’s supporters will please
"as early as possible on the Oth.

sharing the profits with the

record their yotes

&

‘SANDWICH.

y : r 80 ago, and a lec:
tern from Rev. and Mrs. H. P. West-

who died a year or

2

and Haris. who died since Mr.
ate has become the rector Of
church, The additions to the chu

THE ECHO PRINTING CO., himited

1O0HN A. AULD, « A. W. MARSH,
President. Sec. Treas.

Monroe (Mlich.) ananty favigurs lost
$4,000 In hogs during the past yerr
due to cholera. according to a report
submited By the nhonvl of sujorvis-
ors by D. M. {luge, conn’y vet:rinary,

“The Board of Trade decided at a
meeting on Monday afternoon not to
release the Michigan Central Railway
from fulfilling the provisions of its
agreement with the town to run two
trains a day each way between Leam:
ington and Comber, and io s0 inform
the" Railway Board. Anbther aesolu-
tion adopted was to call the attention
of the Bell Telephone Co. to theip
ohsolete equipment in Leamington and
to presspfor something acre up to
date.”—Lenmington Post News,

VICTORY LOAN" ORGANIZATION.

South Bgsex hins been detached from
Windsor for the purposes of fhe com-
ing Victory Loan with’ headquarters
at Leamington and the following of-
ficers*, Hon, Clinirman, Col, W. T.
Gregory; Chairman, Major W, G. Gid-
ley; Vice-Chalrman, F. S. Moss; Sec-
retary, F. J. Miller. Thé following
chairmen of committees were appoint-
ed: Executive, Major Gid!ay; Kin.
ance, D. W, Anderson; Publicity, Ed,
Winter; Sales, S. French; Employees,
R.. A. Logan; Special Subscription,
Morley Coulson, Returns will-be sent
direct to headquarters in Toronto in-
stend of Windsor. 'E. B. Almon, of
Hamilton, organizer, and W. A. Curtis,
Toronto, publicity organizer, are as-
sisting in the South JEssex campaign.

NEGOTIATIONS FOR BUYING
BORDER SYSTEM STILL ON

Negotations between the Ontario
Hydro-Electric Commission and the
Detroit United Railway for the pur-
chase of‘ the Sandwich, Windsor &
‘Amherstburg railway, a subsidiary ot
the D. U. R., are still going on, ac
cording to Sir Adam “Beck, chairman
of the Ontario Commission.

“By this week,” Sir Adam said Fri-
day, “we will either have a tentative
agreement signed by myself and the
management of the rallway, for sub-
mission to the border municipalities
Tor ratification or rejection, or all ne-
gotlatjions Tor the purchase of the road
will be off."

The price asked by the railway will
commend the proposition to the conn:

— TE :
: BAS : LDEN. ;

Chicken ‘and ‘pumpkin ple—Trinity
church.

A. Ford spent Sunday oftérnoon at
Oxley. wr

Miss Frances Scllars was home for
the week-end,

Forest Sellars and wife visited at
Oxley Sunday.

Mr. and Mra, Harry Golden, of An-
derdon, visited at Oxley Sunday.

For the annual Harvest Home sup-
per glven by Trinity church, see par-
ticulara later.

Garry Dowler returned to his studies
jn the C. B~C. after spending Thanks-
giving at home.

* The tomato growers in these parts
have had a splendid crop tivis year,
ard are still hauling to the canneries,

Mrs, Ross Collison i3 giving a mis.
cellangous shower this (Friday) even-
{ng for Miss Grace Collison, a ner
bride. du :

If_you requfre Rolled Slate Roofing.
Brantford Slab Slates or B.C. shingles
we can give you prompt dellvery at
reasonable prices. C. R. Alkman, Am-
heérstburg,

At the meeting of the Amherstburg,
Harrow and Malden quarterly boards
and congregations at Malden, the plan
and objgétives of the: Unitéd National
Campaign were unanimously adopted.

Ledsdn Brush, of Windsor, took

suddenly ll with appendicitis on Fri-
, day, and was rushed to the hospital.
| where he underwent a successful
operation, and is doing very nicely
since, ie

Come and enjoy a good laugh at the

masquerade given by the Malden Ath-
letes Tn the 1.O.G.T. hall on Friday
evening, October 24th. Prizes for fol
Jowing characteps: Cdmic, clown,
fancy dress and hooble.. Admission 10
cents.

Malden Methodist, church, Sunday:
October 19th: 10 a.m, Sunday school
in the basement and Men's Bible Class
upstairs; 11 am. sermon: “Enroll-
ment of Intercessors”; 7.30 p.m., “Four
Pillars of Temperance.” The pastor
in charge.

At the meeting of the Malden Re-

| ferendum Committee on Monday even-

ing the following were appointed to
| act as inside scrutineers at the polls
next Monday: Sub-Div. No, 1, Henry
Atkin, Gordon Sellars; Sub-Div. No.
2, Thomas Martin, John Waters; Sub-
Div. No, 3; Ed. A. Patton, Curtis
Mickle, A

¢ John Dewler las sold his 36-acre
farm on the Inke road to his brother-
in-law, Thgs: Ruthven, for $5,600, and
expects to move to Windsor, Mr, Ruth-
ven taking possession on December
1st. “This place has been in the Dow-
ler family for some 200 years, and this
will be the first time that anyone but
{a man of that name occupied it in all
(that time. Mr. Dowler will hold an

of Ontario, and nearly every home was. touclied, your Premier's family being
“5 * t

cils and the 3 i :
people as a good business yyctjon sule on the 4th of November.

investment, Sir Adam said.

An Appeal to Reason

To the Intelligent Electorate
of the North Riding of Essex

Ladies and Gentlemen: Fellow-Comrades and Fellow-Electors:—

On Monday next you will be called upon.to mark your ballots for a re-

presentative for the North Riding of Essex in’ the next Legislature for the
Province of Ontario.
being discussed In every home and at every fireside, and on the platforms

The Issues, which ate many, are before you amd are

throughout the Riding. Every citizen should avail themselves of the oppor-

tunity of heating them discussed from all angles.
As the candidate of the Conservative party, tt becomes my duty to ex- |

tend to you at this season the compliments of the party who have been at
the helm during the war crisis, ‘which was the ‘worst in the history of the
world; 4 need no: draw to your attention the proud war record of this grand

| province, other than to state that Canada’s glorious, éffort was made possible

by the respopse.of the people of-Ontario, not only to the colors but from
every source, as one-half of Canada’s entire effort ‘was made by the Province

represented by his two sons. # a v
Space does not permit a detailed account”of the workings of any single,
department of the Hearst Government,-but theresare,some things I would like

| to draw to your mind; which have been, are, and will ‘be, foremost in their

minds, 4. e.:— ae :

: 1, The greatest possible assistance to agriculture’in every shape and

orm. T %

0 2. The faith’nl' cnforcement- of the people's verdict in the liquor ques-

ion. : Ft

; 3. Vigorous support of. Hydro-Electric developmeny and cheap Hght and

power for our farmers. ¢ Rah i ;
Conversion of certain railway lines into Hydro-Electric mas.

Good roads reaching every part. of Ontario, : :

A pension fund for mothers. > n i

Direct representation of Labor in the Cabinet.

. Establishment of a minimum wage.

9. Unification of the labor laws of Canfida, on a just and egnitable basis.

,10. Housing accommodation™for industrial workers.

11. Cabinet represéntation for réturned soldiers;

12. A new era for education, providing technical and agricultural in-

struction throughout the Province. ¢
13. Improvement of fransportation facilities dn Northern Ontario.» J.
14. Conservation of our timber resourées and encourigement to mining.
15. Mepsures to reduce the high cost of living. ~°
16. Protection of public health, general assistance to hospitals and! char:

| ities, and speelal care of mental defectives.

17. Reforms and activities as will commend themselves from time tod
time to an alert and progressive Government,

.
Ladles and Geptlemen:— . 1
It has been my duty to serve my King and Country In the cause of democ-

rucy-and in the protection of your home and mine for five long years in the
hell holes of Eurape, and the decorations that ¥ have received at the hands of’
King George in person, are your decorations, not mine, as 1 went to the fleld
ofconflict as a representative obthe North Riding of Essex. It 1 have served
yon well fnsthat capacity, then 1 am entitled to your honest and worthy" con-
sideration at the polls on Monday next. but if I failed when overseas I ask
20 consideration, as a man who tecomes a dismal fatlure ig not worthy of the
confidence and consideration of our electorate. id
+ Every man knows where I stand on temperance as I have made it clear
on avery platform, but both of my opponents have reneged on the issue; smd
the ‘Government desires the opinion of the people in its entirety and every
question must be voted on. 5 *
The Hydro-Elegtric, which is bound to make this: Province a beehive of
industry, will place our manufacturers and farmers so.thbat they can not only
compete, but discount the men of sithilar vocations in other countries.

AGRICULTURE. Ri iil
fon 8 probably apprecited

d raised on the farm and

8
15 pe the same
period the p

Agricultural appro

Agricultural appropriation |
heh Government has ‘been closer

have been broken up,
caution: *
I have not been able

ANBRDON.

Chicken and pupkin ple—Trinity

church.
Percy Vollans
itor at Thomas
For the annul
per given by Tinity

ticulars later. 57
In additionto list in Nelson Fox's

sale, he fs dering n garden seeder
and cultivatorcombined

‘We are preparil to furnish anything
in building matélnls at ghort notice.
C. R. Afkman, Auherstburg.

The Rev, H. A Wright will preach
at Trinity chugh on Sunday after
noon next. Harvest Thahksglving ser-
vices will be jeld at Trinity church
on Sunday, the 26th, and a Harvest
supper wil be 8lven on Monday

ovening, the 27th October.
The whole. nefjnborhood turned out

on Sunday afterpon to extend a pub
lic welcome hometo Pte. Martin Gibb,
who a week ago yturned fro
fons. The receptigy Was held at the
home of the soldier's parents, ‘Mr. and
Mrs. Andrew Gibb, and {ncluded a
dinner; of which effity-five « partook.
Anyone who has evil been the recip-
{ent of Mr. and Mj. Gibb's hospital-
{ty knows that nothing Was lacking to
make the affair theroushly enjoyable.
Three turkeys and twelve chickens
were the cap shes of a menu tnat in-
cluded /overything 809d to eat, The
houge was decorated with flags, red,
white and blue bunting and Japanese
lanterns. and twas Most attractive,
Pte, Gibb could not but be nffected by
the warmth of the reception tandernd

him,

An event of unusual
place Tuesday morulg,
at 8.30, in St. Clement
Gregor, when MIs
daughter of Mr. and
Pouget, was united in marrige Lo
Alexander Deslipps, son of Mr. and
Mrs, Noah Deslippe, of Malden. Rev.
Father Pinsonneault officiating The
bride ‘was attractively dressel in a
white crepe de chine dress and wore a
tulle vell caught with orunge blos-
soms, and carried bridal roses. She
was given away by her father. The
The bride being a member of the So-
dality of the B. V. M., was married in
the sanctuary. Miss Alma Pouget, sis-
ter of the bride, wap bridesmaid, being
dressed In grey silk poplin with ple-
tare hat to match, and carried pink
roses, Norman Deslippe, brother of
the groom, wad best man. Mrs. Wm.
Meloche played the wedding march,
and Miss Alice Galipeau sang an Ave
Marla. The wedding breakfast was
served at the bride's home. Later the
families motored to the groom's home,
where a tasty dinner was served. They
jmmedintely left for a short trip
through the States, Mr. and Mrs.
Deslippe will reside on the groom's
farm in Malden after November 1st.

I
McGREGOR.

Philip Souligny sold his 100-acre
farm. last week, to C. H. Settler, of
Sandwich, for $14,400, and [8 advertis.
ing an extensive auction sale for Fri-
day, October 31st. Mr. Souligny has
purchased property in Windsor and
will move there about the first week
of December.

———————————— I

A WORD TO THE WOMEN.

Two votes will be taken on the
20th of October—one om the tem-
perance referendum and the other to
elect members to the Legislature.
This is the first election in Ontario
when all women may vote. It Is im-
portant for every women to remem-
ber when voting on election day that
she .should receive the referendum
ballot and the ballo§ for members to
the Legislature, ;Answer every ques-
tion on tho referendum ballot and
mark the legislative ‘ballot for your

as 0 week-end vis
paaire's.

Harvest Home sup-
church, see par-

interest took
Ociober 14th,
s church, ‘Mc:
Elisa Pouget,

Mrs. Daniel

IN THE NEW CHEVROLET FB TOURING CAR IS Foy
THE STREAMLINE DESIGN AT ITS BEST. THE LONG py,
BROKEN LINES SWEEP IN GRACEFUL CURVES FRON Ty
RADIATOR TO THE WELL ROUNDED BACK, WITH Not oy
ANGLE NOR PROJECTION TO MAR THE HARMONIoyy

f \

EFFECT.

“Raby Grand”
lights and starter;
used. One-man top,
tilted windshield.
light dimmers; electric horn;
with extra rim; tire carrier;
Oshawa, Ont. q

(Model FB) Touring Car, equipped with electric |
highest type two-unit system, single wiriy
with side curtains opening with doors br E
Complete lamp equipment, including heaq.
speedometer; demountable rims,
license holder. Price $1495 fo}

Carnahan Motor Sales

AMHERSTBURG, ONT.

GOSFIELD SOUTH.

The D. R. 0.'S for next Monday's
election are: No. 1, Theodore Wigle;
No. 2, A. J. Golden; No. 3, F. Gunning
and Perry Shanks. No. 4, G. Bristow;
No. 5, Martin Malott.

New California.

The annual convention of the Ep-
worth Leagues and Sunday schools of
the Windsor Distrfet was held in Trin-
{ty Methodist church here on Tuesday,
October 7th, The morning session
opened at 10 o'clock with Hev. L. W.
Reid, B.D., of Amherstburg. presiding.
The devotional exercises were. con-
ducted By Rev. Hgd. Bentley, of Rom-
ney. Rev. H. Graham, of “Walker-
ville, gave ap/ address on “Teacher
Training,” which was followed by a
discussion. Rev. C.°R. Durrant, of
Harrow, gave an address on “How to
Retain Active Members in the League,’
followed by a discussion on that sub-
ject. Rev. L. W. Reld, of, Amherst-
burg, conducted a round table confer-
ence on the Sunday school problems.
Nominating and Business committecs
were appointed, after which the morn-
Ing session was closed. ‘The afternoom
session opened with J. W. Hibbert, of
Essex. presiding. Rev. A. BE. Moore-

Jhouse; of Windsor, gave an address

on. “Standards of Efficiency,” - which
was followed by a discussion. Rev.
W. Williams, B.A., of Tilbury, spoke
on “Our Relation to the Summer
.Schoof,” followed by a discussion.
Miss O. Ziegler, B.A., of Toronto, Field
Secretary of S. S. work, gave a very
interesting talk on “Girls’ Work in
the Sunday school. H. AS Hackney,
of Windsor, spoke’ on “The Methodist
National: Movement’ and Sunday
School,” which was followed by a dis-
cussion. aud the reports of the com-
mittets. The evening session opened
at 7.80 by a song service conducted
by Rev. H. J. Creasy, Ruthven, with
Rev. H. A. Graham, B.A., Chairman of
the District, presiding. Misa Zeigler

gave another very interesting address’

on “Canadian Girls in Training.” Rev.
‘A. Barker, B.D., President of thé Dis
trict, gave an address which closed the

VOTEES OF SOUPH ESSEX: —

....Let us talk this voting Dusimass over.

We: have three (8) candidates.
How are we to judge: which. one to support on: October

Jast session of the convention. Deje.
gates were present from the whola
district. Dinner and tea were served
in the schoolroom By the Ladies’ Ald
of the church.—Mr. and Mrs. Leroy
Allen and daughter Marjorie spent
Sunday with Mr. and Mrs, Thomas
Wright, of Oxley.—Maitland Nelson,
of Hamilton, spent a few days with
his brother, John Nelson. —Mr. and
Mrs. Henry Balfley, Miss H. Scott and
Ed. Bailey spent Sunday with the tor
mer’'s uncle, Henry Williams, of Mer
gen, —Miss Mary Caughell, of Dunn-
ville, is spending a few days with Mrs
T, Purbrick.~Miss Nola Wigle. of
Kingsville, spent Sunday with Mss
Berths Balley, 3rd Concession —3r,
and Mrs. Will" Merritt and family, of
Wheatley, spent Sunday with Mr. and
Mrs. John Nelson, 3rd concession.

2

/AUCTION SALE
=== |
Farm Stoek, Implements, Ete,

There will bé sold by Public Auction at
Lov 18, Con. 6, Colchester South, one mil
West of the Townline, on

WEDNESDAY, NOVEMBER Gih, 1719

The following: Brown Driving Mare, 8
years old, weighs 1000; Gray Mare, 8 yess
old, quiet for ladies to drive; 2 Bluc ©
Horses: Grade Jersey = Cow, 5 years 4,
«ue in March; Grade Durham Cow, 7 years
ot, due in March; Grade Holstein Heifer,

3 years old} Grade Durham Feiler Gal, & © 4
months old; Durham Bull, 2 years old; 2
Stewrs ¢ yoars old; Steer, 1 year olf;
Wagon, “Hain”, good as new; Cow, § x

old, due in Match; Deering Mower, 1

new; Deering Dump Rake, mew; Disc, near- 3
Jy new; @ Top Buggies (ons new: set ima | 3
Hurrows: Flat Hay Rack; Wigon Box; Fan
ning Mill; Wheel and Skimmer for Plow:
s6t® Double Harness; set Single Mares;

Forks: Spades; Shovels; Hoes: Brood Sot

7 Shoats, weighing 85.1Dhs. each; about 3
tons Timothy Hay In stack; 4 acres of com
Fodder ie eld; 100 Chickens; 1 Ducks; 7
Turkeys (Poultry Cash).
’ Posdtively no reserve.
Sale Mv begin as 1 o'clock P.M. sharp,
TERMS—ALl sums of 1D and under, cas;
aver tial amount 1% month-=cradie.on fr
mshing Sporoved joint notes that will be
avoceptid by: a Chartered Bank, or 6 per cel
per dmum off for cash on sums entitled ©
credit.
CLARK, & ATKIN, CHARLES HICKS; ‘g
Alictionoers. 1 3 Proprietor. >

choice of candidates. NE
| n + ¥ — —

Most decidedly by their Policy ‘and their Record. - ;

Mt. T ask you only. in
nd as a

pry of the Pro

next.

te In memory of their two sons, Rex
West-

are also a memorial, the congregation

and friends having,

provided them in
H. D. Hind,

mber of years,
, and other im-
0, Lo ing

will be a vote
Fr

great

4] am the

are
hers ied

