 

 

 

  
    
  
  
 
 
   
      
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
 
 
     
  
   
  
   
  
  

  
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
    

 

  
 
  
  
   
     
  
 
 
   

pret

ESSEX COUNTY COUNCIL.

 

Be Sure the Clover and Grass SPECIAL SESSION-—MARCH, 1919.

3 Seed Is Pure,

)
Why Every Farmer Should Huve
Spray Calendar—How to Get. I
and Use It—Only Sprayng Done

at Right Time Is Effective.
(Contributed by Ontario Department of

Agriculture, Toronto.)

UCCESS or failure depends t¢
a large extent upon the quality
of the seed sown. No man car
afford to use low-grade clover
or grass seed. The risk of seeding
down the farm with noxious weed
geeds is too great. High-grade clover

“and grass seed «is freer from weed
seeds and produces more healthy
vigorous plants per pound than does
low-grade seed. lmpure geed is dear
at any price. Pure geed is the pur:
chaser’s right and he should insist
on having it.

In the purchase of clover and grass
seed the following qualities should
be looked for:—

1. Freedom from weed sceds, es
pecially those weed seeds covercd by

-the Seed Control Act. The weed seeds
can be properly seen only By spread
ing out th iple of clover or grass
geed on a clean white sheet of papel
and looking carefully over it with
the aid of a, tripod: n 1ifier or hang
lens. No farmer sho be without
a lens otf some kind. Everyone whe
has to purchase seed should endeavor
to become familiar with the common
weed seeds and know the standards
of purity required by the Seed Con-
trol Act for the various grades of
clover and grass seed.

} 2. Freedom from dirt, grit, broken
straw and other inert matter. A great
many samplesofcloverand grass
contain far too large a percentage
of such inert matter. Those buying
such seed are paying a high price per
pound for dirt.

3.. Good size and color. “A good
sample of seed of any kind should be
large, plump, bright, and have the
characteristic color well developed.
Plumpness, brightness and good color
are usua indicative of high germia-
ative capacity.

4. High germinative capacity.
Good clover or grass seed of any kind
should have a high germinative ca-

 

 

A County Council Chamber,
Sandwich, Ont., March 11th, 1919.

Council met at 2 p.m. In special session, the Warden in the chair.

Mr. Polsson, resve of Ford City, took his seat in the council, he being re-
Jlected as Reeve of Ford Clty, *

 
  
    
   
 
   
 
    
    
   
  
 
    
     
    
   
  
   
   
   
        
        
      
    
    
         
    
   
   
   
       
     
  
 
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
   
   
   
 
   
 
  
 
 
  
     

Roll called. All members present. ;
Minutes of the last day of the January session were read.

On motion, minutes were adopted as read,

Mr. Woollatt, Chairman of the Highways Committee, reported verbally to
{he County Council and presented a map, with the roads marked in red as
Le roads that would be included in the proposed amended system of Good

Roads of the" County.

Moved by Mr. Wollatt, seconded by Mr. Pastorius, that the Good Roads
Committee be instructed to prepare a schedule of the ronds as marked in
red in the different townships, same to be submitted to this council to-morrow,

~Carried.

Wr. Pardo, County Road Superintendent of Kent County, addressed the]
members, asking Esgex county to divide that portion of the Essex and Kent
County Line in the Good Ronds system.—Referred to the Highways Com.
mittee,

Notices of Motion.

Mr. Armstrong, that he will, on Wednesday, introduce a motion to em-
Standing Committee of the House of Refuge and Industrial Farm

power the
Industrial Farm.

to purchase 15 acres of land adjoining the

Moved by Mr. Lambjer, seconded by Mr. Johnston, that council adjourn to
ailow the Hig ay Committee to meet and reassemble to-morrow at 10 a.m.

-—~Carried.

 

    

 

SECOND DAY.
Council met at 10 a.m.

 
 

Roll called..' All members present,
The Warden in the chair.
The minutes of Tuesday were read,

On motion, minutes were adopted as read.

 

On motion..J. W..Noble, District Representative of Essex County, ad-
lressed the members, ing the county to have more “Publicity Pamphlets”
printed. —Referred to the Finance Committee:

 
 

Communications.

 

J. H. Rodd. Clerk of the Peace, wrote the c

ouncil asking for filing cases
for Is office as Clerk of the Peace. :

W. J. Bell, Solicitor for the County of Simcoe, re amendments ‘to the

Reglstry Act.

  
   

From the Soldiers’ Aid CommissiopF re building of County Roads.

 

   
 

  

Prom the Cleric of Malden Towy&hip, resolution re County Roads.

 
 

J. F. Millen, County Treasurer, asking for an assistant in his office.

Bills, Accounts, etc, wr

J. A. McCormick, $4.10.

stationery, etc,

 
 

   

pacity. This cannot be accurately Ww Covle. express, P.-O. box ren elegrams, etc, $7.2

Judged by an ¢ on of the seed . P. Coyle, express, P.O. box rent. telegrams, etc, $7.24.

and can be a ned -only by a W. H. Knister, attending Couaty Road Superintendents’ convention,
germination test. Purchasers of seed | varnnto, $31.00. /

 
  

 

tests made for them
seed to the office of
oner,>» Department
iWa.

inded that the De-
(0)

can have §
by sending the
the Seed Cor
of Agriculture, (

Farmers are rem

  
  

ing Ontario Good Roads convention, Toronto, £32.00.
ding Ontario Good Roads convention, Toronto, $32.00.

 

attend

1

  
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 

 

ng Ontario Good Roads convention and County Treas-
63, i 3

 

   

 

partment of Botany of the tario : 3
agement A £1 AE ittending with Mr. Rodd, County Solicitor, at Toronto re
Fico at a EN ae the Drainage Act, $18.50. :

  
   

In submitting
t send at least

seed as to puri
samples for purits t
one pound of the coarser grains, one
ounces of alfalfa or red clover, and
half an ounce of alsike or timothy.
A full report on samples will be fur-
nished. Samples of seed should be
carefully packed and addressed with
postage prepald to the Botanical De-
partment, Ontario Agricultural Col-
lege, Guelph.—Prof. J. E. Howitt,
0. A. College, Guelph.

»

ing: Co: printing January minutes, $145.86.

    

Order of the Day.

seconded by Mr, Tellier, that an appropriation
sen15 acres of land adjoining the Industrial
n the Township of Mersea.—Carried.

  
   
 

Moyad hy Mr.
of $3.000:00 be m to pi
Farm and House of Refuge |

 

    
   
 

Moved. by Mr. Pastorius, seconded by: Aly. Breey, that the Standing Com-
riitiee of the House of Reft ind Industrial Farm be empowered to buy the
find at the price stated.—Carried,

   
   
   
 

    

 

3

 

hat any dairy stock pur-
and jdndustrial farm. be

 

Moved by Mr. Lambler, ‘seconded by Mr. Barnet,
thased by the Committee of the House of Refug
selected subject to the tubgrcular test.—Carrieds 77

 
 

Every Farmer Should Have Spray
Calendar.

Before giving the reasons why
every farmer should have a pray
calendar let us state what a spray
calendar is. It.is the gathering to-
gether into a small space—usually
just one sheet or page—of all the
necessary knowledge for the control
of thé various insects and diseases
that attack our fruit trees and bush
fruits; so that Jnstead of having to
search halt a” dozen bulletins the
farmer can obtain the required in-
formation almost at a glance. A spray
calendar is therefore a handy refer-
ence sheet on the control of insect
pests. and plant diseases.

Every farmer should have'a spray

calendar for the following reasons: —

1. Bechuse it will gave him time

in finding the necessary information
on’ the control of insects and plant,
diseases. J x of

2. Because the information given

jn the spray calendar is more reli-
able than he can obtain from his
neighbors or any other source. It 1s
; the best information that can be ob-
‘tained anywhere.)

3. Because the spray calendar will
¢ prevent costly mistakes due to slips
of memory, :

yg 4. Because the spray calendar
states definitely when‘to treat the dif-
‘ferent pests. A week too early or a

    
   
 

Moved-by Mr. Halford, seconded by Mr. Tellier, thav«owing to the cross-
of the M. C, Rajlway at Maidstone on the Talbot road and onthe Middle

i Rochester Township being very dangerous to the ® ayelling
blic, , tha County Council in fon assembled do authorize tife High-
way Committee-to take all necessiry steps to provide a safe crossing for the
public, the committée if necessary to make an application t6" the Dominion
Railway Board.—Carried. > 7

ing

    

           

 

    
  
  
  
  
  
 

Council adjoiirned to allow ¢ommittees to meet and Teasgemble at 1 p.m.

AFTERNOON SESSION,

 
 

Council re assembled at 1 p.m,

  
  
     
  

Roll.ealled. All members present... The Wirden in the chair. =
A petition was received ands yYend from a number of residents of the
llage of Comber, asking atic Highway Committee 6f the County of Essex to

take the necessary steps to pave the main street in the Villege of Comber,
On motion. Messrs, Knister, Keith, Keck, Kennedy and.others addressed

  

 

     
 

   
 
 
 

Committee.

: Notices of Motion. 5%
225,000.00 for Good Road purpoges,

Also that he will, on Friday, introduce a

appointing a committee for Highway Improvement.
Mr. Tellier, that he will, on Thursday,

&

  
      
 
 
  
 

Sf the House¥of Refuge and Industrial Farm.

 
 
  
 

P.AL ‘
Council reassembled at 4 P.M.

  
 
  
  

Fe included in the proposed extension of the County Roads system.

   
   
  

this eouncil

 
 
 
  
 
  
  

   
   
   
  
  
 
 
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
 
 
 
   
  
  

  
 

  
   
  
  
  
  
   
 
    
    

[week 100 late would in the case-of | ried unanimously.” . y

some of our worst insects and dis- Council adjourned to meet to-morrow at 10 a.m.

| leases mean utter failure. There is a

z ood reason for each date of treat- THIRD DAY. -

3 ment given in the calendar. It is not a Simdwich, February 13th, 1919 °

guesswork,
* 5. Because the “spray calendar
‘states definitely’ the mixture or mix-
tures to use in each case and gives
the proper strength. Too strong &
"mixture would mean loss of money
and sometimes burning of the foliage
“or fruit; too weak a mixture failure
10 control the pest. ;
on | 6. Because several spray mix-
3 , &:g., Bordeaux mixture, can be
de at home. The spray calendar
ls how to make these.
7, Because by following the direc-
tions given ‘in the spray calendar,
most perfectly clean fruit and much
more of it can be obfained. -
Always ask for the latest spray
andar, since they are revised from
me to time, and new and better
sthods added in place of the old as
on as they have been sufficiendy

Conncil met atr10 AM

: Roll called. All members present but Mr. McKea.

Minutes of Wednesday were read. ; “3

On motion, minutes were adopted as read. 5 -
Order of the Day.

The following by-laws were read a first time: —

     

!mprovement.

    
   
    

te

arles of carta officials of the House of Refuge and Industrial Farm.

   
  
 
 
    
    
  
 

A by-law to provide for expenditure on the system of County Highways.

(roduced and read a first time.

   
 
 
     
    

AFTERNOON SESSION.

Council reassembled at 1 P.M. =.

Roll called. All members present but Mr, McKee.

On motion Gouncil adjourned to allow committees
at 4 PM. Ty 3 »

Council reassembled at 4 PM. 5 3

On motion, all rules were suspended for the despatch of business,

The Highways Committee presented their report.

Moved by Mr. Woollatt, seconded by Mr. Chauvin,
Highway Committee be adopted.—Carried. |

The Road and Bridge Committee presented their report,

‘How can spray calendars be ob-
ied? Send a postcard to the De-
iment of Agriculture, with a re-
for one, Write your name and
psp clearly. —L.. Caeser, -B.S.A.,

College, Guelph.

>
»

3 ;

   
  

® avd Bridge Committee bo’ adopted. —Carried.
The Finance Committee's report was. read a second time,

Finance Committee be adopted. —Carried. ¢

| s.0n of the County Council the question of adding t
la rond in the Township of Mafdstone ruling ni

! Biter Puce
|r A

he 2th the Chamber of’ Comm

and south, east

  

2

  

erce

    
   
     
  
   
   
   
  
   
    
      
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
    
    
    
    
 
  
   
    
   
    
 
 
  
     

the niembers, in support of the above petition.—Referred to the Highway

Mr. Woollatt, that he will, on Thursday, fntroduce a by-law to rafse
by-law to amend By-las7 No. 419,

. introduce a by-lay to'amend By-
fnws numbored 380 and 359. in¢peasing the salaries ofthe Keeper and Matron

Council adjourned to allow comniittees to meet sand reassemble at 3.80

The Highways Committee presented their report outlining the roads: to
Moved by Mry-Woollatt, seconded by’ Mr. Armstrong, that the report be

adopted and a scinedule of roads be prepared for the by-law to be passed by
resignating the roads as recommended by this committee. —Car-

A by-law .to repeal By-Law No. 419, appointing a Committee. for Highway

A by-law to amend By-laws numbered 359 and 388, increasing the sal:

On motion, all rules were suspended for.the dispatch of business, and a
by-law of the County of Essex in respect to Highway Improvement was in-

Council adjourned to allow commitiées to meet, and reassemble at 1 PM.

to meet, and reassemble

3 on
that the®eport of the

Moved by Mr. Tellier, seconded by Mr. Wyatt, that the report of the Road
The Finance Committee presented their report, and was read n first time.
Moved by Mr. Armstrong, seconded by Mr. Stuart, that the report of the

Moved by Mr, Woollatt, seconded by Mr. Renaud, that at the June” ses-

the. Good. Roads system
the

from the Tecumseh Road to the ‘Middle Rodd be taken up.—Car-

Mr. Armstrong, seconded by Mr, Brown, that Messrs, Woollatt
| re resolution. of Essex

ID,

Is Attracting Much Attention!

ing Suits, Spring

 

] You'll be delighted with our complete showing of new Spr

Overcoats,~ Spring Hats, New Ties, Shirts and Boys’ Apparel. Weliave gather-

ed for you here the smartest things to wear {hat the most dependable clothing

makers in the country can produce—all priced to meet your ideas of what you

want to pay.

8 The Smartest Suits in the
City for Young Men!

The perfect shaping of the shoul-
ders, the correct draping of back
and smooth set of the coat over the
chest and neck are the details that
men will appreciate... The materials
are in a wide variety and the pat-
terns and colors are plentiful.

There is no better way to demon-
strate our efficiency in providing
things to wear than in our provision
for men, Suits here in-smart style
ideas, all to express refinement in
fabrie,: quality and individuality in
_tailoring—a correct fit is assured.

$15 to $60

You'll feel some of our enthusiasm about these fine suits when you see
them. We've given our best knowledge oftvalues, our highest skill<in fashion

designing and the full force of our buying power to bring togetlier these newer,

 

Top Coats |
2 $15 to $30

This is a rare and unique display
«of fashionable and dependable éver-
coat niodels from the best coat mak-
ers in the country. Thrifty buyers
should instantly come and; witness
this showing because we believe it
is our supréme showing of the-best
garments that such prices will buy,

New Shirts

L« $1.25 and Up :
Come and see these new, Shirts,
and remember, we" don’t expect ta

at’...
profit” by your coming unless you
profit, too, and remember again; we

?
have the largest showing in town. \ ) B 0 U G
2

Soft cuff styles in wonderfully .at- A . om of
tractive colorings.y Windsor’s Greatest Clothier. -

From London, across the Atlantic,

as usual, comes our stock of

New
Christy Hats
At S600

* Beautiful Neckwear -

“We have.not seeg in our mdny
years ‘of business” activities such
beautiful neckwear and never before
have such ties been sos reasondbly
priced—the prices begin 35¢

 

 

     
  

 

 

County Council regarding the Provincial Highway and County Provincial High-
ways —Carried.
Council went into committee of the
by-laws; Mr: Armstrong in the chair,
By-laws read a second time clause
Council resumed. g
By-laws Nos. 423, 424, 425 and 426 were read a third time, numbered and
pagseds: ’ J

Moved by Mr. Woollatt, seconded by: Mr. Sturt, that in the event of the
Provincial “Highways Department not including. as County Provincial High: |
ways all the highwdys whichyby resolution this council has submitted, then
at the June session or some later session this.council undertake the con-

   
  

| northerly* following the Dj

whole for the second reading of the | Talbot Road.

 
     
   
     
   
     

by clanse, and the blanks filled in.
»

slip of Gosfield North.
Commencing at the

   
  
 
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
 
    
      
  

  

 

 

 

To the Warden and Members of Esgex County Council, Commencing an the

in Council assembledi—
Gentlemen,—Your Highways Committee beg leave to report:

We instructed tie Clerk to procure blue prints of the County of Essex,
mark the game with a proposed system of County Roads, embracing the
Townships and Towns that are notin the present system; the Clerk marked
the maps and cent a copy of same to the municipalities interested, and we
herewith submit the following report for your consideration:

Commencing at the easterly limits of the Town of Leamington, thence
casterly on the 1st Con, road. to the road between lots 18 and 19 in the Town-
ship of Mersea, thence northerly along the said road between | ts 18 and-19
to the Townline between Mersea and Tilbury West. ’

Commencing at the easterly limits of the Town of Leamington followlag

he said Talbot Road to the Village.of Wheatley.
(+ Commencing at the northerly limits of the Town of Leamington, thence
hortherly on the road between lots 6 and 7, or the Leamington Side Road, to
the Townlinesbetween Mersea and Tilbury West, thence easterly along the
said Townline rond between Mersen pnd Tilbury West to the Essex and Kent
County Line. ~ :

Commencing on the Essex and Kent County Line, on the road between
Tilbury North and Romney. at the termination of the present Kent County
| Road, thence westerly and southerly following the said County Line to the
tli Gon. rand in the Township of Romney, at which point it will’ join- the
present’ Kent County system, north of the Village of Wheatley. \

Commencing at tho westerly limits of the Town of Leamington, thence
westerly along the 2nd concession road, to the road between lots Nos. 9 and
10 in the Township of Gosfield South,

Commencing at the Essex and Kent County Line In the Township of
Mergen, thence westerly plong the road bétween concessions 7 afid 8 to the
Leamington Side Road.

Commencing on the road
of Mersea at the Leamington

  
    
   
  
     
  
 
 
 
   
  
   

 

westerly to the Townline

      

   
 
 
    
  

Louth connecting with the

   
 

  
   
 
  
 

ship.

  

Malden Township,

    
    
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
   
   
    
  

   
  

   
   
  

between Concessions 8 and 9 in the Township
Side Road, thence westerly along said rond ‘in | ¢én Townline,
Mersen and Gosfield North Townships to the rond between lots Nos, 12 and Commencing
13, or Belle River Road, in Gosfield North Township. i a ship on the Ande
Commencing at the easterly limits of the Town of Kingsville, thence line road betwee
easterly along the 1st Con. or Front Road to the rond between lots, 9 and 10
tn the Township of Gosfield. South, thence northerly along the sald road to)
the Talbot Road at the V. “ot Olinda, thence following the Talbot Road

to the limits of the Town BOX.

  

    
   
 
 
  
  

  

 
  

“All of which
g

   
    

 
  
   

  

Commencing: at the northerly

i Commencing at the Townline
ochester & 308 Nortli

4 ch 28s r and: Gosfield Nortli, theyce westerly on the

Nos. 12 and 13, or Belle River Road : le guid rond between lots
to the North Rear Road, then gout
lot8 Nos, 269 and 270, to the a

 

erly along the said road throgy 4

2 and 3, thence north tothe Anderdsy

Townline

South and Colchester South, at te;

Boktherly along the said Townline bad tg the Tow

PT: gong a the 1st Concession or Front Li a :

Grier r . between lots 67 aig 63, (10 43 Inthe Township of
(] 2 Concession Road in Colchigyap C6 northerly along sa

ommencing at the 2 A :

South 16 the Village of Hamou o2slon toad In i of Co

illage of Harrow, thy, on A ie Township of Colchester =

Nos. 9 and 10 to the road between Ginen,

said road between lots 4 and 5 to. Chagos Sand 5

North Townships, thence we 3
ning northwesterly to the ona
den Townships, then followin
chester North and Malden, theno
clong the road between C

Commencing at the easterly
westerly along the North Rear Raj oe of the. Town ShAmhe 5, 3
hips of Colchester North and po : recn tho Towa:
Na amensing at the South
> e N
Ron owe) road between lots 20 ad 21, or 1}

y along the sald Side Road th Reg oto Side Road, thence

Commencing at the south
erly
casterly along the Pike Road hs Fo

Commencing at he goutherl
southerly along the 1st il
and 15 in the Township of Malden" "TOR Roud to the road between

b encing at the south ;
in Malden Township, then a thy rey) between Concessions 7

Tesietfully submtied, -

   
  
 

Windsor’s_ Greatest Clothier.

Victory Bonds Taken at Par in Ex-
change for Clothing.

       
          
       
     
     
   
    
     
    
     
     
    
     
    
  
 
         
          

Equal in Quality, ‘Style,
workmanship to our Mens’
Suits are our—

SUITS
For Boys
$8.00 to $22.

Here assembled ave truly
wonderfully fine suits for little
chaps and elder-hio

“

 

i- Sturdy to withstand the hard-
ships that are expected of boys’
Suifs- -boys who are not overly
careful when at play.

Norfolll _ yiodels, cleverly

styled with pleated backs, full;
belts and slush pockets 3

  
 
 

 

ea

 

Full bloomers, fashioned to
; allow freed of novenient.

    
  
 

Suits 0 such a wide variety
that every hoy will find it an
easy. task to choose one to
Please him and the prices allow:
Very parent's purse, :

 

 
 

 

     
   

 

gs of the Town of Kingsville, ‘thence ‘
toad to the point’ of connection with the

 

Visi

I

bgrween the  Towpships of Maldstone,

thence southerly along the said road
SHA fiwesterly following the road between
oad between Concessions 6 and 7 fn the Town-

Westip]y ,
between Concessions 1 and ¥ limits of the Town of Kingsville on the road 2

in the Township ofsGosfield South, thence west-

struction of the roand“omitted by the Highway Department as a Provincial | chester South, 1 G the Townships 3
tr 08 the ili ips of Gosfle nn
ie a Fach raul vgre designated as a Provin- | South and ag: War ett bi he I g
5 Zhyay.—La . “lxoad between lots S6 and 66 Uy along the sald Townline roai- to the Ri
Council ‘adjourned. till the June session. along the road mentioned a the op of Malden, thence westerly -
Ar ;: tween Concesslons 6 g nship of "\ 3
: ny ou nance northerly along Ane Whe Toad pe &
COMMITTEE'S REPORT ADOPTED. ud, theico nen lo

WasL 10 the road betwee
and Malden Townline: amine

ud between the Townships of Gosfield
St Concission or Front Road, thence

 

ster South. d road to

alo.

northerly along He rond between lots
ce: thence westerly alon
ye Gor or Harrow Seni bod
eo olchester South and. Colchester
a ong the sald Townline to the road run-
i road between Colchester North.and Mal-
XN the Townline road between Col-
erly along adi. Townline Road and

7 \
Talbo Road at 014s el TOWESHID of Sandwich 4

 

rond be

 
  
   
       
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
     
  
   
  
   
  
      
    
  
     
    
  
 
 
      
     
    
  
 
  
  
   
 
  

Allorgoe Townline road between the Town-.

Road in the Township of Colchester .

{%the. North Rear Rond fn the sald Town-

\

&

8 of the Town of Amhers:by ence.
road. between Concessions on 3 in %

Y lim of the Town of Amherstburg,

ong said road

©

(Signed) WM. woo
