a

HY

¥
i

 

    

, these paers began publication
© 1863,

*

“ ° Monday night, Premier -Drury.
Shas

_ get beyond the common school. in
"3

heard of anywhere,

OF MEN'S CLOTHING, FURNISHING AND SHOES
Positively the BIGGEST SALE

er's Samples will be put on sale at both our stores, at 41 and 169 SANDWICH ST.,

 

A whole car load of Manufactur Ours,
EAST, WINDSOR. It will be the biggest price smashing sale ever known tn Windsor.

ese samples at whatever price they will bring.

positive orders to sell th SISLS :
Rain Coats, Pants, Hats, Caps, Woolen Underwear in Combinations and Singles, work and

coats, Suits, Mackinaws,

: Store will be closed on Monday and
the prices down on the entire stock to get ready for the largest sale every

MUST GO! NOTHING R

iS

nd Tues.. Dec: 15-16, to prepare a

00

 

 

 

     

Fy

mark

  

nd

H

ESERVED

al

   

Dress Shirts, Flannellette Shirts, Hosiery, Suspenders, Overall’s, etc.

We will close our stores for two days in order to get everyth

come in ; there will be thousands of Big Bargains that will be well worth getting,

150 MEN:
$60 and $65, they

rth $40 and
of ent they are made of the best material, latest style and

smart
We have the

1600 PAIRS
with a guarantee of

genuine Slaughter Price.

SHOES, an unlimited quantity made of the best
Calf, at $2.00 and $3.00 OFF the regular price.

MEN'S DRESS

 

 

 

OVERCOATS, some of them are worth as high as :
® R will all be sold at HALF PRICE. Some

same in MEN'S AND Y
and all will go at HALF PRICE.

OF MEN'S WORK SHOES of the best, every pair

§50, will also be cut in half. Re-
NG MEN'S SUITS,

selected leather, and all will go at a

a ™ og

 

F A PAIR OF RUBBERS FREE with every pair of dress
FE€€-= hoes. A good pair of WOOLEN SOCKS FREE with

every pair of work shoes.

FLEECED LINED UNDERWEAR, ‘at

ALL WOOL COMBINATIONS, heavy ribbed,
worth Six Dollars, on sale i

300, Dozen of MEN'S WOOLEN SOCKS
at just half the price they cost to-day

A big lot of LADIES SHOES, odd sizes, to be sold at. . $1.89 a pair
A Big Jot of LADIES RUBBERS, to be sold at

REMEMBER OUR STORES, |
41 and 69 SANDWICH STREET, H.

THE IDEAL STORES Windsor.

 

 

 

{HIGH SCHOOL ESSAY COMPOSI. LEAMINGTON.
TION. i
Mrs. Frank Miller underwent a suc
} "ollowing are the gw © hy ci for- appendicitis at
© Published by Following are the awards made hy ul operation rpendi k
J mi the Amherstburg High school staff on)” Tisdaje's hospital the first of the
THE ECHO PRIN TING ¢o., Limited frbe a ; the prize™ essay competition I i

JOHN'A. AULD,

President. Sec.-Treas, |

Henry Clay hds been

sident of the Windsor Curling Ciub

Gee, Elizabeth Gravelipe

ctivity of the Detroit

result | on Pred. Cuddy,

of an investiga 1 r ted |
by Unit A 3 1

1 »d in
» place |

snidgglers Dave | posaford; bronze medal. Bruce Hough

autas before}

at Detroit |

n road house

1 is sald 20 he the Cama-|y..n
who
tained. This place was watched {Wo ,¢ gasided merit the thanks of thé
Gays by revenue officers, and coneld-| ie js extended to the chairman and
sive evidence Is sald to have beem|n ombors of the local Victory Loan
whiskey by the case|c,mmitted and to the canvassers.

dian oasis where) sapplies” were ob-

obtained that
was being sold to Detroiters at an
exiortionate price

 

Owing to the steadily increasing
costs of production several hundred
daily and weekly newspapers have
either ceased publication entirely or

have amalgamdted with competilors.{g qo. of United Workmen of Can-lestate, was sold

A. W. MARSH, {2
campaign:

Hough,

and | yragalaf awarded by Ontario Poblicity
In} committee in the Provincial contest:

as Gott; bronze medal, Helen Golden.

again brought to light by the follow- {Campbell ang R. Hillier,
ing question and answer in the legal |Reuben David#on, Janitor.
columns of no Toronto paper:

lctory, Loan. the prizes, for \. T. Bristow
produced many compositions

ocal canVassers recent

 

frem A. E. Perry on Wigle strect, and
is getting the material on th ground
for the erection ofa new residence.
Glen Pumphy Is home for a few
days from the ©Orthopacdic: hospltal,
Toronto, wire ‘le has spent the past
{our months, having lost a leg in the
fate war. He will return to Toronto
to tale charge of gymnasium work at
nox (College. A
Kao (he last meeting of the Oddfel-
lows’ lodige the following officers were
elected for the new term: P.N.G.,
ivan Dresser; N.G. Ezra Whittle; (2
G., Ewart Stobbs; Sec, James Neil;
Treas. D. Kennedy. The rémafnder
of the officers will be appointed and
installed me time next month,

alle tf of King Cyrus Chap-
ter, Royal Arch Masons, Tuesday night
of last ‘week, tie following officers

were elected fOr

wrey, 1st i rincipal; i
Sha Principe H.; F. S. Moss,

> J; H. D. Robinson, Treas-
Pricipel T. Bristow, SE.; ‘A. Bunt

. Johnson, PS; G. A.

wi 1 Castles Auditors;

 

in the

Botsford,

has purchased a lot
Form iTl=-Janet Bruce
Edith Lowe.
Form ll-——Ena Laramie, Gladys Mc |

Form l—Douglas Gott, Helen Gold-

Recommenddfions for Provincial

Middle School—Silver medal, Janet
Lower School—Silver medal, Doug-

For the beneficial results.and the
interest aroused in a contest
produced: many compositions

BO ares un

A. 0. U. Ww.

"YThe affairs of the A.0.UW.

Lot 24, Con. 4 Gosfield, containing

= 8 tl the belonging to the Dubois
L. M. Appin—1 am” told that 100 acres and EE kv

Te was hoped that when the war en-lo 4, "44 o reserve fund of $1,300,000 | Dunn, the executor, to” Mrs. Witifam
ded conditions would improve, but), "yng and fs stronger than ever.|Gillanders, of Mersea——Jack Jackson

riore than a year has passed eince|gy 13 ‘not

trom W. Irwin the

this - sum be divided |ha spurchased

the hostilities ceased, and riot only} oho tne old members to repay the |store now occupied by J. T. Ferguson,

fins the expense account continued tof, co oo oo which they paid into the
increase, hut the cost of living has imma ago? FP

mounted. higher and higher. The
jatest amalgamation announced is
that of the Observer and Liberal, of
THsonburg, which after December 26
are to appear as The News. One of
the other fn 1877, The new
paper will be independent in politics.
Another paper that gave up the ghost
the past week was the Windsor Her-
ald, For the past year or two it was
publishied and distributed tree on the
strength of the advertising being
sufficient to pay the overhead. The
, successful in the the case of
London Bebo, provedia failure in
, which, though ft
m of 40,000 or more,

is essentially & one-paper town.

In his closing speech at North Bay

béen touring Northern Ontario,
“devoted considerable attention to the
question .af schools, which, he said,
g be not so much a ladder as &
‘broad flight of stairs; ‘and he sald
the first concern must be for the 90
per cent. of the children who never

ption in
nd dal
von the Ques

he would give | ay “afornion. Abort ie
opportunity i were taken
mpting. (20 | er of tha njired from

ntin

who | pay the dues “ipso facto™ cancels his

& a trontage of 35 feet om
gl slde of Talbot street west.

Answer—] have no information as |Mr, Fergu'#on has a lease of the store
to what-fund or sum ‘of money, may |tor three’ Years vet.
he In existence at the present time | -Rodell Sith is preparing to erect
belonging to or held in trust for thes conple Of houses at the southwest
Order of . United Workmen of Can-|corner af Eri¢ street south, on the
ada. 1 have, however, trong doubts |mjll prop’: which “he recently pur
as to there being any Such éum as)chpsed from Newian Askew. He has
you mention. If no one else has a|gola 38 fer north of the miii to
claim upon the fund, and. all death |Evero-t Lynn, who ls also preparing
claims and debts are paid, the sur-{to &rect a house. The work of dis-
plus or residue (if any) should be fling the mill and removing the
distributed among the members. But {much Rey fiss been. completed by
in these “Friendly Societies” the|xfr AgieW. and the building, which
money collefted from dues or admis-|pas purchased from W. Irwin the
sion fees fis intended to pay the [wi po Moved shortly to his premises
claimg dally arising from sickness or {on Eril® Sireet south. :
death, or funeral expenses, of mem-| Imperial Chapier, O. E. 8, clected
hers, and the insurance only contin- |the fol l0WINE officors at ita last meet
ues from month to month, or orthy Matron, Mrs. Belle Cul-

‘ear to Bh
year, while the dues are being paid,

Worthy Patron, M. Clunas; As-
and no longer. Any person failing to { Matron, Mrs. Josephine Smith;

Condu&tress: Mrs. Rosé Edsall; Asso-
clated .Ognductress, Mrs. Mary La-
marsh; geciretary Mrs. Lavina Lee;

1 Mra. Maggie, Robinson;

membership and ceases to have any

ga rhateyet pT oY,
owever, you can get information | Treasurer,

apon the subject by writing’ the | Trustees, Me" ‘W. W. Link, Mrs. Anna
napector of Life Insurance Companies | McLean; F', Moss. Installation was

Sor g da yevening when the
at-Ottawa. held. on Mog the officers were ap-

pointed and ¥ inatalled. cit

; i meeting mington
Clyde Fenner, the 13.yearold son 5

of Mrs. Fenner, Canal street,
was accid y shot in the shoulder >

by a companion, Leslie He

cers were clected for the
LP.M., D. W. Anderson;
.. McIntyre; S.

=

for many years. She was a
daughter of the late
Miller, and Is survived by one sister,
Mrs. Williams, of Ruthven, and two
brothers, one living at, Walkerville
and the other at Leamington. It Is
thought deceased was seized with the
fatal attack on Thursdty night.

“The County Police have laid’ infor.
mations against Clayton Toyn, of

| Leamington, who will be required to

zppear in ‘the Connty Police Court at
an early date on two! charges of vio-
inting the Ontario Temperance. Act.
The charges against him are for hav-
ing liquor on unauthorized premises,
and also with selling. It is alleged
that the defendant drove to the city)
recently with a cargo of whiskey! In
an endeavor to. find a sale here, It
Is, reported, however, that the sale of
pot as successful as it" might Have
been. the price being prohibitive. On
information received by the police the
informations were Iaid.”"—Chatham
News.

rp ——————

KINGSVILLE.

Dr. Earl Harris, of Detroit, was in|.

town on Friday at his parental home
attending his mother, Mrs. Herbert
Haris; who has been quite {IL
Wednesday evening a free cancert
was given in the town hall here by
the members of the Women’s Insti-
tote for the purpose of presenting a
flag to the town to be used on the
new steel flag pole, recently eregted.
The 'ha)) was quite well flled,; bat on
such an occasion there should have
been a crowded house. The follow-
ing program was of much interest.
and greatly enjoyed: Chairman's ad-
dress, Alderman Hubert Wigle; pre-
sentation of flag by Mrs. Thomas A.

Broadwell; selection by the Junior|

Orchestra; plano duet, Misses Iva
Oxley and Marie Kratz; song, Mrs.
Le Roy .Allen; reading, Mrs. Byron
Broadwell; selection by the Junior
Orchestra. Through the kindness of
Messrs. Harris and Russell two reels

fo pictures were shown. Song, Wil |

lam Brown; address, 'W. A. Smith

plano duet, Mrs,” Gosnell and Mrs, |
Allen; song, Guy Brown; duet, Mis-
ses Oxley and Scratch; selection by

the Junior Orchestra. The evening

was closed after singing the National

Anthem. - 3 .

GOSFIELD NORTH.

The sult of Mrs. Ellen Kay, widow

of the Iate John M. Kay, against her |”

son, Alvin Kay, on the list for trial
at the Supreme Court of Ontario be-
fore Juestice Lennox, wes settled be
fore coming up ‘for trial. Mrs. Kay
sued her son (lo recover
of the farm in which she was\given a
1ite estate by the will of her late hus:
band, J. M. Kay, and also the value of
various chattels. Mrs. Kay withdrew

her suit in consideration of a cash
vA. F. & A.M, fhe | ottlement of $8000 tor her life oe.

n; and $500 for the chat-.
we gS

A

(0) J in Da S. Wednesday, i
x Re he Yi will continue after these dates until the whole Stock has
~ been sold. : =

 

ing in shape and ready for

33 4nd 39.

 

Hannah §

 

 

 

A op ei

and Saturdgy, Det.

    
 

Thirsday, Friday

of Cost, “Loss or Profits Ws

| 2 Store

! Regardless

the Ide

 

wld

 

-
R —

Ever Heid in Windsor | |

We have tull_ authority, and
he Stock consists of Men’s and Boys’ Over-

the sale, but when we open, be the . first one to
at half the price you would have to pay somewhere else.

LADIES WHITE SWEATER COATS, worth $6 Sale Price $2.48

MEN'S OVERALLS AND JACKETS, worth $2.50 1
Closing Out Price... $ 89

One Lot of Men's Army Shirts worth $2.50,
on sale : et

Blue and Striped Walker's Union Made Overalls,
worth $3.00, on sale :

One lot of Men's Canvas Gloves, striped 18 cents
Bed Blankets, 10x4 $2.98; 11x4. $3.19; 12x4 $3.89

MEN'S NECKWEAR, DRESS HOSE, FINE UNION SUIT.

89c y Shirts worth $250,
A on 8 B

69c a pair

 

of

Is Headquarters for Children’s Playthings.

Big toys and little toys; toys for boys and toys for giris; mech
table games; toys for pure amusement, and toys to A Most por Tota Te
delight and happiness to the young folks are shown in all but endless assortment, . tA

FURNITURE FOR CHRISTMAS -

A FEW SUGGESTIONS FROM OUR GIFT SECTION:

BEDROOM SUITES FLOOR LAMP!
DINING SUITES \ Aber nad
PARLOR SUITES WICKER FURNITURE
KITCHEN OUTFITS TEA WAGONS
» DAVENPORTS ROCKERS :
.  OMERSTUFF SUITES ‘SEWING CABINETS
_ SMOKING STANDS BOOK BLOCKS

RUGS, COMFORTERS, RAG RUGS, CARPET SWEEPERS
. GERHARD HEINTZMAN PHONOGRAPHS

2 TEAHANFURNITURE C0.

1346 Sandwich St. West,

Fou

CW ae COANE COMM ANC COMM NE COA LAC COMM A POA NE COMING COM ANE COAI AS COMI AGG Er A GCP ANG OP Lr\ COP Lr, COOL CO LrN COS Lr. OC Oe Berrv a ld Bo >

      
 
