     
 

  
 
   

"october 10th

pu

Starting

   
 
 

 

 

 

=) sl cr : a

Off October with a Worthy Aim--To Be of Even Greater Service than Ever Be

The Store is Ready vith New Fashions, New Merchandise; New Activities, New Enthusiasm.

     
    
   
    
     
   
  
      

 

 

 

ee S—

 

ee ———

Mr. Man, A Suit that a Man Can Look at and Look Up To. -
In Asking you to examine our New Fall’Suitings, we just wish to make, this dis-_ |

How bout tinction, that the more you look at them the more you will look up to them’
: for there is something in the way these clothes are made

Your Fall Suit: that instinctively compels an honest man’s respect. ; i

WwW. R. BOYCE & CO, © Harrow.

_- THE EOHO IS THE OFFIOIAL PAPER OF THE TOWNSHIP OF O : : 5,
AR Cri ERQ as Mabel Solth of Lake iid AN PP 2 / ‘
| \ alr, is spending a few weeks Ww tl 0 OR U Y
: \ ‘4 HARROW. “k S M oO K E R S her friend, Miss Gladys a 5 : : T NIT ° 3
seeded ducted fuoteobs deste obese drbod msm EEE on mm . ah
Sehools. were closed on Wednesday \} yl) find your require: ;

for the Fair.
Next Monday. 18 Thanksgiving Duy (| pents fully provided for at

and a public holiday. >

 

 

      
 
  
 

 
 
 
  

  

Mrs, Smith, Mrs. Durrant and Miss

Arner represented the Harrow Maethod- =
{st Sunday school at the convention at You could not have a better chance thap right now to help your chick-

California on Tuesday.
Mr. and Mrs. Alex. Hebert, of Lake | ens along through moulting and keep them laying, by feeding them regularly

St. Clair, motored to Ira Brush's Wed- :
nesday to spend the day, and later in | with HESS PANACEA. - They need {t to keep up their strength through the

   
     
     
    
      
     
       
       
          
      
    
    
    
      
       
          
      
       
      
        
       
        
         
 
 
   
  
  

     

Mrs. Howard Chope is visiting her
parents, Mr, and Mrs, A, Brush. THE SENTINEL STORE the afterncon went to the Fair.
Mrs, Joseph *Drummond {is very ADAMS BLOCK = HARROW. Mrs, J. R..Fuller and son Jack have trying period of moulting. :
—— returned to thelr home in Detroit af- Al Te Her :
so look to your hogs. Nothing will pay you better than to push them

 

 

poorly at present, She {5 so far up In | ==
the 80's that not much improvement
Frank Herdman {8 advertising an

can be hoped for. J
Anniversary services will be held auction sale of horses, hay, etc, at
{fn the Baptist church next Sunday. Charles Pigeon's hotel for Saturday,
October 18th.

Rev. Hugh McDiarmid, of Walker-
ville, will preach. The “Banana Belt” will produce
anything. A very, nice sample of

 

ter spending the summer with her
parents, Mr, and Mrs. G. S. Cornwall. | ylong with INTERNATIONAL HOG FATNER. It is a wonderful tonic. tof
A

Anyone wishing a winter supply of

apples can get them by ordering early, | hogs. Why it will save you bushels of grain by bringing them up fat so much

as 1 am getting in a carlond of first-| sooner, Get a pail right awa

class stock. Prices reasonable, John ’ 8 yay. '

Automobile Accessories we Have in Stock

WINDSHIELD WEATHERSTRIP AND CLEANERS, CHANNEL BAR AND
G BUMPERS (with Ford and New Way Attachments), COLUMBIA

 

  

SPRIN
and RELIABLE BATTERIES, DOMINION TIRES and TUBES, STEER AID The Referendum Committee I8 ar- Readman.
ANTI-RATTLERS, FRENCH BEVEL MIRRORS, FORD COMBINATION rangiug for a Big mass meeting in the| sweet potatoes grown by John Clay,| Anniversary services will be held
TAIL LAMP/ TIRE COVERS, TIRE CHAINS, HAND HORNS, PEDAL RUB- Fei Hall on Saturddy evening, Oc: | Snake Lane, are shown In F. H. Fer-jat Oxley Methodist church next Sun- E. F,. DARBY, HARROW
BERS, FOLDING SEATS, LOCKTITE PATCHES BLO tober 18th. riss’ store, this week, Their appear-| jay at 8 and 7.30 o'clock, Rev. Ar- (J (ABLE LAXL2,
’ ’ ) WOUT PATCHES, | Mrs, Wilkinson, of Leamington, isfance fs up to ony fmported potatoes. |thur Spracklin will have charge, | DRUGGIST OPTICIAN
The question of consolidating sev-| while music will be rendered by the NOTARY PUBLIC STATIONERY

HOOK-ON-BOOTS, HEAD and TAIL LIGHT BULBS, FOOT PUMPS, BAT- | visiting her sister, Mrs. Carl Mitchell.
Mr. and Mrs. Wilkinson’ have just re- eral school sections with Harrow as
the center Is being freely discussed.

TERY TESTERS, TIRE TESTERS, AUTO JACKS, FLASHLIGHTS, SPARK A K
¥ urn rom Kentucky.

PLUGS of all kinds, RADIATOR HOSE, CHINAMEL AUTO ENAMEL, TOP | “wy the person who found two Har- Consolidated schools are nogéxperi-

ment. Where’ it has been tpd, both

DRESSING, HOLTON HOOD CLIPS FOR CHEVROLETS, 0-CEDAR, LIQUID row library books fn the buggy, placed
VENEER, SHINE EASY and SNOFLAKE POLISHES, FAN BELTS, AUTO | there by mistake, please return them in the United States and Lanada, it
to W. R. Boyce & Co's store. has. become very popular and there

FUSES, CURTAIN FASTENERS, UPHOLSTERY NAILS, DOOR ANTI-RAT-
The Liberty League opened an office {8 no great reason why it should not

TLERS, AUTO LOCKS, REPAIR CREEPERS, GREASE GUNS, and many {jn he Heaton Building, adjoining the be worked: out here. Two consolida-
other Auto Necessities. Consult us about your Auto Needs, bakery, Wednesday, and did consider- tions might be arranged, the five or
; able business soliciting membera. six sections surrounding Harrow, and

was reappointed | those in the eastern portion of the

a —
Andrew Wright

. 3 collector of taxes by the council Mon- township, with Arner as a center. Tt

8 | day, his salary being raised to $160,| has been demonstrated that this meth.

HA RROW Mr, Wright is now getting out his dé-| od not only reduces the cost to the

. : mands. ratepayers, but by introducing the

; ? 7 Anyone wishing a winter supply of highly organized graded school opens

FETED ER SRO apples can get them by ordering early,| up an opportunity for the girls and

by ing in a carload of first- boys in the rural districts to procure

Las } am gett }
lass stock. Prices reasonable, John advanced education, The only draw-
back Is that caused by the roads not

’ {
Mack's Grocery ! im

’ Thanksgiving services will be held being in fit condition for travel. the

year rdund, as no groups of children

. Thanksgiving offering taken up. C
If it's good to eat we have it. flirry an ou gon Come could be transportéd -at- the minimum
Our Canned Goods are as fresh as in harvest time! cost, but as Good Roads are now In

Harrow choir.
The ‘marriage of Miss Leta Vincent

and Clarence Bondy was quietly sol-

eninized at the Baptist pargonage on ¥
Tuesday evening by Rev. Thomas
Frears, They are receiving the con-
gratulations of friends. ; :

A. J. Fox demonstrated last week
Wags Ale foul Ford Ircon Sh ac- 0 i» 2 ig .
sn. rivin a 0, 4 nssey- a
pin avn Vo 4 us| Our New Terms and Our New Strictly Cash
. .
- Prices Commence

WEDNESDAY; OCTOBER 15th

pletely satisfied those who doubted its

ability as a driving power.
Under the direction of the Harrow

AND DON'T FORGET THE GUESSING CONTEST. = ~

A FEW PRICES EFFECTIVE THAT- DATE ARE FOUND BELOW.

WATCH THESE ADS. WEEKLY. &

 

 

   
     
  
  
 
 
  
 
   
      
   
     
  
  
   

   
  

    

 

  
    
     
  
 
  

     
   
 
 
    
      
   
    
       

 

Women’s Institute a mass meeting
will be held in the Ifethodist church
next Wednesday night, to begin at 8
o'clock. A literary and musical pro-
gram will be presented and addresses
on the Referendum will be (lelivered
by Rev.'s Durrant and Frears, Every-
body should be there.

Mrs. Amanda Elliott, widow of the
late Thomas J. Ellfott, who has been
for six weeks with Mrs. Angus’ Clark,
at Colchester, is now visiting Mrs,

     
    

   
   
   
     
    

 
 
  

»

    
 
  
     
      
     
   
   
  
  
 
 
    
      
    
 
     
  
   
  
   

 

  

ber 12th, Morning service at 11 a.m.
with Holy Communion; Evening, 7.30 sight, this objection to a system of
consolidation will soon.'be removed.

pm. No Sunday school, Special
PSE

 
   
   
     
   

 
    
   
       

Best Black Pepper—1 pound, ....s

 

 

 

  
      
       
    
     
   
 

    

 
 
   
 
 
  
   

   

. 7 Thanksgiving offeding thked up. COME | ooo si ribo roofodedadeoirb db ddd
Come fo the Harrow Fair one and all. ; oe et Perry Leighton and family in Amherst-
«Miss Daisy Brookland, who has been t COLCHESTER SOUTH 3% | burg, Mrs. Eliott is a daughter of the | Finest White Honey—per cake. ......... See A ea rl 36 cts.
nected with her father's tailor shop p + | ate Henry Wright and is 84 years of 3 ; re sees i
3 bbb de bbib bbb babe + | aga but In spite of the weight of Apricot Jam—=$1.10 41d tin Only. ....coeniiaiinieen hag a eee. $1.00 *
: i

    

the past ten years, give up the po=
sition this week, owing to her health
requiring it, and leaves next week far

years s'yet quite smart and enjoys
13t6 with the best of them. 3

When Dr. Maxwell was paying his

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 

Gearge Cox is on the sick list,
Albert Fox is putting a basement

Next Tuesday and Wednesday

 
   
  
 

  
   
     
  
    
  
   
   
 

i TB CONOR

   
      
    
 
  
     
     
   
  
   
   
      
   
    
    
    
   
     
      
   

 

 

 

  
   
 
  
 
   

HARROW the: west. She will remain With herji gor his summer cottage
, . 5g !
GROCER ig Wlinipsg tor soma Hie Miss VanValkenburg,: Brantford, 18 visits to the ‘schools of this township,
Bnd aa x 0 tho ass = b T.| the guest of Mrs. Suddaby. . last week, he was very agreeably sur-| Instant Postum—30c tin only: ............ vs ebene Er Sp v4.28 cts.
Bo a a MO BT hating, of ngage 3 25 ; rs. “arrs. Eva Clark, Mrs. Erle Herdman prised to find one gehool where much | : A y ;
; Bg. Ys Toronto, who have| sor." Roy Butler‘were city visitors {ntérest had been taken in the school | BIUGINE—DINEMANE. «oer cre nraporenss ERA Ad nd 7 cas.; 4 for 25 cts.
garden—the Potlake school, taught by | my, ong. 90-yard spools, only. ......... TE, er '.8 cte

come to Harrow wth a view to a
x on Saturday.
Oe TS peloeiolicd fertile bdedl ES aT tive; Miss lia Bel spent a tow days
1 his’ week wi he sses acke!
WINTER 1 COMIN GF {mores es hid ho LODE roma) and iv, mire. |

last Thursday afternoon, when at tha|
: EE close of the regular business Mrs. Mrs-spdired Mills, Walkerville is
r Underwear: Come and see suffering “with n severe attack of ery-
Lined and Wool

Miss-Utah Malott, of Ruthven. The
efforts of Miss Malott and her scholars
have been abundantly, rewdrded-in a
garden which gives Ample evidence of
much care and attention, and the pro-
fusion of flowers, vegetables and pro-
ducts of“all kinds is creditable indeed

to the school.

 

   
      
 

Bermuda Butter—per ....... TALL

    
   
  

  
    

     
   
   
    
    
     
   

 

  
    
    
  
    
  
   

   
 
    
      
    
    
  
  
    
  
   
  
 
   
       
         
       
          
       
   
  
    
   
    
  
  
  
 
   
    
 
  

 

 

 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  

Bowlby, of Windsor, gave an interest-
sipelas in her face.
ing report of the annual convention J. H, More, merchant, of Souris,

 

“The Tight time to see about Winte

 

Snap—20c ting, only. .....v. icici ;

 

our big stack on sale at the old prices. Cottons, Fleece]
lens—all sizes. ’ : held in Montreal, to Which she Was 8] nupjtoba, on a business east, i
for bargains in Footwenr. A full, up-to-date delegate; then Mrs. (Dr.) Cargrain, of called on relatives here. trip More modern methods of agriculture Crbapple Jelly—regular 45 cts i : ‘ 40
Hed or Fa MeCormlck, of Amherst: are being adopted constantly in the C y—Togu \ ASE ROE ange cts.
Oatmenl—3%, TB. for............ lh eR Dati wie BS ‘cts.

| Windsor, gave a very stirring address
on thie tuberculosis sanitapjum at

Unlon-on-theLake, of which she {8

“Banana Belt,” to increase production,
conserve molsture, dave time, and in

   
 
  
  

“Come to our Shoe Dept.
= All sizes and styles for Men, Women and

stock at the lowest prices.
burg, is spending a wdék with her sis-

   
   
   
  
   
    
    
         
 
  
   
 
  
   
  
   
    
   
   
   
 
    
   
  

COFFEE—Dalley's and Chase & Sanborn's—I1-1b, tihe— regular 65c., only 60c :

    
  
   
     
   
   
     
 

     
   
   
   
   
  
  

   
  
   
   
   
  
   
   

 

 

 

 

 

    
     
     
    
     
    
   

    
 
      
        
    

Children, N
W w supply of Blankets—all kinds and colors—Wool—
ER — burr Towelling, Dey Goods of all kinds. President, also touching on her exper- et, Mrs, id 5 Moos (us Har. | the end add to profits, a Sroater amr
Eat Falrful's Bread and enjoy your meals. Delivered fresh every jence abroad, pose, ghe Was Jno Tost Hone services in Christ church | ount of fertilizer is spread on the 3 b por <5
day. Groceries; Fruit, Candy. LB pa) - hosoliale were not very wel} attend land, carloads of tile are being plant- Potted Chicken, Venison, Tongue, Ham, in glasses—only 24 cts.
Wo pay, the highest price for Eggs and Buich JPranco on “Educational Work," | Malcolm Oe Manitoba, who | ed and the lutest farm machinery in| pack Cat Polish—worth 20’ cts, only. ......-. pe Vive ness 15 ctS.
er ; “Farmers’ Store BOY Mrs. Sharp, of Tilbury. on ihe | hina been visiting relatives DN ooabouts, | stalled. In this connection F. B. ¥ " : 7
| ADsablement Fund for Soldiers” all lenves next week for the west. Sinasac sold this fall for immediate | Hait-Time and Packard’s!Paste Polish—worth 15 cts, only....... soar 10 Cte
Phone 67 HARROW. - £which were listened to with mirked | . Albert Tofflemire had double, sun. | delivery several narrow "disc drills 3 : : >
. hm? The meeting closed with flowers which contained &2 blossoms gud joe the ors of Shaker Salt—per pkg. only...i..,... . elas sas wine wmv or... 10 cts,
the National Anthem.-after Which a sach. “This is considered 8 Xoo ve. pifint fall wheat between the rows of Swallow Salmon—has been 22 CfS...%... Rog
corn before it is cut, while the ground | 5 pe Jemima Pancake FIOUE—0DLY . 2st vie ss sinisinin ns

2: was Hl from Friday to Monday with

dainty lunch was gorved.
summer grippe,, and the school was

A recent visit of some important of- is fn a high state of cultivation and

holding sufficfent moisture to promote

 
  

  

Cream Cheese—30¢ and 15¢ pEgs., ‘only...

   
     
   
   
  
   
   
      
    
 

     
 

   
  

    
   
  
  
  
   

clals of the O. P. R. 1 poliits along pe
otte E .
tle line oF is Pere sr el Mr. and Mrs. Martin Barney and the early sprouting of the grain.. This ® ]
Wk iho answer seems {0 a | children, Bernard and Denelda, of To- is an entirely new Iden din this town- codes ‘punod 19d—00JAULT - 0 see see ere co Cerna
2 following despatch | ledo, O., visited last week at the home ship, but the fact that the drills are Maple Leaf. Sal Itt 17, J 28 ctu. =
found in the “It 1a| of G."W. Barney. gelling readily shows that those who | Maple Lea almon—Small ting Only........osvee Cee sasiraeneese. 28 0
: have used them In other places know w Large tins-only......... fap mt Sa rie ...48 cts.

   
   
  
  
 

 

Mr. and Mra. Mitchell and two chil-
dren, of Colton, motored to Colchester
this. week, and are visiting her father,
George Tofflemire. "

W. J Anderson has been awarded
the contract of excavating the Potlake
Road drain at the éstimate—§862, ‘with

Joseph Bondy, commissioner.

Will all those in arréars for work in
Bile and Christ church cemeteries
please Diy’ their accounts without re-
quiring 15.pe billed. A. Tofflemire,
caretaker. ~ N
cpio nar Judge its will hold
summation devoutly to be wished for a revision on the township vot- :
by the municipalites in Essex county £30 J on: gthuntay, “Ousohes 1g at| temper 27th. Their many friends i
gorved by thesPere Marquette: appeals. ¢ are only afew mingri igh them every happiness. —Mr. and| 5 RS Er !

The Village Trustees complain that} Tomy ig corn inity had 1 ; Mrs, Mark Whaley. delightfully enter- : ea 1S 1St fy li
the Hydro orgnmzation are tardy of the dag, 5 Jin dn 4 i] Jroa) tained a large number of their friends | X : ec
carying out their contracts, whether tanson Wednesday morning. It}, un party and marshmallow To heron ad 3 Then Soo Me to Prices: : ai :

was 106 Jight to damage the tomatobs :

| because of the difficulty of getting ] 8! atons, | 11oir home on Friday evening, Rev ;
help or a general slowing up of acti: i only crop that stands to be |r Creasy, was present and organized AllLL H. © f ie
vitles is not. knowr, Early 18 oe Nilgen Women's Institute will have an Bpworth League, With Mr. fi gs ng SA Tractors: a iki ; EL
summer taking heed to suggestions charian as president.—A large number Doherty-Organs ; |Also Tractor Disc Harrow

fi old-fashioned social and enter \
from some of the business WET that ( of the Indy friends of Mrs. Cecll Squire Singer, williams, Raymond and White [Chatham Wagons

gave her a muscellaneous shower at m. Gray. Sons’ Buggles 7 .
DeLaval, Lily and Magnet Cream Sep-/

3 Xo mn t the New York Evening Glohet i
ing Winter you will wan learned from a source which lias bevii
This coming ¥ summation devoutly to be wis

to be garbed in smart IE Sut on Pere Marquett i
Furs or a Fur Coat—but the time that Canadian Pacific

0 believed to be buying t
to prepare Is right now from the te object of gaining control.
fact that the raw pelts fave ad- M@!said further that the Canadians were
vanced so greatly that it is im-

prepared to pay much higher than the

duplicat th “furs at | present quotations. It: was also learn-
possible to dup icate the"
their present prices. t

ed that the same “people who bought
the stock early: in the summer, When

If you buy your Furs NOW, you
will save money.

{t was up around 26, have been heavy
purchasers of it {n the last few days.
Mail inquiries solicited.
Buy Direct From the Maker

that they are money makers.
Ama Be
GOSFIELD SOUTH. °

A number of the friends and neigh-
bors of Miss Hazel Corlette gave her
a pleasant surprise party at her
home /on* Wednesday evening before
her departure for Toronto to attend
faculty. Miss Corlette laft for Toron- |i
to on Friday accompanied by her
father, who remained there until Mon-
day.—Miss Greta Whittle and Cecil
Squire” were quletly married at the
“Methodist parsonnge, Ruthven, Sep-|:

    
       
   
  
 
   
  
    
     
  
    

   

e past

 
   
    
   

   
  

 
  
 
  
 
  

 

    

   
 
     
          
          

   
  
     
     
    
   
 
  
    
 

  
  
   
  
   
    
     
    

 

    

 

. 1s
‘«Home of Good Eats” .

 

      

       
  
 

 
  
 
 
   
 
    
    
    
   
  
   
     
    

      
     
   
    
  
    
    
     

     
        
       
    
 
 
   

    
     
   

 

     

It this deal goes through it°is a.con-

 

      
 
 

  
 

   
  
       
   
   
   
 
   
    
    
     

   
  

    

 

       

      
      
   

   
  
     

     
    

  

    
   

 

     

 

L 93 East Pitt St.

Maer of W. 1, 0'DONNE L  winosoR

       

    
     

 

 

    
       
  
 
  

   
    
 
   

    

i - 2 \ “
7 Fine Furs BH “First Floor Osterhout Building ment at, the Unfon - Sunday School
4 A » ving the street lights from the side 78 F me
Es re rs he treets under the trees, » shin Jan n Thursday GYERInE, Ogtober ‘the home of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. owing Machines. I
dle of the street Wo! 0 Alfred Whittle, Wednesday afternoon. 1 good Wood Land Roller in good con:| ~~ arators i : 3
SPECIAL PRICES,

down the mid hod and have’
1a the efficiency of the system |DOG¥ Sane ave(a good time. She received a large number of hand-
rove a great benefit, the Trus- Tarik Pollard,.son of Mr. and Mrs. | ,ome presents. Ro ey
fons took the matter up with the Hy- Fin poll. is employed by the Arner.
dro ofcinls, who'agreed with the con-| =r Tight 18 Eo “ siptaingd r Miss Ethel Wride spent a tew days
Or otion nnd - decided that the work i? By'Gf at Weoks| with friends at Wayne, Mich. —Mra. M,|
thouM ba -done under the direction} oc ! 3. Ho 8 be | rulmer mn leased. Nor. form and fn:|
Trustees, but the summer has | EC PLS 0 ast Jol eriomh ony :| tends moving to Dutton~—Miss C. ,
sk ; rrow ed: | orichton Is spending a fow days at R.
. wl otto Lh ep ‘A. Scott's, Windsor.—Mrs. George
deserves bette Aor Mo , the, o0 ‘Quick. and son Milford have returned Ray
on nday passed a resolution author ST 88
‘The trafic congasti st tio PSY | sing the clerk 0 notify Fore Man. | ome: after. vibiting intives. at Bt. Ra

2
as, whs| condition. Th
It wha Co ition that fo 8
3 ofthe plan’ of elootr
ette Railway

dition :
Tl A few odd lines to clean out.

Disc Harrows_ (used) |
Some good secondhand! Separatorsand Sewing Machines op hand.

. Issuer of Marriage Liconses.

JOHN READMAN

 

 

      
  
  

    
      

 

 

  
   
   
     

  
   
 
 
 
 
  

 
      
   
 
  

      
    
    

    
   
  

HARROW

 
