  
   

 

 

Municipality of the Town of Am

Town of Amherstburg

 

  

— THE AMHERSTBURG E

pod 4! 50% add Tos ¥

    

to the ca :
and all Sohal fyested, tho service rendered, th comparative revenue derived,

 

  

By-Law No. --....

A BYHAW to authorize a certain agreement mad t
tric Power Commision of Ontarié and the Mu has

en The Hydro'Elec. (4) Tq keep, observe and perform tho covenants, provisos and condi

le conditions,
(c)

;
Beets, oF 2 Dake 3 dgreement or arrangement with, and to grant no bonus,

: nducement to any other railway or transportation m|
Without the written consent of the Comminnten’ pers : Epmpany

  
 
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

tions set forth in

   
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
   
  
  
   
    
  
 

  
 

rs
{

CHO,

 
 
   
 

EE eee

SCHEDULE “B”.

 

 

Total amount of
debentures to be Is-
auéd by respective
Municipalities for de-
posit with the Com-

   
     
   
   
  
  

  
    
   
 

MUNICIPAL

 
  
      
    
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
     
    
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
  
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
  
  
 
     
  
     

     
  
 
 

 

 

 

 
     

uniclpal Corporation of tf this agreement intended tobe Kept and observed and | AME OF y mission under
Tovn of Amherstburg, and other Municipal Corp for th 8 Jorforimed by the corporations, and to execute such further or other CORPORATION. Cluuse 2 (b)
adios actu it ; » for the con-| documents and to pass such bylaws ns may be requested by the C Township of Sandwich Bast....................... vores $260,485 .
: stru q M, equipment and operation of an Electric Railway | @‘sslon for the purpose of fully effectuating the objects and RE, of oo. Township of Sandwich West, ...,.. LR Pn AER Si pn 251 ‘#10 ot. superiority are re
j under ‘The Hydro-Electrio Railway Act, 1914,” and amendments thereto, SSreoment; ’ Townsip of Anderdon....... se Mirsada swe ewer rary -» 143,636 Zam-Buk’s wonderful
Whereas it'{sxpedlent that the Corporation of the Town of A lines of the Commiseior cy Bit of Way for the rallway and for the power [ TOWN of Waskaraiie, 11: ; I ais 200048 ion ErTice
and other Municipal Ruzyordians should enter Info an aereon o Lberstburg | HES uested i nia any property of the corporations upon being {0D oh Das x Tuas set - 00390 1 ZAM-BUK 18 ANTISEPTICS
Hydro-Electric Railway Act, 194!" Wu urn Xe greement under “The | ® 1 ed by the Commission, and to execute such conveyance thereof | 10Wn of Sandwich. .... +s leinte s ictelin -o0e 262,173 Applied to a sore or wound it
1 Electric Power Commission of Ont; AILGHUments thereto, with the Hydro- | °F 48reement with rogard thereto as may be desired by the CommiBEion Town of. Ojibway......, coon 44515 stroya all germs, and acts as a
en Re om us 0 ntario, hereinatter called the Commission, 3. It shall bo lawful and the Commission Is hereby authorized to create | XOWD Of CAMNOrStbUrE. .........cooiiuisin.i., seo. 126,867 protection, thus preventin tester
I he ST i Manion od, opsratiod of an Rlectric etn by rented an lssue of bonds, and to sell or dispose of the same | CIY of Windsor....... Rn Eran san A RN ns ws Se 746,132 ing and Arr Ahh, g font 5
y 6 Town o mheratburg, and | “0 behalf of the corporations, Such bonds to be ch d . o EN NG—
te wo dy : h A aghe 8 to bo charged upon and secured 2. ZAM. SOOTHING.
ST ey ra izien, ey ing ry gr pis fri fo ar wey, and Va the assols, rights, privileges, revenues, works, [ T0tal amount of bonds to be famed mentioned in Clause 3... ...$2,100,00 ‘ This Se oi it indispens-
Agreement get out in this By- |} 'rty and effects belonging thereto or held or used In connection with flamed con-
Jaw, 4a) Borording to the routes set forth in Schedule “A” to the said he Maliway FO oructed, acquired, operated and maintained by the Com The Municipal Corporation of.........J.... cot 5 ditions of the. atin Re mend, for
E "And whereas the estimated cost of the work . os uiler this agreement, and to be for the total amounts mentioned in ERECT RET Pr Lr eR remy tab ary » skin infuries. It ends Saritation; :
- js $2,100,000.00; and whereas the portion oo, ndar tina Agreement ny i hereto Misencdy provide that the Commission may, upon Serre rerrrire enn . stops pain and draws out y
3 y WOU; COSL of the construction consent as herein defined of the majority of the corporations, Frrronsirayresnyyrs er + A th hen
acquisition and equipment of the line to be borne by the Cor , | increase the sal i Sa mers arat thought, when 83
poration of the 0 sald bond {ssue by any amount necessary to cover the capital
Municipality of the Town of Amherstburg Is estimated at $126,567.00 cost of extend e capita child {is hurt, is to end the pain.
I Te 26,567.00, as set ng the railway, and may al %
out In Schedule "B" to the sald Agreement, subject to adjustments and | the said bond issue to cover the cost a Bibb) or equipment of The Hydro-Blactric Power Commission NG ZAM BTR HEAL i Pinaliy
SE yarrenn the Warporttions by the Commission from time to pa) Tor use on the railway to an extent ‘not exceeding ten per cent, of Ontarfo having antisoptically So rImany: "
ime, sald Agreement; %) of the bonds issued from time to time. In order to meet and on. TRE he RS Er i pain snd
And whereas the total amount estimated to be required for the main. | 8uch bonds and interest as the same becomes due and payable the com. > Chuirman sorentas, ‘the. healins I . :
tenance of the railway, apart from operating expenses, is $134,000.00 (the | Mission shall in each year after the expiration of ten years from the date YEE Arie or ley ot EASE Eien ads a T Zam-Buk od braving uli pir
ersjating revenue being estimated at $491,000.00), and. operation and main. of the jssue of the bonds out of the revenue of the rafiway after payments Secretary of new 3 dn ee ink 41sp-
ten ,000.00. OL operating expenses (including electrical power) and the-cost of adminis- NOTICE, enr wh 7
; : ere Zam-
fod A Lwiiersis thoLoial anus) amount estimated to be required for the per- Irathoy sat asia a sufficient sum to provide a sinking fund for the purpose of Tl NoTIOR at the foregoing fs a true copy of -a-proposed Bylaw | " 1t is pct ek In ol for
10 y following the date of Issue of the Bonds Is to ba redeeming the same at maturity. Debentures fssued by the corporations orporation of the Town of Amherstburg to be submitted to: ths votes eczéma, pimples, ulfers,’ piles,
issued under the said agreement for interest on the sald Bonds Is $95,765.00 | In compliance with clause 2 (b) hereof, shall, to the extent of tho par value of the electors on ‘the sixth day of December, A.D. 1919, between tte: Hours | 1504. olspaing. y a > "i
and for slfaking fund charges is $18,490.00, and for the period of thirty years] Of 30¥ bonds outstanding from time to time, be held or disposad of by. the | Of Bie o'clock in the forenoon and five o'clock in. the. afternoon Sf ure Be. bor. Co a5
following the sald ten-year period for interest is $95,765.00 and for sinking | YommIssion In trust for the holders of such bonds as ecollatera) security for | 10WIng places: — [I
fund is $21,000.00, and-Aor the period! of ten years following the sald thirty. PAyment thereof, it being understood and agreed that in the gvent of any In Ward 1, at the old 8, W. & A. waiting room, Ramsay Street,
year period for interest is $12,650.00 and for sinking fund is $2,510.00. ~ [increase of the said bond issue each corporation shall, upon the request of 12 Ward 2. at the Town Hall, Apsley Street.
And whereas the portion to be borme by the Municipality of the Town | the Commission, deposit with the Commission additional debenthees. os In Ward 3, at the old Bell Telephone building, corner of Richmond and
of Amherstburg of the said annual amaunts estimated to be required for | cScribed In clause 2 (b) hereof, to be held or disposed of by the Commis. | Pallousie Streots,
walntenance, sinking fund charges and interest is estimated at $14,997.19 | £100 as collateral security for such Increase of the said bond issue, and thn And that the fifth day of December, A.D. 1919, at two o'clock In the affer-
for the firet tew years 15 aforesaid, and {or the next following thirty years at |anY debentures held by tho Commission In excess of the par value of tha | P00n.at the Town Hall in the said Municipality has been fixed for the appoint-
4 $15,148.83 and thereafter at $9,005.15, on tho same basis as the portlon of| 2U!standing bonds from time fo time may be held or disposed of by the [ Mehl of persons to attend at the polling places and at the final summing up

the cost of construction and equipment, ms aforesaid, subject to. adjustments
acd ‘apportionment between the Corporations by the Commission from time

to time as provided by the sald agreement;

3 neither principal nor interest is in arrears;

Therefore the Municipal Council of the Corporation of the Town of Am
lierstburg enacts as follows:

1. It shall be lawful for the Corporation ®f the Town of Amherstburg,

Corporation and to attach the seal of the Corporation thereto,

i Made. passed and entered this ........ QBY OF, mre ings 19.
A A Thi et alas
or a Yea
Clerk
AGREEMENT HEREINBEFORE REFRRED TO.
This indéntmie made the ,....,...... RY OF, horde ts vis ebm iiint Dea aa uly in
the year of our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and

Between

THE HYDRO-ELECTRIC POWER COMMISSION OF ONTARIO (here-
inafter called the “Commission”) of the First Part, P

and

The Municipal Corporation‘af the Township of Sandwich East, the Town-
ship of Sandwich West, the Township of Anderdon, the Town off Ford City,

1 the Town of Walkerville, the Town of Sandwich, the Town of Ofilbway, the
Town of Amherstburg, and the City of Windsor, (hereinafter called the “Cor-
porations”) of the Second Part.

1 ~f Whereas pursuant to the Hydro-Electric Railway Act, 1914, and amend-
ments thereto the Commission jg requested to Inquire ‘into, exwmine,
investigate and report upon the cost of construction and operation of an
electric: rallway or rallways to be constructed through certain districts in

which the corporations are situated, together with the probable revenue that

K would result from the operation of such rallway or railways;

x And whereas the Commission has furnished the corporations with such

oa a report showing (1) the total -erstimated cost. operating revenue and

A expenses of the railway or ‘railways, and (2) the ‘proportion of the
capital cost to be borne by wach of the corporations as set forth In schedule
“B"” attached hereto;

And whereas on receipt of the sald report .the corporations requested

E the Commission to construct; equip and operate a system of electric rafl-

5 ways (hereinafter called the railway) over the routes lald down In schedule

/ “A” attached hereto, upon the terms and conditions and in the manner here-
in set forth; i

And ‘whereas the Commission has agreed with the corporgtions -on

behalf-of<the corporations to construct, equip and operate the railway upon

the terms and conditions and in the manner herein set forth; but upon

: the express conditions that the Commission shall not in any way be liable

x Dy reason of any error or omission in any estimates, plans or specifications

; {or any financial or other.obligation or loss whatsoever by ‘virtue of this
. agreement or arising out of the-performance of the terms thereof; ;
SA And whereas the slécizn <2 -aach of“the corporations have - -eapted
; to. by-laws authorizing the corporations to enter into this agreement ‘with
the Commissjon for ths construction, equipment and operation of the rail-
way ns laid down in the said schedule, subject to theyfollowing terms and
; Conditions; 8
i“ ! And whereas the Corporations thave each issued debentures for the
amounts set forth in Schédule “B” attached hereto, and have deposited the
said debéntures with the Commission; wi
{ ' Now, therefore, this indenture witnesseth:— :
1, In consideration of the premises and of the agreefents of the cor-
porations herein contalnsd, and subject to tha.provisions of. the sald Act
and. amendments therels, the Commission agrees with the corporations

respectively: —
Pa) To construct, equip and operate the, railway through the districts
oe in which the corporations are situate on behulf of the corporations;

(b) To construct and operate the railway over the routes laid down in
i schedule “A”; ‘ i
(cy To issue bonds, as provided In parsgraph : of this agreement, to

§ cover the cost of constricting and equipping the railway;
of y (d) To furnish as fas ng possible first-class modern and standard equip-
ment for use on the rallway. {o operate this equipment so us to give the host
a service and accommodation possible, having, regard to the district serve ,
i the type of construction and éuipment adopted and alk other equitable con-
aitions, and to exercise all due skill and diligence so as to secure the most
effective operation and service of the railway consistent with good manage-

To regulate and fix the fares and rates of toll to be collected by the

ailw nsses of servics; ; 4 4
a hee the Joules dod property of thé rallway for all purposes
i v ssible to obxain a profit.
iis the properly and works of the railway and the power
lines of the Commission where sUky combination is feasible and may prove
cronomical to both the railway ang’ {he users. of the power lines; ers
(h) To permit sud obtain Hiterchange of traffic with other railways
v sible and profitable; :
er ot electric ower 'or energy for operation of tbe railway at
1ates consistent with those sharged to municipal corporations; Sui ssicr alt
(§) ‘To apportion annudily the capital tosis and operating exp a3 oF all
works, apparatus and planf ysed by the railway in common a I
mission's transmission }ffes in 8 fair Tg regard. se 0
furnished by the eX o under consideration; 2
A ay A deriyed from onnratinm of Lh8  raiivay Sad 5
other revenue derived from the undertalitig to Ho Jayment 4  operailiy
expenses (Including elecisical yowar), the re ah if pit and such other
harges for interest ang sinking fund on tiie money mv y ;

a a shercafter remaining al Thus) som
for the renewal of any works belonging in whole or in part to :
wk f deemed advisable by
@ corporations, If deeme

the a I Catal A undertaking, any surplus that my
re main after providing for the {terns abave mentioned. i The diziston of
such surplus. batween th corporation? (5 CEE C5 peti ta tho capi
oitans bale, a fue comparative benefits derived,” all
I I !

other like conditions; o of constructing, equipping and
(n) To take active 1 4 for the Pablo. dato attr the execution of

t
: he ing the railway ot porations and the depoxlt of the debentures as

culled for under clause 2 (9) hereof and to commence operation of each

lot Yims BF +
scction as soon an pasaible after ite comDIONE by 10 schedule “A”

(0). To make Ach exten ime to time.
§ XH d profitable from time
as may appear us’ 08 ? raflway 0 be constructed and
Provided afwaw that ab as en Sir Boly lease or obtain

operated Cea railway, electrical railway. or street railway
ore, and
or

|
Td

 
   
  

     
    

  

     
    
  
   
    
   

  

  
    
 
 

  

 
   
 

 
  
  
  
  
 

 
  
  
 

 

 

 

Tunning ee, at wherever the words “construction”, “con-
or any part, tracting” occur in this ageement they shall bo
structed,” : red,” “acquire” or “acquiring.”
pti 10  wacquisition, “acquired,” *acq

   

   
  

   

     

time to’ time;
schedule “B’

And whereas-flie amount of the whole rateable property of the Corpor-
ation according to the last revised Assessmenit Roll is $1,072,451.00, and the
amount of the debenture debt of the Corporation is $73,227.48, of which

and. the said Corporation {8 hereby authorized to enter into the following
ageement with the Hydro-Blectric Power Commnission of Ontario and other
Corporations, the said agreement being hereby incorporated into and forming
part of this By-law, and the Mayor and Clerk of the Corporation are hereby
authorized and directed to execute the said agreemwnt upon behalf of this

‘| tions that may be made by the parties; andsthe Commission shall adjust

  

  
   
 

! : trom the
Boundary of the Town of Walkerville to Elm Avenues and - :

Race Track that

   
  
  
   
    
    
  
   

the railway, And that

4. In the event of the revenue derived from the operation of the under-
taking being insufficient In any year to meet the operating expenses (includ-
Ing electrical power), the cost of administration and the annual charges

  
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
   
   
 
  

works belonging in whole or in part to the railway, such deficit shall be
pald to the Commission by the corporations upon demand of and in the
proportion adjusted by the Commission. In the event of the faflure of
any corporation to pay its share of such a deficit as adjusted by the Com-
mission, jt shall be lawful for the Commission in the manner provided in
clause 2 (b) to dispose of debentures held by the Commission as security
for any such deficit. Any arrears by any corporation shall bear interest at

the debt or li
the proposed

Commission under this agreement, the Commission may, in addition to all
other remedies and without notice, discontinue the service of the rallway
to such corporation in default unt the sald obligation has heen fulfilled,
and no such discontinuance of serpfce shall relieve the corporation in default
from the performance of the venants, provisos and conditions herein
contained.

6. In case the Commission shall at.any time or times be prevented from
operating the railway or any part thereof by strike, lockout, riot, fire,
Invasion, explosion, act of God, or the King's enemies, or any other cause
reasonably beyond its control, then the Commission ‘hall nat be bound to
operate the railway or such part thereof during such time: but the cor-
porations shall not be relieved from any liability or payment under this
agreement, and as soon as the cause of such Interruption is removed the
Commission shall, without any delay, continue full operation of the rall-
way, and each of the corporations shall be prompt and diligent in doing

everything In its power to remove and overcome any such caufe or causes
of Interruption.

HA

mission to unite the business of the railway with that of any othar railway
system operated in whole or in part by the Commission, and to exciange
equipment and operators from one ‘system to the. other, proper: provigion
heing made, so that each system shall pay its proportionate share of the
cost of any equipment used in common.

8. If at any time any other’ municipal corporation applies to the Com-
mission for an ‘extension of the railway into its municipality’ the Com-
misgion shall notify the applicant and the corporations, in writing, of a
time and place to hear all representations that may be made as to th» toms
and conditions relating to such proposed extengion. If, on the recommenda-
fon of the Commission, such extension shall be authorized, witnout dis-
crimination in favor of the applicant, as to the cost {incurred or to be incurred
for or by reason of any such extension, the Commission ‘may extend the
railway upon such terms and conditions as may appear equitable to the
Commission. : . «

No such application for an extension of the railway into any muni-
cipality’ the corporation of which {8 not a party to this agreement shall
be granted if It {8s estimated by the Commisson that®the cost of service
of the rallway to the corporations parties hereto will be hereby increased
and the revenue and accommodation be injuriously affected without ‘tho A
written consent of the majority of the corporations parties hereto. ih

9. The consent of any corporation required under this ageement shall
ménn the consent of the council of such corporitign} such consent being
in' the form of a municipal by-law duly passed by the: &ouncil of the.
corporation. { y 37

10, The Commission shall, at least annually, adjust and apportion between
the corporations the cost of construction, equipment, operation, interest,
sinking {ynd, and also the cost of renewing the property of the railway.

11. Every railway And all the works, property and effects held and used
in connection therewith, éuigtrucied, acquired, operated and maintained by
the Commission under this sgreemeu. and, the said Act shall be vested in
the Commission on behalf of the corporations; but the Commission shall be
antitled to a lien upon the same for all: money expel? -hy the Commission
under this agreement and not repaid. .= fn

? a
12. Each of the corporations covénants and agrees with the others
(a) To carry out the agreemients and provisions herein contained: 2 2
(b) « To co-operatesby all means In {ts power at all times with the Com-|

mission to create the most favorable conditions for the carrying out of the

objects of the agreement ®nd of the said Act, and to Increase the revenue
of the railway and ensure its success.

13. In the event of any difference between the corporations the Com- |
mission may, upon application, fix a time and placeito hear all representa-4 ;

owing to
workmen

future,

 

such differences, and such adjustments shall be final. The Commission
shall have all the powers that may-be conferred upon a commissioner ap-
pointed under the Act Repecting Enquiries Concerning Public Matters,

14. This agreement shall continue and-éxtend for a periodof fifty years
from the date hereof, and at the expiration thereof be subject to renewal, |
wiith the consent of the corporations from time to time for like periods
of fifty years, subject to apdjustment and re-appointment as herein ‘pro-
vided for the purposes of this agreement as though the terms hereof had

i ; ;
: h t the Commission shall D d d F S R
Kotormime ana ‘says the rehta. of the. srporations. haved rogers tome | U1aMONAS and Fancy dtome Rings

amounts paid or assumed by them respectively under the terms of this apres.
paent, and such- other considerations As may appear: equitable to the

mission and" are approved by the Lieutenant-Governor in Counll, oe ; WATCHES for GENTLEMEN

15. It is understood and agreed that the rates imposed for the share of 4

the ‘coat to be borne by those municipalities listed in Schedule +‘C” attached

hereto, shall be imposed upon the rateable property set forth respectively in.
the sald schedula. z

16, "This agreement shall not come {nto effect until it las been sanctioned :
by the Lieutenant-Gevernor in Council. 5 : Clocks

In witness whereof the Commission and the Corporations have respec-
vively affixed their corporate seals and the hands of their proper officers.

 

SCHEDULE An

? = Routes. “= h
TECUMSEH-FORD SECTION: d

Leaving Tecumseh the" line runs northerly along side the highway to
Askin's Point on Lake St. Clair, where it turns due west along Lesperance
Road to Wolf's; private right of way is then used to the end of Ottawa Ave- |.

RT :
nue, and then along the said avenue to the oasterly limits of the Town of Don’t think you can buy better in Windsor or Delroit.

Ford City. is "

FORD CITY SECTION: ©. «Gre ; | “YOU CAN’T DO IT>
Our prices are as low as possible, consistent with good business 1

~ “From the easterly limits of Ford City the line extends along Ottawa Ave-
nue, Strabane and Sandwich Streets; to the westerly limits of the munici-

pality. 3 bY ‘ = ¥ " ~

ALKERVILLE SECTION® Loo AE i 2
¥ One lino extends along Sandwich Street from the ensterly to the west.

   
   

   
 

{nal Railway tracks at Walker Road, northerly to. W: Street,
ar on Wyanlotte to the Municipal Boundary between Wall orvil y
Windsor... A fourth line extends northerly from Wyandotte along Devonshire |
Road, Assumption and Victorian Roads to Intersect © firat line’ above men
tioned: on Sandwich Street. a A a east

WINDSOR CITY SECTION: oy ie
One line extends westerly along dwich Street

  

Rd
Bc gern

     
 

    

 

_ prompt delivery, and I have been obliged (o turn away a considerable
on the said avenue to London He nd line extends ‘westerly froni hd ¢ ty of york rathidr thar*d a “my iia SS eh
Ikery! Boundary on dyna otte § Ouellette Ave A 4} quan wor, Isappoint my customers. .

BD at ‘Que : u Sandwich: [ In orde

erly on London

¢ th line |
A nt 0 Sxta

Commission to secure payment of any deficit arising from the operation_ot| of the votes by the Clerk.

By-law it will be taken into consideration by the Municipal Council of the
sald Corporation at a meeting thereof to be held after the expiration of one
month Jrom the Sats of tho frat publication of this notice, and that such first
for Interest. and sinking fund on the bonds, a publication was made on the fourteenth day of November, A.D. 1919;

LS nds, and for the renewal of any And further take notice that a tenant who desires to vote upon said
proposed By-law must deliver to the Clerk not later than the tenth day before
the day appointed for taking the votes a declaration under The Canada Evi-
dence Act that he is a tenant whose lense extends for the time for which |P: M.- Selkirk of Monday and was

hns by the lease covenanted to pay all Municipal Thxes in respect of the | Westminster, B.C, are spending a
the legal rate, property of which he is tenant other than local improvement rates, few days in town visiting Mr. Lewis’
6. Should any corporation fail to perform any of the:obligntions to the W. A. McCORMICK. Jiaters. Mrs. A. J. Dovies and Mra. L.

 

shoefesferdelscfortectreferfecirafesfestonfeetafent

JEWELER & OPTICIAN Bi Shonen Ennai 08
- F. Hurst, former. superintendent =
AMHERSTBURG - ONTARIO se ios ie oh Be ities +f

 

7. It shall be lawful for, and the corporations hereby authorize the Com- | mee p—

[1 . oe 19! %
Something About Our Stock” +56

This has been a record year for scarcity of stock, [ree or four tennis courts, baseball

increase the cost of high class goods of evsry variety | Elora, Ont, were. webk-end guests
and also decrease’ production. By ordering early| ar. ana Mrs. Frank Hopkins, who

and heavily, however, I have succeeded in securing [with the farmers meta tio. Joke
the largest assortment of fine goods ever offered in [un Mra. Ask Robinson, have com
mherstburg and am in position to supply. every
ordinary demand with goods now in stock and: our
stock _ will be considerably increased in. the near

 

  
  

~ | China, Cut Glass and Silverware

 

 
 
 
 
  
  

E 7 J “ ale! fi
HAI CI WW Jeweller and |,

erly limits of the Municipality. “A second line extends along Ottawa Street! FR AR § : ; 3 3 3 “rik : hoy
between Lincoln and Walker Roads. A third line extends A pe SRA 9 A an |

 
 
    
    
   

. Owing to the volume of work I have had sinoo coming to Am-
herstburg, It has been Im ble to put it through fast enough for

    
   
  
   
   
    
      
  
  
  
  
  
    
   
 
    
  
   
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
       
 
      
     
     
    
     
       
     
 
  

 

it the nssent of the electors is obtained to the sald proposed

LEAMINGTON.

 

Gases of sheep worrying by dogs
from town dre reported: in: the locality. 5s

A Belgian caught with a quantity of
wet goods an him, appeared before

  

  

 

ability {s to be created or in mhich the money to-be raised by | fined $100 and costs,
By-law {a payable or for at least twenty-one years and that he | Mr and Mrs. L, A, Lewis, ‘af New

Clerk. J. Wright.

: | Wm. Simpson, who'left hero over a
— |¥ear ago to reside with his gon at

Saranac, Mich, {8 in town and recely-
ing a kindly greeting from his many

friends. He will probably remain wun- 3

’ ; til Christmas. ¥ un Be |

Mr. and Mrs, George Nixon, of Tees- “H

3 water, are’ spending the winter here i
with their daughter, Mrs. F. A. Cur- Ser

ran, who is occupying the home of 5

 

 

ville, where he recently purchased a

Se Ce A ls et mien sy |

small farm east of that town and will
buildin the spring. 3

of their factory for the use of their _
employees, The grounds will Include .

diamond and football grounds.

. > : 3 W. W| Richardson, of P A
hig Cost of Dan of Ores SI. tna Nra H. 7 Riotagasad,
of Roseville, Cal, and Mr. and 5
and excise tax, all combining to materially |¢! F. Riciardson abn non Waited, a

here of Mr. and Mrs. J.-F. Mutrie.

 

ed to thelr home in Peabody, Kas.

Dr. H. F. Deming and daughter
Hazel, J. W. Hartford and Mrs. Marie
Cagcadden, all of Detroit; Hugh Me.
Sween and Miss Ida Deming, Wind-
sor,” wer8 in town Monday attending
the, funeral of the “late Mra, Waller
B. Snider. . F%

1
George R. Parsons, of the Loaming! }
ton Bakery, has been suffering fromi,
o an attack of blood” poisoning in his
right hand for nearly a month. He ¢
had about recovered and siarced work
again, but too soon, ns he, Ie suffefing
from a recurrence ‘of th» ailment

which has laid him up for the second
time. “

Several thefts éf Warne. tobneco "F
which had been baled ready for dedv- =
ery are reported In the locall
the growers are naili a

| to prevent othe

 

es $

 
 

 

 

 
          
     
         
        
       
      
     
     
       
     
     
    
    
  
  
  
 
 
    

 
 

he! highest p

ire being allowed fo sandwich ft in
with the crop of other growers in"
order to secure the increased price.

Nelson Whaley has purchased J. B:
Amyot’s dwelling on Marlborough
street west.—Robt. Wales has sold his® .
farm of 50 acres on the 9th concession
of Mersea to John Rupert of the Sth *
concession, the consideration being :
$6.500.—Hubert Squire, of Olinda, has
purchased a lot on Russell street from
Edward Hawkes and hce the founda-
tion constructed for a new residence
which he will erect thereon.—Brodje
Green hag sold hiv 25-acre farm on the
Malott sideroad to M. H: Swatman for
$7,000. Mr. Green has since pur
chased. Howard - Stockwell's 50-nore
farm on the 3rd concession of Mersea
for $15,000. 5

    
         
      
 
     
     
      
    
 
      
 
 
 
   

 

  

   
 

* WATCHES for LADIES ~~
and Jewelry in Great Abundance

  

 

  
       
    
     

 

    
    
   
        
  

  
 
  
 

 

 

    
 
 
      

 
 
    
   
  
 
 
 
 

 

SE —

 
  
  
   
  
  
 

=

. "NOTICE. rE

   
   

 

 

  

to meat this ¢ ,'T have induced
Watchmal ty vo lis eon
¢ is Wal Jowelry Rep
