0

AF

BE Eo Jat J J i 0 i i i a a a i i

PIRI SR Sasa a San SE 2 SE SSS

THE AMHERSTBURG ECHO.
TTR Li i dl bi dd db Feeble bbb obo eb
VICTORY BONDS ACCEPTED SAME AS CASH AT THIS STORE j

Sandwich St. W. TEAHAN FURNITURE | C 0.

ye

WINDSOR
ONTARIO

Your

Refrigerator

. Is Here

Tell us the size of your fam-
ily and we will show you the
exact size refrigerator that will
fill your requirements

Many new and exclusive ice
saving and food preserving fea-

|

BT I ON I J J J J CH

|

The Proper Type of Furniture Will Give You the Greatest Possi-
ble Pleasure from your Porch and Lawn.

In our display of Summer Furniture, which outshines even our former season's [tures in the new 1919 models,
; efforts. you will find furniture represented for every use, from the most inexpensive chair and they are priced as low as
difficulties in securing steel and | or rocker to the most elaborate suites for porch or sun parlor and you ‘will be very |518.00.

Manufacturers are beset with

agreeably surprised at the very moderate prices prevailing on this type of furniture.

PIRSA A SSW oh 2 SSE TE le a

cotton—in fact everything that

goes into a bed outfit. To know
oo

N :
this is to better appreciate our

All the newest designs, from the: best makers are represented on our floor, in reed,
fibre or “OLD HICKORY” with the natural rustic finish.

; : If you are to get the fullest degree of pleasure out of your porch and lawn you
low prices, The following prices | must of necessity have appropriate forms of furniture for all uses. You will find the

clude bed, spring ‘and mat-| Proper things at this store, such as:
ir
/

tress complete—$35.00, $25.00,

Arm Chairs, Rockers, Tables, Steamer Chairs,
Hammock Chairs, Settees,| Hammo-Couches, Hammocks, Etc.

VEHICLES

The only adequate way to acquaint yourself with
our wonderful display of Baby Vehicles is to set aside a
day for the purpose. In no other way can you do justice
to such an endless variety of pullman carriages, strollers
and sulkies of every type. The baby conveyance that you
have been looking for is here.

Baby Carriages, $24 to $80
‘Sulkies, $6 to $20
Strollers, $14 to-$30

$23.00, 20.00, $18.00 and

Introducing all the New
Spring Models

SI6B pany

Put System into your Kitchen
Buy a

Kitchen Cabinet
$14.50 to $65

a

FOR EVERY ROOM

ON:DISPLAY

Dainty patterns, with bright
lasting colors. The best of ma-
terials that insure long wear-
ing qualities. There. is nothing
that makes a roogr more cozy
and homelike than a cheerful
rug. All sizes, in all-the want-

7 |ed materials, and at wonderful
values.

NO ] ICE The best line of
EERIE

Bring your measure-

OUTDOOR

ments here for that x
FOR THE GROWING To Out of Town Buyers
Pals i = : : AND '
~ We wish to assure you, . >»
BOY or GIRL that, any purchase you |i :
a sae «mdy make at this store, RANGES y
.no matter how small, || :

Well" built toys that

will bé carefully packed |\in the Border Cities.

Sereen Door will stand hard usage ‘and shipped to your
\ Kitchen Cabinet is the wo- OR and just the kinds that home, freight or express prt
nan" id fn “busi * ; the kiddies want to help prepaid. ’
1 5 n's aid in “business- . d wel Gas Stoves
mans gag? the hoy all te Win ow display includes: All' our merchandise

convenience for systemizingifw A 3 is marked in_plain fig- be
kitchen work is in your kitchen Itis pod a Dpnige gael WAGONS ures and we invite’com- and Ranges
when you have a Hitchenitealial) 0. DY Sereelr Joors BICYCLES parison. ; Sd

" Windows. Get them up
. before the. insects come.=
Do not leave it off too
long. - We are ready to

er

Teahan

net. They are really a wonder-
ful help and no home should be
without ghe. Je are able to

KIDDIE" CARS
* CHILDREN'S AUTO-

Stoves and Ranges that burn
gas, coal and wood.

:

give special advantages on ac-|| supply your Fogires ‘ MOBILES: F ET —

count 6f our foresight in buying a 4 ROCKING HORSES urn Excellent cooking and baking
bef ice. / i F : sui

before the advance in price tionally low. Ete. Ete. T Co. ranges at price to suit your

Dont’ miss the opportunity. « pocketbook.

ofoufestsefecfocfonfecoofseerfoafectoufocecferiods

RIT TIIETIR IORIOROs RUSSO Eo LSS tn II
ee eee ———————

Sandwich West Couneil. THE SHEEP PROTECTION ACT.

Saturday, April 19th. , The time is drawing Tnedr when
Council fet as Sik ajournment. All sheep will be turned on pasture and

members A the danger from dogs worrying the

meeting PR hg Minds of ast Moved hy Messrs. Lounsborougih and | lock will be accentuated. Dogs have

Moved hy Messrs Lounsborough Lauzon, that the amount of taxes du» been blanted for preventing. a more

and Lauzon, that J. H. Rodd be ap-|=omP.S S. No. 11 be charged agains’ | rapid growth of the sheep industry in

winted {ownship’ solicitor, and any seid section in 1919 roll, and that ths | this country, and it must be admitted

advice to he fn writin 2 "| County and Township Treasurers be|that it is very discouraging to have
i Bou rotified. and authorized to strike off

Moved, i a few of the best of the flock killed
seconded hal ALR LTR thelr books said arrears on - said |and the Fest mutilated, or thoroughly

tection. Sheep owners living near
small towns or villages usually suffer
more than those*who reside in more
remote districts. If more of the appar-
ently homeless and low-bred dogs of
our towns and viHages were destroyed,
there would be less damage to sheep
in the surrounding districts, It Is very
often the town dogs which do the
damage, and, their owners not being
apprehended, thé township must re-
compense the breéder for the loss of
his. sheep. There are some who wonld

recover'in such action or pfoceedings
whether or not the owner. of the dog
knew that it was vicious or accus-
tomed to worrying « gheep. "The Act
states that “If it appears at the trial
that the’damage or some part thereof
was the joint act of some other dog
than the dog owned by the person
charged,. the court, judge or justice
may, by the judgment or conviction,
apportion the damages among or
against the respective owners of the
dogs as far as they are known, {8 such

dnd that a court: of revision will be
(heid at town hall on May 17th, 1919,
at 5 p.m. and that the clerk he herchy
auinorized to copy and serve the by-
law for the astimates.—Carriel.

Roach b “| 8ciool property.—€arried, frightened, by the inroads of dogs

for ® Sppointed township solic Councl adjourned iF April" 26401. | into the sheep paddock or pasture. It proportions as may be deemed just.”|go so far as to destroy practically ey-
The original mation carried 1919; at 2 p.m., at the bank. fg.not the well-bred dog used to stock The owner of any dog to whom notice |ery dog. However, this might he car-
Moved hy Joon . Lauzon- and —— XR that molests the flock s0-much as the |i8° given of injury done by his sheep |rying it a little too far. There are

killing dog is obliged to destroy his
the |dog within forty-eight hours after
uch//8uch notice and incurs.a penalty if

ct [Buch fs not dgne. Where the. owner
of the dog or dogs {8 not known, then
the man suffering loss may “collect
compensation from the municipality
in which such sheep were killed, In-

good and bad dogs, and there is a
place for the well-bred dog both in
the village and on the firm. - There
{8 no place, however, for the cur; he
{s of mo use to man or beast and sim-
ply eats his head off ani gets ‘into all
kinds of mischief. It Ig the idle dog
which does the damage, The Collie,

mongrel car that fs forced to hunt for
his living and is allowed to ro:

country day and night. Under
circumstances -the wolflike instinct
of the canine is almost bound to show
itself. It is gencrally. believed that
the Dog Act for the protection of
sheep, enacted by the Legislative As-

WINDSOR.

William F. Bartlet, son of Mrs,
Willlam Bartlet, of Windsor, dled
Thursday morning at his rauidenen:
161 Detroit. ;

“Drouillard, {ht the Canadian Salt Co.
be paid $14, for cinders; the Hydro,
ia, for Brigge Avenue light; Df.
Morand, $5, for examination of Angel-
Jug Janiset ral A. J. Wilkinson $3,

nspeary $2, 15: medicine to poor;
Dr. McLennan, $41, RE  ervices 1

Ri Bi Dities Star, un sembly of the Province of Ontario, fs [jured. terrified or worrled. In order Airedale, or some of the other breeds,
“for stamps; J. Lid By Mor the best in existence.  True,there may | tos collect compensation from the |are seldom sgcused of molesting the

o $26.60, Peter
Laroque $22.50; wnfije  Belleperche
$5, for road work; pred, Sorelle, $
Adolphe Gignac $6. pypest Bou ¢
5, for rond work; pred. Sorelle, $25,
for cards and diginfectants; C. H.
Smith, $1.18, for gacks for J. Ber@au|
and C. Chauvin; #50 to: refund fo
~ fare to Leamington, mp,
for Mra. Allard's taxes He;
ard $2.70, V

municipality it Is necessary that ap-
plication for damages be made with-
in three months after such sheep have
been killed, terrified or worried. The
amount of damage is determined. by
sheep valuers appointed by the local
municipality. ‘The sheep valuer must

flock. They may be seen going. ams
ong the sheep with tliéir master with-
out causing the |east disturbance in
the flock. It 1s not likely
dogs would commit any depredation
when not by themselves. While a few
breeders do suffer each year, they,are
comparativaly few as compared with
‘the hel sheep breeders in the
province,

is quite willing to pay the tax Imposed
by. (he municipaliy and to keep. his

bY.|be faults to be found with ft, but it
tal ihe Jaw 1s enforced It does give pro-
iol {taction to the eheep owner; at least
{the penalty is such that few will take
lino Xpnnce of giving: their dog un-
limited Jrvedom it'he shows thesfesst
sposition to, wander: fiom" home.
oe tho tax on dogs, many of |be notified within forty-eight -h
tha curs.have been disposed of. The |after the discovery of damage. ‘He
assessor enters on the assessment )then makes full investigation and re-
ports in writing to the clerk of the
municipality, and at the same time
forwards a copy of We report
oles of the sheep (
clause in the Act provides for the ap- Advocate. 7.
pointment of a competent:
“make an inves An

Beraire, $1. ago. He 8 frect
“tor ras oy his mother,

‘and pp,
= Bond, t

Nwnoed

the Beach

Pon’ tha |n® : ¥ " kill an eep va J Wednesday.

at
Ad Ey

“the

that auch’

lo owner of a good dog;

to the [dog housed at might if he shows the
* One {least - inclination 0 roam.—Farmdra’

I: John Lennox, one,of tio best
husiness man of ‘Harflton, Jeu pit}

lncreased Yield Secured by Hill
ing Them.

Good combs Beckeeper's Asset—
Best Ave Always Produced During
Heavy Honey Flow—Best of Cure
Should Boe Taken of New Combs.

(Contributed by Ontaflo Department of
Agriculture, Tofonio.) - a

XTENSIVE experimental work,

under ordinary conditions,

has shown that it 18 a good

plan. to use good-sized séed
potatoes, and to cut them Into
places of from one: to (WO ounces
in weight, and having twa. threa or
four eyes in each pldce. It is an ex-
cellent plan to throw the freshly-cut
pleces in finely ground land plaster
or gypsum and to plant the sets im-
mediately-after cutting, The best re-
turns have been obtained by planting
the sets In rdws about 28 inches
apart ,And leaving the seis singly
fr 12 to 15 inches avast in the

rows. In the average of seven years’
experiments it was found in planting
the potatoes one, three, five and
gaven inches deep that the highest
average results were vbtained from
planting three inches, and the second
highest from planting five inches in
depth.. Under average conditions it
is neually wise to plant about four
fnches but the depth of planting
would, of course, depend conslder-
ably upon the quality and the con-
dition of the soll. If the soll is a
sandy loam, the depth of planting
may be deeper than in the case of a
heavy damp soil.

In experiments extendi@g over a
period of ten years it has been found
that about four bushels per acre in-
crease has been.obtained from hilling
the potatoes in comparison with
level cnltivation.—Dr. C. A. Zavitz,
0. A. College, Guelph.

Good Combs the Beekeeper's Asset.

An asset to the extracted honey
producer is combs, good combs and
plenty of combs, It is sometimes a
problem to obtain and maintain a
sufficient stock, especially it the
aplary is being enlarged. Moreover,
there are several Important problems
assoclated. Fundimentally, good
combs are obtainable only when built
on full sheets of wire foundation.
Such combs’ will endure; naturally
built comps will not stand the wear
and tear/of repeated ‘honey extrac-
tion. Beside being weak and likely
to break out of the frames, natural-
ly drawn combs usually contain
drone cells to somé_extent, {f not in
excess: The presence of drone cells
fn combs, used either (n the Brood
chamber or in extracting supers, is
a source of continued disadvantage,
Drone cells in combs are "always
costly. They may cost swarms; they
may dampen the honey ‘storing im-
stinets (bees are adverse to the stor-
ing of honey in drone cells, uml
there is no other space available)
ff the drone cells are in the super,
their presence induces the ‘quien to
leave the brood chamber. It is a
maxim ‘to have gnly comnbs of all
workex cells réinfogced with wire; to
this end, full’ sheets of foundation
are essential and ecomomical.

The best combs are-always pro-
duced during a honey flow, yes, when
there is a surplus coming in;

part of the' season, just prior te the
cropping season; yet, regardless of
géason, the best of combs are obtain-
able only on strong colonies,
Conversely, weak colonies, without
tho stimulation of the honey ‘flow,
fail to draw out the foundation even-
ly and fully: holes may even be
gnawed in the foundations, which
holes, when built in, will probably
be filled with drone cells, With care,
frames of full foundation, to be
drawn out, may be supplied alter-
nately with combs of brood or honey.
Moreover, the tendeqhey is for hees
to bulge the old combs, and to corre-
spond, »only partially draw?out the,
foundation of the Néw conib; perhaps
leaving the corners gpen.. The best
results are usual when several
frames with foundaijon are grouped
in one side of ‘the hive, or a full
super given. In order to Induce thé
attaching of the ¢omb to the bottom
bar, new combs pay he drawn’ out
in the super, Ofer a powerful colony
and during a hogey flow. !
Having acdyired new combs, good
care should be taken of them, If
they are Intenged for extracted honey
production, they should be kept
apart from the Urgod nest, not allow-
ing brood to. bé regred in them.
Combs darkened With brood rearing
are not considergd as whelesome for
honey production as are virgin (new)
combs. Furthermore {t {s considered
on good evidence (hut dark combs
will darken and Hence deteriorate
the light grades of honey, One gen-
eration of brood fy. 4 comb may not
injure it for light Loney cropping: it
is thought by 80WM¢ 5 toughen and
strength@él the comb, yet the more
Particular produ€ers ‘are equipping
with virgin combs for the supers.
Theso choice extracting combu are a
valuable asset. Preserved from year
to year, they should endure, Although
bee labor has not advanced In price,
all bee supplics are increasingly cost-
ly, hence good combs are to-day a
greater asset than ever.—Dr. Burton
M. Gates, O. A. College, Guelph,

~ Extravagant Use of Straw.

The use of at least a limited
amount of bedding for beef cattle is.
advisable, but the extravagant use of
straw, coarse hays, etc., for this pur-
pose should be discouraged. All such
roughages that are to be used for
bedding, either for fattening or
brecding animals, should first be of-
féred them in the hay rack and that
which {8s refused used for bedding.
| It “Btover 18 fed the stalks, while

gomewbat® difficult to handle, make

should be used for this purpose
| rather than burned or otherwise dis-
posed of. ~~ is

rans |

goodl
combs may be produced in the.earlier

gatisfadtory ' bedding material. and

TakeHoldSlowly

Kjdney and Bladder Troubles don't
attack you suddenly. Chronic diseases
of these organs are generally the re-
sults’ of neglect. © Nature pins you
plenty of warning when your Kidneys
are aut of order and neod assistance;
you notice a duoll pain in the back;

ou are dizzy, have hendaches, feel
anguid, tired and lifeless.

_ There is no mistaking the symp-

obey—or later you will regret it,

Putting off never cures. Gin Pills
do. At the first sign of Kidney or
Bindder Trouble, buy a box of Gin
Pills and take them. They will help
rour Kidneys to perform their propor
function and remew = your previous
strength and vigor,

Among our hundreds of testimonials
is one from Mr, B, CO. David, King's
Co., N.S. Mr. David writes;

“1 was suffering from a dreadful

lame back and hips, so much so
that I could hardly straighten up.
1 got a box of Gin Pills and they
helped me immediately. I have
continued*to take Gin Pills, and
now the pains in both hips and
back are gone. I shall glwags
recommend Gin Pills to my friends
and other sufforers.”

Mr. David's case is only one of the
many to which Gin Pills have brought
immediate relief. Sufferers from Kid-
ney or Bladder’ trouble should heed
what has been done in such cases and
try Gin Pills.

Sold almost everywhere throughouts
Canada—350c & box. A freo sample
will be sent youn if .vou write to The
National Drug & Chemigal Co. of Cun:
adn, Limited, Torontg, Ont. U. 8,
residents should addyess Na-Dru-Co.,
Ine., 202 Main St., Buffalo, N.Y. 124

‘MANY VISIT. MINER'S
WILD-BIRD “FARM”
AND _ROSE-WALKS

Lakes Covered With Geese—"Moth«
ers’ Roses” a Treat.

A most interesting spot to visit at
\ithis time is Jack Miner's wild goose
|tarm- or wild bird preserve, north of
Kingsville. The geese are there now
|lby the hundréds and It is worth going
a good many miles to see them com-
fng across from the lake in great.
wliite clouds. They go there to spend
a great part of the day, and it is no
small undertaking to feed such a muls
titude, but Mr. Miner has alway$
found a way of providing hundreds
of bushels of grain for the geese on
their visits in spring-and fall as they
journeyed to and from the south,

Besides the unique sight of so many
wilds geese and the fact that they are
go tame that many of them can® be
{fed from the hand, there are other
things to “Intgrest a visitor at the,
Miner farm. A' great many years ago,
when Mr. Miner was a small boy. his
parents settled in. the woods on a
farm just east of the one on which’
he now resides, and, hewing out a
place in the woods, bullt their little

PLANT POTATOES NOW | Chronic Diseases

toms, and when Nature warns you—

cabin, as many were called in those

days, and prepared to clear the land

and prepare it for cultivation. Even fn

such an unlikely place one found roses
blooming, as the elder Mrs. Miner saw
no reason why‘she should mot be. do-
ing her share to make her surround-
jugs more beautiful. ‘
Rambler Roses. ol —
So, In a very short time, site; had
a lively showing of crimson rambler
roses; By careful watching and train-
ling, to-day/Jack Minér can show you
a rose walk several rods long, com-
posed of trellis-after ‘trelfsrof “moth-

ar's; roses”—all shoots from the: orig="

{nal rose bush belonging to his moth-
er. At the time of the death of the
elder _ Mrs, Miner, among the’ floral

offerings were three sprays of roses;

brought by aged friends from slips
of “mothers’ rose “bush,” surely a
beautiful tribute. Just back of the
rose walk one, will ‘find a large. en,
clousre hit in on all sides by a he;
about six feet high, in which Tr.
Miner intends holding his ‘cemetery
social,” as it is knownfall over Essex
county. the proceeds of which go to-
wards keeping up a fund for the main-
taining and beautifying of Greenhill
cemetery, Kingsville,
Miniature Lakes. i

Back of this enclosure one finds the:
miniature lakes in which the. fish ans
toibé found in-such numbers’ that the
water seems to be: literally covered
by them. Mr. Miner has also provid-
ed suitable haunts for every kind of
bird known in this district. He has
a family of robins that come when
called, just as a flock of -chickens"
might do. The smaller birds, such as
wrens, swallows and chipping. spar-
row, are all at home on: the bird pre-
gerve, and seem to be without fear
of people who come and go in hun
dreds.
| No small part of the pleasure of a
trip to the Miner farm is the cordial,
hearty greeting extended by Mr. Min-
er and his “now make yourself - at
home, folks” will be remembered by
all who visit this very interesting

spot. . 3

——-
Archie C. Crozier, of Toronto, was,
instantly killed by being struck by
the C.P.R. Delroit express, eastbound,
on the grounds, it was stated at the
golf links. Mr. Crozier was ‘motoring
alone to. his Cooksville farm when
the accident occurred. * A
In all parts of Canada returning sol--
diers are being received with enthus-
fastic welcome, every day bringing
news of
larger numbers of soldigrs from the:
varjous localities. Now that the Can-
adian Expeditionary Force Is coming
back by whole units’ at a time, often
several battalions or batteries on one
steamer, almost daily, the cities,
towns and villages
heartfelt greetings In thronged street
parades and great gatherings.
Volume 4 of the Auditor-General's

ture, contains one laconic Hem under

the reading of. “Overseas Department
of Militia and Defense,” which ib as
sisi pa Bdrureg by the ¢ of
. ~of iia
and Sires expe nhc of the and
oxpedition air forces, vouc )
which have not been a 9

report, which deals with war expendi.

ef

«©

receptions to smaller or

are tendering

7

