 
 

   
 

     

 

 

 

 

4 p

starting Off October with a Worthy Aim--To Be of Even Greater Service than Ever Be

v The Store is Ready with New Fashions, New Merchandise, New' Activities, New Enthusiasm.

r. Man, | 4 Suit that a Man Can Look at and Look Up To.

 
 
   

       
     
  
     

 

 

-

How Ab { “In Askihg'you to examine our New Fall Suitings, we just wish to make this dis-

out Shing | w

tinction, that the more you look at them the more you will look up to them
for there is something in the way these clothes are made i!

| Your Fk all Suit? that instinctively compels an honest man’s respect. eT

  

 

 

  
  
    
     
    
      
        
       
         
     
     

THE EOHO IS THE OFFICIAL PAPER OF THE TOWNSHIP OF OOLOHESTER SOUTH.

Mrs, Lawson Ulch is recovering ~ z
nicely from a successful operation for AN OPPORT! INIT Y ! Fa gnt™
e, Pr Py # A

   

 

 

 

    
        
      
     
    
   
   
    
      
     
   
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
    
   
    
   
  
 
 
   
 
   
    
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
  
     
  
  
  
    
    
   
      
   
  
  
  
 
  
    
 
 

|

hii a Sp i

i HARROW. 3

sp strsdeberieteok doin dekolte desde deoferb dood
Garnet Broadwell has moved to the

city. ‘

SEE Mrs. Dave Ferriss and son Gerald

spent the week-end in the city.
Mr. and Mrs. Alonzo Brush spent

the week-end with their daughters in THE SENTINEL STORE

the city. ADAMS BLOCK = HARROW.
Mrs, G. Johnston has her sister | —m————————————=—————= LL. aii

{and Brother-in-law, of Strathroy, here :
on a visit. Be 1 eo 1 2 0 Mi

The Pere M tte will change back
RO) iors ER i COLCHESTER SOUTH 3
October th. Fb bbb bb ie)

Migs Bunice Quick visited over
Sunday with Miss Margaret Ken- Miss Ruth Baldwin has hal an at-
tack of tomsilitis.

nedy, of Detroit, 3
Harrow Fair day is ‘a good. time to Don’t forget Fred. Mitchell's sale at
Gesto, October 7th, at 1 o'clock.

rénew your subscriptions. Take a
glance at the label. Miss Florence Shay is spending a
week with friends in Detroit,

Mrs. John Joinston attended the
funeral of her uncle, Robert Bickford, See Lewis Barron if you want to buy
a good farm within the next two

in Wheatlay, on Thursday.
J. H. Madi went to London Tues-| weeks.
Mra, Mdtrontate end Miss Ila Maron-

day in his car, to arrange for the
shipment “of his auto hearse. tate apg visiting with friends in Wind-
80r, J x

The Quality Canners have four more
cars of corn to do up, and.expect to Mss Sylvia Levergood and Miss
Roscolt have been vliftiag in Wulk-
New" California.

complete this season's operations, this
hs eryhle, : i Mrs. Morgan and daughter), Mrs
Mr. and Mrs, rman’ ns nih = yf LTS,
Toad rs. Sherman’ Galvin, of Motley, and Walter, Morgan. of Dunn-

Mr. and Mrs. J. G. Cunliffe spent :
Windsor, spent the week-end at R.| io ®6ne “are visiting with Mr. and| War declare don the High Cost of Living !

the week-end in Tuppervilie with her
Marontate's, .
Mrs. Phaen Wigle and other relatives.

mother, Mrs. Burns, and son, C. BE.
S. Shuttleworth and two boy friends — Miss Grace Totten, of Essex, spent 5 : 3 % :
a few days with Mra. Wm. Henderson. Prices Brought to 1 Earth by CASH i
> Eo TF

WHEN VISITING THE FAIR

We wish you to call and inspect our
stock of

STATIONERY & SUNDRIES

«We want you to know the lines we
nandle and shall be pleased to have you
call, even If you do not buy.

appendicitis at Hotel Dieu.
> The Harraw Farmers nave a nice lot
lof N. B. potatoes on hand. Their
advt. appears elsewhere thisiweek, ,

M. J. Matthews attended the mar- You could not have a better chance than right now to help your chiek-
riage of his daughter, Mrs, Stella| ons along tl 5 "Taat co
a Hay EB. Lowhs or Salem, Mich., ng through moulting and keep them laying, by feeding them regularly.
at the parsonage’ of the Rev. R, C. with HESS’ PANACEA. They need it to keép up their strength through the

Ross, 117 BE, Grand Boulevard, Detroit,
on Monday of last week; and also at-| trying period of moulting. ‘ ;

tended the Northville Fair. 'He wns : a

go much interested in the farms and Also look to your hogs. © Nothing will pay you better than to"push them

customs that probably he will purchase | slong with INTERNATIONAL HOG FATNER. It Is @ wonderful tonic to
r

one there in the near future, s
cent me \ J ”
GOSFIELD SOUTH hogs, Why it will save you bushels of grain by bringing them up fat so much
sooner. Get a pail right away. :

Zion.
Mr. and Mrs, Ed. Ford ‘ook In the

Amherstburg Fair on Tuesday —\iss E FF DARBY, HARROW
LC} [] CAS Le mf fi

Edith Yyrigas teacher S. S.. No 18, {o
spent the week-end at her uncla's, Jas, -
DRUGGIST OPTICIAN STATIONERY =

McGill's,—Ed. Stead's are leaving the :

ferm and moving to Walkerville They

are having an auction sale on Outoher . NOTARY PUBLIC
15th, the list of which is found else-
where in this Issue.—The tobacco

harvest is just over In this locality. “H f G d E 9” B . -
and { ars s y | -
and farmers are busy fimshing putting | atest ome 0 00 : ats i ulletin |

RAH

 

  

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 
 
 
      
 

 

    
   
  

  
      

    
   
     
  
 
       
 
 
        
 
   
      
     
    
     
   
  
 
     
      
    
       
      
    
    
       
   
         
 
       
    
    
    
     
     
    
       
        
    
 
     
 
  

SER. el

.# Meet Us dt the Fair
See our Exhibit-of the finest Stoves, Ranges.
Aujomobiles, Auto Supplies, Etc.

See the Cleveland Tractor, the Tank Type.
We are Sole Agents.

 

 

in wheat and rye. There wil! be
large acreage of each put in this fall.

 

     
  
    

8 Cunliffe
from Essex motored to Judson Shay's
—MIis Lillian Wigle and Irene Holmes

“HA RROW. Mr. and Mrs. Howard Renno and
——————— eee family motored to Mt. Clemens Sun-|
; sfosfonfesterfe EB Ta Ot 2 ofeefosfosforfectosfectontorfesfecfort | ity and spent the day with Mr. and

+ ok + oe |: Mrs, Ellis Bratt,

Mack's Grocery 1 Mrs. Roy McIntyre and little son,

of Chatham, are spending a couple of
weeks withsher parents; Mr and Mri.
If it's good to eat we have it. ol
Our Canned Goods are as fresh as in harvest time!

on Sunday last.

Dr. Maxwell is paying his annual
visit to the schools in this district,
and is being accompanied by Mrs.
Maxwell,

School sections Nos 3 and 11 have
been closbd, as the tenchers engaged
were found.not*to possess the qualifi-
cations necessary. ;

Mrs, Wm. Flannigan has returned
to her home in Lawrence, Mass. after
a two months’ visit with her cousin,
Mrs, T. W. Taylor. 1

Lewis Wigle and Lambert Wizle,
candidates for political honors, have
been calling on the electors of the
township this week.

Take a couple of days off next week

 

 

 

are attending school at McDonald" In % :
stitute, Guelph, where they are taking . S) a, :
a year's a in Domestic Science.— The Great Price-reducing Ammunition :
The Harvest Home services, held in = ’ \ i
the church here on Sunday last were | ¢ 3 i
very successful, the thankolfering
amounting to $206. Rev. Godfrey, of ‘ 3 i ,
Blenheim, preached two very Inspir- We are in the reconstruction period. Our business is under-

b »

ing sermons to large congregations. v : ;
Miss Grace. Totten, of Essex, jendered going the process of feconstruction which is made necessary by a

in very beautiful solo at the atiernoon collection of circumstances. The high cost of living must be re-
servis aid ne it om duced, so up’goes the CASH sign and DOWN fable 5 ch The \
Special music by the choir. The con- cost of living has soared tq undreamed of altitudes.and broken -

all records for endurance, Our prices have aver been fair but we

cert given in connection with the ¢
Harvest Home services was a splen- | have been conducting a credit business. The credit system neces-

 

‘WG. Wright. x
Take a couple of days off next week

and attend the Harrow Fair, Tuesday
and Wednesday. _ Big list of sporting
events second day. -

Miss Flossie Ford spent the’ week-
end with her cousin, Fred. Griffith, of
FHnt, Mich. - Mr. Griffith recently re-
turned from overseas.

The harvesting of cauliflowers has
begun. The crop did very well after the

 

 

|
|

Come fo the Harrow Fair
Nex{ Tuesday and Wednesday

 

 

2 To J J MT

HARROW rains’ sol_in,following 8 dry. geason did success. The Misses Jackson, of id bl :
: that set the plants back. and attend the Harrow Fair, Tuesday : 2 + 0 | gitates considerable expense which cash will eliminate. Thou-
MAC HALS I EAD ’ EX ange 1s boginning| and Wednesday. BIg liot of sporting] Sonor: ELK (lh grand concert nis | sands of dollars are om our books continuous! entailin ih
’ GROC to take form. The foundation tremch-| events second day. ° sisted by Miss~Veulah Wright, ot th's | : y entalling' the
oo havo been dug, and gravel is on| Mrs:’Adam Iler has returnad’to Ann place. The proteeds of the concert great expense of financing a large stock which must be paid for’
amounted to $38. The money received | soon after arrival. . There are always. some uncollectable ae- ¥

is bel used for ;painting, redecorat-| . : : EF,
ot ens pr J] nl De oay counts. The credit method requires considerable book-keeping PF
which is still more expense. By discontinuing this system we 4

and Miss Helen Scott spent Saturday
in the city.—MIiss Linnie Wigl: and | are following the course adopted by thousands of merchants

charming hostess at a nilacellaneous :
shower for Mrs. Harry Axford. w.re- a Tetyenod from Manitcba | throughout the country. L Aside from the expense of conducting :
8 rpliiere .Lhey. . | a credit business théjmerchant must bear the burden of anxieties 5

cent bride, Wednesday afternoon. :
“| the past six’ week —Russéll. Neville, Eo, :
Mrs. Nina Maxwell left on Tussdnyil o gg rateville, spent” Monday witli” ais and worries that attend the extending of credit: »Big bills come .

for her home in Vancouver, afte ) N : hy, Fe
spending a gouple of months with Ltd sister, So Copii] Mrs due and time and again the'mierchant lies awake when he should : hy 7
parents, Mr. and Mrs, W..D. McVey. OE Hig Se] EE i |be resting and renewing his energies depleted by a strenuous day jj
By taking out a membership in tha Spe Aner 2 Sf Liana: (of long hours, wondering how we will ever provide for those fin—
' —— ancial obligations on the morrow or thesday after. The map ‘who'

row Fair now, members are. ern- -— i
thled to - drive their cars“on the McGREGOR. 2 ays Spot Josh at the credit store gets no square deal when you
3 en NEE, consider that he mustipay the same for his goods as the man that

rh I > :
Victor Prieur has purchased a trac | op wo hic pill to run indefinitely. This is-most unfair to the

tormand has just finished filing his 1 : h ir t
silo. © | cash buyer any, reasonable person”will admit. | All features of
The bans of Alexander Deslippe, | cagh and credit taken into consideration one must inevitably.

N slipghe, of, Malden, and | ; :
| iS ey den, and | ronounce the business conducted on the-C.0.D. basis sanest,
with the latter's tather, Geozge Tonle-| pouget, townline, Anderdon, were safest and fairest to all concerned. Commencing October 16th,

1919, we will sell strictly for cash— PRODUCE taken as cash at:

mire, for soma Lima; : published for the first time jh the R.
Dominiqué Valade, a former resi-|C. church here on Sunday. » top prices. Don’t forget the date and we will convince you that :

d v - 3 3 3
ent of this sownship, now of Kings Rev. Fr. Pinsonnenult preached the it WILL PAY TO PAY CASH, particularly at our store. Acquire

ville, is rapidly falling fn health. He|sormon in French at the Eucharistic g
the habit of reading these ads. and patronizing the “HOME OF

Is 86 years of age and has reached tho | congress at Tilbury on Wednesday
condition that he does not recognize | His Lordship Bishop Fallon and a large FGOOD BATS” and you will discover that you will be able to. «
\ re a 4

the members of the family. galaxy of priests were in attendance, | 5 | ra
The marriage of Miss Hdna Louie2 together with imearly 10,000 worships greatly decrease your cost of living. We are decreasing the cost
Bratt, youngest daughter of Mr. and | pers. of doing business and eliminating much of the worry of’it. We
Ms Edwin Bratt, and Toll Finlay, son| JSugene Bourque sold his farm on|are to benefit because we are not going to lose so much sleep
¢ {he itownline, thig week, to Mr. Mir-| over financing and you are going to benefit as you are going to *-

» James K. Finlay, was quietly sal- 4
amnized at the English church rec-|eau, of Comber. The place comprises} optain ‘our goods at a reduction which will represent a.-great

tory at Kingsville Saturday, the Rev. 50 acres, and thes price was $7,500.
Mr. Horton performing ta ceremony. | Mr. Bourque is" moving to California, economy. : i
Mr. and Mrs. Pinldy wil raside with| whére his brother-inslaw, Mr, Delisle,! Appreciating very much the business our many friends have
oe piyents tor the ‘preset in this yon at Your. RE given us in the past, we thank you and trust you will support us
wnship. ev. Fr. Binebrmeault had the un-| 70 1ovally in the future for you are going to buy still more ad-
Mrs, Wi D. ; was hos Pris ber. of shristenin f
rs, Wi D, McVey was hostass Fri-| usual number of four christenings on | ps peously as a result.of our adoption of a new policy.

flay afternoon at a shower given ; Sunday, a son born to Mr. and Mrs.
y ot 1 + Look prices over in our advt. on page 10 and then say to

honor of Miss Margaret Craig, ona of | Herman Paquette; a daughter born to )
fhe most beautiful and vopuinr girls | Mr, ind:Mrs. Leo;Levack;“a daughter | yourself, “Why pay more?” "Fall in line, we'll wait on you next.
Ee] ” ~ rs

bn the lake front. who on Wednesday born to Mr. and Mrs, Richard May-
was married to Joseph Wright, The ville, and a son born to Mr, and Mrs. hag > ¥

Arbor after spending a week with, her
two sisters, Mrs.', McVey und Mrs.
Knapp, and with other friends:

Miss Cora McCormick = was the

the ground for the cement work.:

Owing to-the Harvest Home at Col-
chester Sunday, service in St. An
drews will be withdrawn, but Sunday
school will be held as usual at 3 p.m.

The removal of the club room annex
to Charles Clark's bullding to Mr.
Olark's farm, is an improvement. Mr.
Clark will rebufld it fnto~aihen house.

Services will be held’ in the Baptist
church at 11 a.m. and’ 7.30 p.m. next
Sunday. Anniversary services will be
held on Sunday, Octéber 12th, with
Rev. Hugh McDiarmid, of Walkerville,
in charge.

The Women's Institute will not
meet on October Sth, as listed on the
program, bug on October 16th at the
home of Mrs, Kenneth Ferriss. Papers
will be given by Mrs. George JlcCor-
mick and Mrs L. T. Ferring.

The church was packed for the lec-
ture last Friday night, every chair
rom the basement being used yp:
tairs, Charles Clark was chairman,
and Robert Klie gave two instruiien.
tals. Four churches represented In
the audfénce, at the close, asked fof
dates’ -

Get your tickets now for the Har:
row Fair concert, Wedneadny night,
from” Presbyterian commiten. is

i i i names of Miss Ives: violinist; Mrs.
This coming Winter you will want BS Sender, and George N eDonald,
to be garbed in smart comfortable Scoteh soloist, fuarantees ’ crowded

i i house and a high-class conceris LO.

Furs or a Fur Coat—but the time B} Fa’; " Aqmission oc. s
to prepare.is right now from the WI The Refrendun Committee Lon
: = 3 Division held a successful entertain-

fact “that the raw pelts have ad ment at S. S* No. 6 school. Charles |,

vanced so greatly that it is im- Clark was In the chair. The ller Bap-

i i tist church choir rendered several se-
possible to Supls the furs at tisk church ofols renders SoC! ma
theirépresent prices.

:
:
:
:
|

 

        

: 3 =o sce about Winter Underwear. Come and “see
The right time to se fined and Wool-

our big stock on sale at the old prices, Cottons; Fleece-

Cr Ee Shoe De n Footwear. A full, up-to-dite
ftock at the lowest prices. styles for Men; Women and

Children, of Blankets—all kinds nnd colors—Wool—

if y aw supply
We have ¥ne pRLy Towelling, Dry Goods of all kinds.

4 atte. Grey Cotton,
FRETS Bread and enjoy your meals. Delivered fresh every

day. Groceries, Fruit, Candy,

  
    
  
   
      
  
    
      
     
      
 
 
      
    
   
 
          
           
   
   
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
 
       
   
  
  
   
  
 
  
  
   

pt. for bargains |
All sizes and

 

  

grounds free. Non-memhbsrs- will be
required to, pay 25 cents” for‘ thel
privilege. +. ;

George~ Stevens purchased a new
homé in Walkerville and expocts te
move there as soon As it is completed,
Mr. and Mrs. Stevens have beon living

 

  

   
 
 
  
  
   
       

  
 

ggs and Butter. ’ ¥
~ Farmers’ Store

    

forge rforforferfcfecgesferferterertefe fete

oo
3
ots

  

i Coat HE a CT ad rh Ae Cl a Eg

 

 
 
 

  
   
   
    
  
   
   
  
   

 

      
  
  
   
  
  
   
  

 
  
  
  
 
 

 

#i

   
    
 
 
    
  
  
   
   
  
  
    
  
     
 
  
  
  

   
  
    
   
   
    
    
   
   

do ot PERE F CAREFREE

 

     
   
   
   
    
 
    
    
 
   
     

    

       
        
    
  
      

  

  
    
  
 
      
  
 
  
   
    
   
   
 
 
  
       
 
  
   
   
  
  
 
   
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
   
   

“SCARFS
MUFFS

Miss McCormick, gave splendid read-
| ings. and Master Downham was _en-
cored for his recitations. Rev.'s Dur-

|

 

  
  

  

   
     

    
   
   
   
 
   
 

    
   
   

   
     
   
   
   

: 7 )
é If you buy your Furs NOW, you : bride-to-be” Tooked  charmil io | Artur Taibot. :
= ’ ¥ nd Frears gave addresses on } ng as sho ;
- Made. of the Choices! will save money. a volo Mr: and Mrs. Opened each of thes beautitul gifty| ~The marriage of Eugene .Galipoau, | / io
ar de ; fer each rendered solos during the presented to her. A dainty lunch was son of Mr. nd. Mrs LE, Galipeau, of
ox High Grade Ati iries solicited. evening The collection amounted to served ‘for the sixty or more guests,|this village, and Miss Mary Morrison, . ; :
Furs" ; Mail I : ie Maker NE a concluding a/delightful afteracon daughter of" gaa Worsisdn. of Eis : 1s
x : ; From the 1 Ty ; . ; - ver, was salemnize "
Buy Direct Fr nae Mr, Handy @nd Roy Taylor, FT rane tof Miss” Figures ince Monday morning by Rev. Fr.| = ig! oe ;
1 OBB|[\ foreux, Miss Ouellette, of Wind- »

men, -had an experience .pn Thess 4
night that they will never cars to 1¢-| Eharming and amiable young Indies,

fpeat. While out on the lake pursuing third daughter of Mr, and Mrs. Thos.
| their business of taking il nots, engine | Craig, and Joseph. Wright,. youngest

      
 
  
 
 
 
   
 
  

    
  
 
 

 

gor, attended the bride, while Wiltred | «Home of Good Eats”
Galipean wus best man for Iijs broth-
er, » The: Echo extends hearty con- :

 

 

    
  

Waker of W,.T, O'DONNELL * Gi *

 

     

   
     
   

. 3 trouble” developed In thelr gassiine gon of Mr. and Mrs,Edwin® Wright, :

Fine Furs First Floor Osterhout Building. launch, and they were fae 10 Tock was Spesly Soiagnized on Wednesday gratulations. ‘iy = -

" Se hr EE ARLE . shore. All night Jong hoy tossed onimrning at the Methodist parsonage}. cof C A > > ; Ba
\e heavy sen, nearly frozen, on’ ac- Harrow, by Rev. C, R. Durrant, pastor. ian iten Poe on Hl ‘ ead | 1S : 1St ! o

 
      
     

    
   
   
  
   

unt of their not heying worn any; Mr. Wright and bride immediately af-
more. than ordinary clothing. Waed-| “4r the ceremony motored to Wind-
nesdny morning their” sigeat wis ob-!%6r, to proceed on a lioneymoon to

enstern cities: They will have the

served by John Ferriss, another fish-
erman, who went out after them and|hearty felicitations or scores of friends;
brought them to shore, more dead than! with whom The Echo joins."

alive, Ta A Jasper Tofflemire, this week, sold
The. whole countryside will- be in| the George Huffman place, 241 acres,

way Commission by debentures.

While returning from a wedding,
‘Wm, George, Walkerton, waa killed
by his automobile turning over.

    
  
    
 
  

    
   
  
  

  
  

 

Then Seé Me for Prices:

Colymbia Grafonolas ‘JAN I H.C. Implements

The award of the board of concill-|Gerard Heintzman' Planos Tractors a specialty :
ation= is entirely acceptable to the |poherty Organs Also Tractor Disc Harrow

Guelph Radial Railway's employbes. |8jnger, Willlams, Raymond and White | Chatham. Wagons . 3
Sewing Machines Tk Wm. Gray Sons’ Buggies . » >

   
 

 

        
  
     
   
 
  
  

   
   
 
  
 
  

   
   
 

 
   
   

   
   

  
 
    
    
 
  
    
 
 

  
     

  

     
  

     
     
    
 

     

 
    

     
 

   

      
 

 

   

 
  
 
 

 

d in the announcements of IF Inks front, to Wm. Woodliridge,- who mm rem : :
i, Pern gn. paged'10 ind § ot tntsil] Inetaiite Soe eian there. t asmiat Notice to Creditors. : Bi SALE." DeLaval, Lily and Magnet Crea
jssue of The Echo. Mr. Forriss 18 Aim in his farm work. Mr: Tofflemire , 5% , Ais 1.good Wood Land Roller In good con- arators E ;
tooue of He Which tries the nervel then. purchased the Jackhon ‘Quick |uy wa matter of the Estate of Josesh D. |2 nt “il 2 row SPECIAL PRICES.
en in such an exthuive business.| firm of 86 acres on“the otlnke round, | , iate of Ae manip of Mai. |2 Disc Harrows (uséd) © © |A few odd lincs to
Put bo hus faith not only in the dis-| tom Ivaw Brown. possession to ba oo den, in the County ‘of Essex, Farmer, | Some good second-hand Separatorsand Sewing Machines on
trict, but fn tio caslysyscem, and SEN BL LORE SL January: Mr. Brown | ‘ydectwsed i pupanttons.| CoN eS age Licen ;
ondeavor to prove Lc tho buying pub TIA, In with his - David ( Chap. TST Amending Acts i oS Ro dr
{Meithnt cush reduced prices of) jrowns. This 1s one a | i porary Ravin cms sun acatiel © FOYHN RE :
rR Wat JOHN READN
house. of pr quated-Giiy in the, Toftle wil I Dol 10 . ot prepaid’ Of do- Neuf Ys, : ar
page 10 -are- merely indicitive of the oud y W y mt, fier es or ih ; : ;

“in th
