   

 
 

Shoes of
Calfskin .
“Neolin Sole” :

5.85

For early ‘fall wear these Calf Skin Shoes of dark
Mahogany and Black Calf skin are unusually smart
Several styles in this showing for selection.

The shoe illustrated is one of the “EUREKA SHOE co.”

make of dark mahogany color, Boston welted S 5 85
soles, new 14 sport heel, specially priced this week .

 

   

 

 

   

        

CeOLr owroLss L358
VEURIPISL JOU £7 Sool

Women’s Golden Brown. and Chocolate Kid
laced, 8-inch. tops, same style and pattern, but
not welted'soles, at ........... ~......" ssi $7.00 the pair

 

 

We carry a great many styles in combination lasts, that is
shoes with narrow heel measurements and broader fore part,
possibly you need just this last.

$7.00 - $8.00 - $10.00

All widths- from A to E.

WILKINSON'S BOOT SHOP

 

 

 
 
  
   
 

 
    
   

For 25 vears “Comfort” has
been Canada’s favorite—for 25
years the biggest seller. Re-
member, Comfort ‘washes per-
fectly in hot or cold water, hard
or soft. It reduces work. It cuts

expenses. The big chunky bar
fits the hand. i=

 
 
 
 

 
 

 
  
   
   

“It’s All Right”

PUGSLEY, DINGMAN & CO. LIMITED
TORONTO, ONT.

     
    
   
    
    
  

 

 

foferiefeonfefenfodefonfefens

   

— + : ps ee ee]

xX : : : ~ :
\ * Near the Old International Hotel. HARRY LAUDER, SPENDTARIET. INOS ER =

o> Ouellette Avenue, Windsor. = bo N hat Bek be
x 4 The, last time Harry Lauder, © the) r or 2 JT of hotel dn zp ow norm Coulter, of Goldsmith
= os [ Scotch. comedian, toured Anwrica, he windsor are asgfming and At | Mlcted with a stroke Sn Thre

FH sts I wis routed through westera Sh In, [ may not helongfbetore such a propo: | ; i z Jorat ph re : re Bn hd
ole 2 | but the theatres. were too small to ition will coyfe to' a howl tl kis a A 3 sine el nave |
bib * LEAR tot debbie * eked hold the erqwds or tb make it profit-| Following officers wero elected hy feriten: one sold his property
RTE able to show the small tow The 0 sax County Game Seal, Blokfc bas so 8 arty |

 

 

 

 

 

EEE | manngement finally hit oh the plan c
iw utilizing .some of the big chuicnes

with which the * northwest countr
abounds, and this method of anzon
a oh | modating the crowds proved vary suc

cessful.

 

1

    

| HARROW LUMBER YARD.

   
  
  
   
  
   
   
  
    
  

 

In a certain small city thera wi Alex. Gow, I). A. Max and have Ir Tanks ell
We have the material and give satisfaction. Tha old saying big, barnike church; which the Hush B. Gilbert, J. A. Potlin, A re 100-waltt sirest lights. whi i
applies to this, “The proof of the pudding is in the eating.” ! der fapreagntative abt ine v for Alsen and A W. Reid. South ] added much to the
ETC We have.alyways on hand for sale—Lumber, Shingles, Lhth, i ['nominat Jolial Ine HS a ox 4 x 2 aos ih i 5 Bion. people of the village 3 i
— Lime, Beaver Board, Cement, Coal, Seaman-Kent Polished Floor. ~ it owas, could sc THEY, Le B00 Fa ore MERAY, "GEOTED POE EC promised modern and up-to-date strovt ;
; § who came from miles: around to sce | ward Winter, J. Hancock, W. Pllden | © 00 : al-dhe iran S00
Ing of all kinds of Hardwood. he the famous entertainer. * land €. B: Tavior lighting” for the future.= They are al-
anty We manufacture Storm Windows, Storm Doors, Sash, and all The followiig Sunday the pastor. —\Wjth the industrial’-development | fea in Som] ost ion With the Hy: T &
(ap kinds of Moulding required in bullding a house. during his sermon, referred to Lauder | of Windsor dnd nelghboring mulcl:fi re, Flestrie Commission fo Aly
re Wo do all kinds of Carpenter Work and Contracting, and will | lland his show. With volce trembling palities ‘menaced by the proposed | purposes and. for the absorption ‘of three brands .
be pleased to give an estimate or price on any kind of work, large with” emotion, he dnnounced that lie! joyble fncome tax that may be impos. | pr i private electric an] | .
AND Or smal. had a terrible revelation to make, |ed by the United States Government 'S. Pr¢ of {in Wine i on on Erle . ° o
alty = “We all thought,” he sald, “that|on American citizens doing. business stronk north-aré agitatias for A sealed in air-tight
Harry Lauder was a man ‘of the most {ior working. in the Dominion, the boy- [| t on Erioletroat north from Talbot z
Irreproachable liabits as well as a an f der Chamber, ef Commerce and other | al rie a Toy fi
of the. strictest . probity, but Ean trade bodies” In" W oslern Ontario Roi The construction of a sewer under packages. Easy to find —
unity there was a moment of Ave inspising preparfug to take the fight to Ottawa,| center of Talbot street. west ‘of
stillness in the house—“but, after héJand Washington, if necessary. «More | oa i ; 7 Soh bn = i i )
ad and his company had departed, I found | than 2,000 persons in Eafex county LL village drain: outlet, is boing it IS on. sale

in the place where he had changed his
costume a bottle half-filled with a dark
Hquid. 1 do not know the taste or
odor of whiskey or brandy, but Fam
convinced it was one ar the other!"
As a matter of fact Lauder |p one
of the most abstemious of men and
«| he was rather annoyed by the state-
ment, when it was ealled to his atten:
tion. + Hector Charlesworth, of the To,
ronto Saturday Night, however, could
not resist the opportunity of perpetuat-
ing a clever paragraph.
Charlesworth’ printed “an extract
from the sermon. gnd then added:
© “If. this story 18 frue, and Lauder
left 2 bottle half full of whiskey in
his dressing room. he.ls open to seri-
ous censure: Such wasteful extraya-
gance should be rebuked!” 4

 

EE

 

 

 
 
  
  
   
  
  
  

 

 

     
   
  
 
    
  
 
 

    
  
    

  

  

    
 
  
 

 

 

     

   
   
   
  

  
  
   
  
   
   
  
    
   
  
  
    
    

 

  
 
    
    
    
 
  
  
   
    
  
  
   
  
 
  

  

KINGSVILLE,
~ 1 Pte. Ernest Hooper, who has been
PA in the right direction when you come here for sdiving Ie Pho thorenes Jn Flanders
returnetd home here Monday last. e
I. AUTOMOBILE TIRE is looking and fooling, Ans pila bis
RT VU AN = tussle with Heinle and his friends.
; LC IZING : J 2 orghady is rejoiced to ta at least
) Y ¥ wes Ua os of our lads returning sifely.
: Our careful work merits your appreciation and patronage some. Odatollons and Rebekals ot
% ti RT thven held open installation in that
TRY US next time you have a pihchire or cul Bupuve dy ayo of last week,
a Prompt service a specialty. The attendance was very large, The
Ime. fe 4 installing officers were Dnay Mr.
: Setterington and D.D.PiG. Mrs. Louns-
Up Ls T0 he DATE TIRE REPAIR SHOP bury, both of Wheatley. After instal-
erst: lation speeches were made hy Bath
to f : R. B. McMORROW, Manager. District Deputies, Mr. Gott, of Am-
dsor. ' - ; 2 TH Ph y 3961 herstburg; Mr. Eqsandy, oY indsor;
vi ( { Messrs. Kennedy an epworth,
16 41 Pitt St, E. Windsor. one - “Wheatley; Roy Scratch, “Kingsville;
16 4 the NobJe Grand of Leamington Lodge,
16 WW VW VW VV VV VW aii tebe bn gon Lets
m, a . — Grand .of Beaver Lodge, Ruthven, and
-16 — rt 2 tute others. - Lunch wig served after the
16 ( 5 2 speaking and a number Indulged in
15 oe : a dancing for a couple of hours. Mem:
16 3 T . YEAR ROUN AUL,. bers of both orders were presént from
15 "+ | 27 A Wheatley, Leamington, Kingsville, Es-
16 + g ' = : sex and Amherstburg.
16 KX r= 3 hE: d tim The Public School Board of Kings-
Vint. op ilders depend on us in'good times and ba es vile is this year constituted ns follows:
aves oe Builders can. ep A Wi nts, such as K. B. Oxley, chairman; Robt. Black |
pted. oe to have on hard all their requirements, secretary; ‘E. A. Brown, Jas, Bennett,
ough fe J A = : / vi Chas. Palmer and A. W.. Allén. The
stern CEMENT Inst two ‘named were elected this
= . ! hd Lo SO year. Mr, nek has been on is
ole - : ER \ board for fourieen years, Mr, Oxley
. WwW : ‘ > ten years, E. A. Brown eight or teh
FRY i HAR D ALL. - P LAST af years, Sp Mr. Barnett as elegiod a
— p’ * y couple:df years ago. The achool popu-
4/7 al a A K &c lotion has grown so rapidly. that the
i BRICK, LIME, FIRE BRICK,

board found it necessary to abtain
new site to house the primary class
They accordingly purchased tia Wall:
{ington Wigle ‘property ‘across the
street on the east from the Pip
school buflding. This property con-
taing nearly an acre of land} giving
|ample space for play grounds for tia
little ones. , The residence on
property has bean overhauled an
;{ been converted Info a very plemsant
Jo | up-to-t wchool room at vet
4 It fs'the inten

ve iad the
80 that the 1it-|
ve an jdeal spot 1

‘from the larger

yl

~The never hear : “JUST OUT” at the
‘Old Reliable Builders’ Supply House 4

   
  
   
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  

1

 

A W a |

  
 

   

“| defer action until the end of March,

left about $145,000, will' total nearly
$20,000.

and andther seriously stabbed in an

affray with Italians at
bridge.

ket on Thursdiy offerod spotatoes at
$1 per bag, But. the ruling price in the
city is $1.85 to $1.60 per bag,

ties at Cnlgary 1s noted in the build-
ing permits fssued,’ which one doy -re-
cently amounted to $42,000. .

Red, Shield’ and there are still the
contents of most of the envelopes col-

count,

| year's salmon pack was tho

Tas two years.

one h

  
   

 

   
   
    
   
    
 
  
  
  
 
    
  
    
   
   
  
    
    
 

 

 

 

 

Commission |

ngton, last week: President, |
Conover; 1st Vice-Pres., M -
2nd Vice-Pres.,, J
+ Biward R. Korr; At-
, Arthnr B. Drake and W. A
North: Essog Exo PF. H

here

the

|

   

Loy S. Moody, and has purchased
dlisan farm helow thie Campbell
rond, 4th line, Romney.

he village count
1

Tie

  
  
     

 

 

y
1-

  
 

|
at its first meet- |
committee

      
  

or
{torr
Sr

 

ling appointed
> Iposed of three
{taken ander t

con
havo

  

   
  
 

   
 
   

  
    

 

 

  
 

  

      
 

 

    
 
 

everywhere.

  
  

   

Look for, ask for,
be sure to get

WRIGLEYS
The
Greatest ‘Name
» in Goody-Land

WRIGLEYS,™=-
2 SPEARMINT
—  MWCPERFEGY GUM 7

VlPaziir iia zsivo YZ

   

  
  

    
 

   

 

when tho agreement with the company |
covering wages and working ‘condi:
tions expires, Iuspector=Compton, of
the Federal Labor, Department, Priday
completed hia-*Investigation of. the
men’s. deniands for the dismissal of
Superintendent Hayes. Ho refused to
disclose the nature of the report he
will nike to the Government, but it
i8_sald his conclusions coincide with
the Wishes of the men for postpones
ment of arbitration proceeding® Man-
Ager Sidney Anderson las changed
lils fiffid about submitting the men's
allaged grievances to a board of con-
¢illation, A week ago he emphatical-
ly declared that the company would
not consent to arbitrateson the ques-
tion of the puperintendant's dismissal.
Friday it was announced that he had
nominated Barrister A, R. Bartlet, of
Wingsor, as the company's represent-
ative on the arbitration board,

"Augustus Thompson, fQfteen years
old, wag drowned while skating on
Kingston Bay.

Erelght rates on regular steamsliips
plylng between Canada. and the Brit-
ish Isles have dropped to $1.50 per
cublc foot. 2

St. Thomas Great War Veterans con-
sider the, vocational. training Courges
for returned soldiers. too short to be
adequate. . :

‘The costs In_connection with the es-
tate of T. H. Gould, of Hamilton, who

  
 
 
    

 
 

  
 

   
        
 

 

    
   
     
  
   

   

  
  
  
   
 
   

  
  
  
   
 
  

     
   
  

    
 
  
  

Fr fe a Sr

  
     
 
   
  
 
  
     
 
  
 

 

    

ot.

   
  
  
 
 
  
    

  
  

  
  

  
   
 

     
 
    
    
  
   
  
   
   
 
  
  
 

 

A quantity of Standing Timber

One French-Canadian  wa® fatally for sale, one mile East of Marsh-

Niagara Falls

Some farmers on the Hamilton mar-

  
 
 
   
   
  
  
   

  
      
  
  

 

Take Peps at Once!

Pops will safeguard you against more
serious aliments of which “sore throat” is
usually just the beginning. By Resplig a
box of Peps on hand, therefore, you éan

avold much unnecessary suffering and
n expense.

Peps Pastilles, dissolved on the tongue,
throw off a medicinal Pine vapor, which ((N
is such a powerful disinfectant that it de- §
stroys all germs and prevents the soreness

 
 

forferfenfoofesfosfesfosfeiretonfonfoafesforfosfosfe enter]

The expansion of industrial facilf-

:

 

. LM Bh | rughedy while the mild wenther lasts,
Jom ne (hi clog hy a I fa hg | Al'of the owners of the lands abutting
ha 38 REXL LO Impossible for]. ool sewer are already availing
brane hes of Amerlcan industries to themselves: of private ‘drain connec.
continue ii business in the Dominion tion therewith, which will afford most
should the tax become law, declared excellent drainage for all’ lands, bi SE
members of the Chamber, there bajng BENE Re er
scores of ‘large industries in Westerm| © 2 &-C
J ’ —On® secs Im UElPUS: § co-f
Ontarfo in which is fnyested American ments ‘in Joftie OF to: Wookie
capital. ; $i - [ ths weeki One papers offesr “the
elleving the “time inopportune to’ yy ya of thie year free to subscribers
arbitrate differences with the com- for next year! - An advertiser sayse
pany, employees of thé. Sandwich “Now Is the time to seloct Christmas
Winduor & Amherstburg Railway may presents,” while another statess.that
réques! the Dominion Government to his-atore will be open every night un-

IL-Ctirostmas,” and ather Yuletire an-
nouncements. No wonder some men
claim ‘that advertising does not pay.
That kind certafaly will not, but will
prove disastrous. - When the adver-
tise. has some real. attraction hig
Statement will npt bo credited.

Soldlors at Winnipeg broke up an
attampted meetidg of © Social-Demo-
crats in the Market Square, threw
furniture and literature out o fthe sec~
ond storey office®windows of the al-
leged Bolshevik headquarters, and
burned copies of ~The Red Mag,” to
the applauge of the crowd. :

George Clark, jr, 33 years old, un: is
married, committed suicide Sundlay
mornig on his father's farm, about four
miles southenst of Fergus. His moth-
er discovered the body hanging by a
rope from a beam in a_feed passage
Inthe barn. Coroner Dr. Kyle was
called to view the remains; and” de-
cided that an inquest was unneces-
sary. Despondency (he ciuse,
hefeofefenfofeelenfolontoofecenfoofefonfesfodent
ge
oe !
oe
¥ :

i
¥
field, on 5th Concession of Col-
chester South. y
TERMS—CASH.
Cl
Jasper B. Tofflemiore
'ARNER. R. R. No. 1
Phone 51-14.

   

Hamilton. raiséd its 50,000 for ‘the

3

 

   
  
 
  

   
     
 
   
 

ected ‘at the houses: af Ee I

NOTICE T0 CREDITORS. _| |

 

f° eltizens to

  

  
  
  

Vancouver, B. ©, reports that la:
largest :

    
  
 
   
 

 
    
 
 
   
 
 
  

spreading. At the same time the healin,
Ks Hatoryot She induatey, It is RSs re Quality of the vapor soothes the, inflamed
Risceg At 1,616,157 casen ofall. varied, ,, a matter of the estate of Robert Cral membranes and soon brings relief,

hi
Fawnen! of Anderdon,
the County of Eeaex, Farmer, 3

chapter 121 fon, iy a E
] or 191, Tay
© cai Braned” tho esate” oF he sald | |
tho Bin any tir ADEIL “1017, ‘are required |

1 ) ald or deliver 10. Mra.
ATA

03% OFTice; ONL Oh OF barors
ais Ss Tih id

P
HE ba
BY em

  
  
 
 
  

$i Ey 5
growth is indicated in the
in the:

% if
Alberta's id.

  
 
 

  
  

Pp beneficial for lai
pi Srasee squally beneficial for laryng.
lers or Pops Ge.

Bopilation during the dea pl to. Shc.

- a since
Shsus 1916 on od “at i

   
  

fo
