    
  
 
  

  

  

    
  

 

Make the Bay Proud of fis Clothes

efeofoefoefeefocfoofoefeeferfectectectesferforferdecfectectdedofeofesfosfosfosfosfosfecfosfocfoofostecfoofisafeafsafsofsafosforfosfoofosfesdesfosfesfeste

SPRING

 

 

There is a wonderful” choice here of boys’ clothes; snappy.styles; rich fabrics
sind. colorings. Clothes that wills give the boys the same stylish appearance his dad

likes.

A complete showing of the famous Sanford Juvenile line, sport models, double and

single-breasted models, the new waist seam styles, suits with extra pants.

This is

really the most artistic and comprehensive spring fashion display for boys we have
ever-prepared for you. ’

I siz sis, 518, s20, $22, 8%

SMART HEADWEAR FOR THE
KIDDIES
Sac, $1.00, $1.

i]

Smart styles<in velvets and velours for little
and boys; also new tweed shapes for the

 

 

ser boys.

=r

KIDDIES PLAY SUITS
Blue Bird Brand—$2.00

b a5, $2.00 :
SLow, Cie g : Made from good substantial knitted fabric, in-
By $2.50 J cluding jersey and combination waist and knick-
ers, with drop seat. Colors—Ilight blue, brown

dnd maroon—sSizes 2 to 4.°

BOYS’ BLOUSES ~~  _
75e, $1.00, $1.25 GY

right new patterns in light, medium and dark

colorings, featuring Junior and. Little Prince
8 brinds—all sizes 6 to 14. :

BOYS” HOSIERY
_ 40¢, 45¢, 50¢, 75¢
IiLster and Wearwell brands, one and one rib,
close firm knit; black only—sizes 6 to 10.

 
  

 

% I

34 to 44,

FINE COTTON PYJAMAS

$2.50, $2.75, $8.00,-$4.50
es Plat, colors, also neat stripe. de-
3 WN sins, nicely braid trimnied garments
? that are: well sande and properly” por-
8 tioned, Sizes—A, B, O, D. ©

= NEW SPRING CAPS
$1.50, $1.75, $2.00, $2.50

Light weight twoeds,. fancy Wor: x
sted, and are here in the Intest Ws
Spring styles tailored by Canada's best

fo ON &
ri—many of them beautifully NS
Silk lined. Pattern variety ample for TORONTO,

 

     
  
    
   
 
  
 

cap make

Pleasing chofce.

 
 

SPRING UNDERWEAR UNIO

SUITS AT— 0
p $2.00, $4.50, $5.00, $6.00, $8.00
: and $10.00

oA Natural and wool mercerized fab-
§, and fine all wool cashmere (Cetee
5 rand) unfon suits are here in variety
1 enough to make ‘choosing easy; sizes .

NEW SPRING HATS . /

$3, $3.50, $4, 85. $6, $7 .
Engliah and, Canaquan fur fete Derby W/VDSOR,
and soft hats in the season's new .
Shapes and colors, Also Italian soft
Mts —fine in texture and light in.
-Weight—all sizes. = © #

BOYS’ BLOOMER KNICKERS
$1.50, $2.00, $2.50
Strong wearing well made bloomers for the

boys; in dark colors, also light tweed mixtures;
all sizes—24 to 38.

C HAMILTON, '
LONDON,

fesfosfecfoeforfectocforfocfocforfecfeaferfosforfectosfecfrefecte

A presentation of the newest ideas in
modeling---A wide variety of beautiful fa-
brics, patterns and colors. Indeed a most
remarkable early exhibit including all the
new waist seam effects.

$40, $45, $50

Stylish
- Spring
Overcoats

The lastest and most authentie styles—the newest
fabrics, and colorings. Irish tweeds, Scotch homespuns,
English coverts, Gabardines and cheviots—garments that
show the refindment of finish and workmanship so much
appreciated by the good dresser. Look through this very

complete stock of Spring Overcoats.

25, 30, 135, “40, *50

    

 

| is undoubtedly the coming motive

| Tilley, $6; Roja Pearce, 1 ddg struck’ {|

A WARNING TO MOTHERS.

 

"THE ECHO

Published by

TE ECHO PRINTING GO., Limited

JoiN A. AULD, A. W. MARSH,
President. Sec.-Treas.
Hav0g placed on Hansard the form-
{dableProgram of the Canadian Coun-
cll of AFjgulture, J. A. Maharg, AM.P.
for Moose 18W, and président of the
SaskatchewdD Grain Growers’ Associt-
tion, served Notice on the Governnient
and declardd In his address Monday
that if something substantial were uot
done this gz98lon-in connect’on with
the tarifr, there would be a number ot
bye-election? before the House mat
again. He qurther intimated that the
price @fiwh it must be fixed, or some-
thing done (2 8tabllize the wheat-grow-
ing industry. and he Issued the threat
that if the tariff were not reddced
“| then the westerners would all boycott
the Capadia® manufacturers and pur-
chase their Materials In such a way
that the revenue would actually go Into
the treasury ;

PROBE PRICE OF PORK.

     
    
    
 
 
 
     
   
 
 
  
  

sylvanin, Free Press warns mother

can't gold-brick a sharp-eyed suito

 

goat.”
rr

TEA AT $3 A BOTTLE.

 

his hip pocket, whispered: “Want to

tation behind the station ‘resulted in
the exchange of $3 for a promising:
looking bottle, He tipped off four
others and four other; deals were «put
through. That night at Parry Sound
they prepared to make merry. The
cork was pulled in No, 1, and at the
first “swig” a look of “swigger,"
“Great Scott!” he roared, “it is tea.”
And it was,

: ee "NE rerr—

TRY

 

: North Essex Member Makes Request

of Oritanio Government. THE WEEK'S MARKETS.

 

 

Thé . following comment on the
market situation as regards foodstuffs
appears in Canadian Grocer this
week: Prices being quoted on coffee
show a revision upward this~ week,
and indications are that another
change to higher levels may again be
made next week. Spice markets gen-
erally are feverish, and some slight
recessions have, been made. An ex-
port demand for peppers is develop-
ing. Cream of tartar is weak and
prices locally are down about 10 per
pound. Lower prices have again been
established on beans, and prices must
be pretty well scraping on the bottom

S. Ducharme (North Essex), speaking
on the budget In the Provincial House,
discussed the difficultlfes of farmers,
and defended them from charges of
profiteering, The speaker urged the
Government 0 Investigate the cost of
pork, to placP responsibility for ex-
isting prices. He asked that the Leg-
{slature be told the estimated cost of
the Provincial Highway.

He referred brigfly to” the Ontarlo
Temperance Act, and gave it as his
opinion that tHe measure “was a thorn

in many people's sides.”

 

Essex County Fair met in the town |basis. Cornmeal is up 0c to 75¢ per
hall, Essex, on Friday afternoon last, | 98.pound bag, and corn flour {8 up G0c
and revised tie prize list for the Fair |per barrel. Rolled oats seem to bear
on October §tth, 9th and 10th mext,|a little firmer undertone, Mill feeds
adding about $250 to the stock and|are fictive, and no accumulation of
grain classes Prizes were increased | supplies is reported.
in the horse classes for Percheron and i A —
Clydesdale stailllons, General Purpose, | WHO SHOULD FILE
Percheron andl Agricultural yearlings; INCOME TAX RETURNS
in the cattle «lasses on Shorthorns,
for cows in the dalry classes, and for There appears to be doubt in some
all females in the Holstein clas, also | quarters. particularly among work-
for beef herds and fat cattle. In the |men, as to whom the Dominion: War
sheep classes, a raise of fifty cents |Tax Act applies. The Instructions
was made in each of the prizes, while | published by the Finance Department
in the swine, an extra section was |says it applies to the following: “Ev-
added for sows over two years of age.]ery person who in 1918 resided or
In poultry tlhe 10-cent fee. for: each |ordinarily resided In Canada or was
entry. was struck out, and. a third employed in Canada or carried on
prize of 25 «cents added; pigeons |business In Canada, including corpor-
struck out amd rabbits added. _The |ations and joint stock companies.”
dent cdrn and «clover seed prizes were Those who should. fil¢ returns are
ralsed.« In the: Children's’ Department, | the following:
there were alsio some increases. The 1. Every unmarried person or wid-
ladies’ work amd fine art classes are to |ow, or widower, without. dependent
be revised by m committee of ladies. |children onder twenty-one years of
age, who during calendar year 1918
received or earned $1,000 or more.
FUTURE OF THE PERE 2. All other individuals who during
MARQUETTE. * | calendar year 1918 recelved or earned
2,000 ‘or more.

Sir Adam Bieck's proposal that the 3. Every corporation and joint
Provincial Hydiro Commission should | stock company whose profits exceeded
acquire and ellectrify the Pere Mar-|$3,000, during the fiscal year ended in
quette line between St. Thomas and | 1918.
the western bayrder has been receiyed From the above it will be seen that
with favor, particularly in the dis-|any unmarried person, widow or
tricts that have lamentably inadequate | widower without dependent children
passenger service, Now that the |under 21 years of years, who has not
whole radial nailway scheme has been | received or earned $1,000 or more dur-
rendered possible by the action of ling the year 1918, is not required to
Hamilton, thisre is-.every reason for I'make returns, The same is the case
pushing {on to completion. The line | with any other fudividual who ‘during
from Hamiltoin to Niagara: Falls: will | 1918 did not receive or earn. $2,000 or
ie started at the carligst possible | more. : This also -applies-{o corpora-
moment, and ithe Toronto-London line | tions and joint stockicompanlds whose
will follow. Mo carry the Hydro road | profits did_not exceed $3,000 during
right through 'b¥ the acquisition of the |1918. . = i
Pere Marquettia [8a necessary corollary| Those who have fo file returns may
to the London road, and wil vastly [obtain forms for the same at the post
improve the movement of. passenger |office,
and freight traffic, “It will have both

 

 

  
  

 

EE ra

 

 

 

Ae WE Fo
time and expeinge and greatly enhance “a
Jthe value off {he section .it™ serves SPRING WEATHER

through the girenter ease of communi:
cation and triyngportation, Electricity

 

HARD ON BABY
power and 18 certain to supersede:

steam. That tlhe Hydrp should be first The Canadjan spring weather—one
to adopt it lin {ts provincial system |d8¥, mild gnd bright; the next raw
a natural cOligequence of {ts success and blustery is extremely hard on the
and is, indeed; the only method of util- baby, Conditlong are sueh that the
lzing the Peri, Marquette-to an extent | mother cannot sake the Httic’ one out
that will rendjar it an [mportant factor for the fresh air §6 much to be de-
in the hailway situation, sired. He is, confined to the house
et ne Shieh 1s ofisn opie) Soa aly

» WI ¢ ventilated. e catches cold; 8 lit-
Colchester North Council. tle stomach- and bowels became dis-
ordered and the: mother soon has a
sick baby, to look after. To prevent
this an occasional dose of Baby's Own
Tablets should be given.. They regu-
late the stomach and bowels, thus pre-
venting ‘or curing colds, simple fevers,
colic or any other of the many minor
ailments of childhood, The Tablets
are sold by medicine dealers or by
majl at 26 cents a box from: The Dr.
Willtams' Medicine Co. Brockville,

Ont,
———

ee ——_——————tr a ———— a
Eitel, Friedrich, second son of the
former German, Emperor, the Kleine

 

 

Saturday, March Sth. »
» Council met jn regular session. The
minutes of Felyryary Sth and 15th were
read and, on potion, adopted.
Messrs. Parl and Croteau addressed
the council regarding the'reception of
returned soldiers, On motion - of
Messrs. Purvis and Sweetman, $100
was granted towards the expense of
same.
+ ‘On motion, tha clerk was instructed
to advertise fur tenders’ for the icon:
struction of ths South Townline and
Coulter Side Bsaq drains in the Essex

Free - Press 4 1
Echo. nd gTie sAmhorsiburg Journal of Berlin says, has commenced

On motion G¢ Aassrs. Sweetman and divorce proceedings against his wife,
Tofflemire, th, assessment of be charging infidelity before the war.

Bondy. for ong gor, and A=W. Miller
for one dog wag struck off, as the
dogs were kilj qe pefore the Court of
Revision. :

Mr. Weyblrn reported that R. B.
Pinkerton any p Hamilton were each

taxed for & Phang too many. k
| Moved bY Magers, Tofflemire and
Sweetman. thy¢ they be given a re-
fund of $5.5) gna $5.72, respectively.
as overcharge, — carried. :

On motlof sys regve and.the clerk
were appoilita; ¢, Jook-after the Schil-
ler phone in ay, jargon.

The minui.. or the telephone meet-
Ing Were reqg 4ng adopted. v
The reev, ranorted settling with
Colchester §,,s, ra the Jenner drain;
they taking oy 110 assessment against
the land of norion and Myles, lot 4,
con. 7.

Moved bY ne: puryis, seconded by
Mr. Sweetli,,, “that our reeve -sup-
port the coun; Good Roads scheme.—
Carried. i”

On motion. 110 %oflactor’s time was
extended tll ;oi rapylar meeting.
On motion, tq following were paid:
John Batten, ropairing bridge, $6.

charged 9th’ oon “Brain of Gosfield
| North; Ed. Yalenfant, = ditching and
| srubbing on Loon Dram, $9; James
Linton, refuny giatyte labor, $3; H.

 
 
  
  
 

 
  
 
   

 

     
  
 
  

 

 

 
   
   
   
    
    
  
   
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
 

Sunlight does it

You who always dread wash
day—bcoause _of the hours of
weary, wash-board rubbing, the
damp steamy air, with perhaps
_your skirt and shoes splashed
and sonked—just (orget all that.
Come into the ease and com-
fort of a Sunlight Wash Day.

  
 

off, $4; A. Ca yingon, registering
HiT 2 artos®® and Jeatefor ast
of 1918, $12.80; Echo
| Printing C0. {avortising, $7; Treas. S.
. To lilance 1918 levy, $126.60;
[Wm Aftled: qa pth on land from S. T.
L. drain ofyo14 $10.60; Wm. Fick, re- |
uts of 8th Con., $2; Wil.
or, d’ of dog tax,3$2; R
Harrow re Jenne:

. Sunlight Soap will do the wash—
_ you can go out calling or_shop-
ping. Read the directions.

    

The Sage of the Kitanning, Penn.

that “it {s harder to marry cff a girl |a BY-LAW to authorize and empower Brun-
who las been pawed over Ly every

boy [n the community than it Is to
fatten sheep on pineapple ice. You

with second-hand goods, any more
than you can fit a bath-robs on a

A few travellers “were standing
around Scotia Junction waiting for
connections, says the Parry Sound
Star, when a rural youth, who had
been sizing them up, picked a likely
one, winked mysteriously, and tapping

buy some tea?” He did, and a consul-

‘ = EE The Municipal Council of tHe Townshi .
COUNTY FAIR EXECUTIVE, now. Canned pork and beans are |or Anderdon snacts as follows: oP
—_— down also, some manufacturers alg =
Tha” Executive Committee of thé’ nouncing a general revision to a-lower |: I: and authority 3 hereb

(shall anything herein be construed” as in

  

 

 

PAGE ELEVEN

By-Law No. 603.

     

 

 
 
       

 

   

8

 
 
  
  
  
 
    
 
  
  
  

 
  
  
  
   
    

ner, Mond Canada, Limited, to erect
and maintain all necessary poles and
wires for the transmission of electric
ity along certain highways in the
Township of Anderdon to persons
whouo lands abut on the highways
along or across which the same is
carried or conveyed.

r

  
   
    
  
  

   
  
 

    
      
  
   
  
   
 
    
     
 
  
     
   

 
 
    
   

 
   
      

Whereas Brunner, Mond (Canada, Limited,
are the owners of Lots Numbers Five, BIX
and Seven In the Frst Concession. of the
sald Township of Anderdon together’ with
the water lot in front of Lat Numper Sev-
cn, the Indian Stone Quarry Resorve fn
the rear of sald lots partly in the First
Coneession and partly mm the Second Con-
cession of the said Township, and also Lot
Number Twenty-nine in the First onees-
sion of the sald Township and the water log
in front thereof; and

    
    
 
  

  
 
      

     
    
   
   
 

   
    
   
   
  
  

       

   

Whereas by
the 14th a
cipality ofl

By-law No, 58R, passed on

of October, 1917, {he Muni-
he Corporation of The Town-
Ship of Anderdon did grant permission and
authority to- Brunner, Mond Candas, Lim-
ited, $6 prect, construct, maintain and
aperaté all necessary poles, wires and oth-
or apparatus for the transmission and dis-
tribution of electricity along the Front or
First Concession Hoad of. the sald Town-
ship between, thelr sald properties; and

     

  

     

    

 
 

     
     

     

       
  
  
  
  

      
 

  
   

Whereas It app
wires of the Beil
sandwieh; Wind

a poles and
mpany, the
sthirg  Rajl-
North \Vast-
Iready been

 

that
rhe
& A
way Company ar he GG
ern Telegraph Company hi
erected and are being maint wd along the
sald Front or First Conces Road, and
Brunner, Mond Canada, Li #1, Dax ap-
pligd to the Municipal Couneil or the
Township forthe right to erect, main-
and operate sdld poles and

     
   
   
   
 

   

 

   

  
 

 
 

 

 
 

 

      
     
    
 

    

     
      
 

 

 
    

    

   

  
   
 

   

     

  
  

   

 
 

 
 

ship and
Concession ids between theor properties
aforesaid in lien of the sald rights hereto.
fore glven twin; and

   
        

 

    

Whereasfit 1s deemed advisable to grant
the sald application: upon the terms and
conditions hereinafter mentioned,

     
      
      

 

    
 

      
 
 

granted to Heur

BICOONSOrS

 

Mond Canada, Limited,
assigns, herainaflor o ~
rd the ( rect, conduct and
Smit electricity r public -and private
use through the sald township of Ander-
don and for such purposes to erect snd
maintain all necéssary poles, wires, con-
duits, connection da other apparatus and
do or 86 to be done all necessary things
On, ACTORS an long the Highwa here -

     

      
 

  
       
      
 

   

   

 

      
  

   

   

 
  
  

 

   

 

 

 

    
 

Inafter mentioned and ro Supply eloe-
tricity fo all persons requiring whose
property abuts the sald highways. subject

 
 

10 the pravisions and agreements herein-
arter mentioned,

     
     

2. The highways or portions of high-

ways upon sWhich the sald Grantees are
hereby authorized to erect. and maintain
their sald pole, wires and works are as fol-
lows: The Second Con lon Road; be-
tween the: Indian Sto uarry MNesapve
and Lot Number Twensy sin the Birst
conn on, the First Con on Road” op-
posits: Lot Number Seven and Lot Nnmber
Twenty-nine r the purpose of croSsing
over or under ame. only.

         
  

 

  
       

 

   

   
   
 

         
  

 

      
 

 
 

 
    

 

     
       

3. The se of the sald highways here-
all be such as not 0 Inter-
away with “the lawral uze of ,
by The public and the Grantees,. their ii
Succesxors and assigns shall at’ all umes
ingamn(Py and n harmless the sald
ToRnshly from action, claim .or lia-
bility that nn Ise or be ade
against Jt by reason of the wrong doing

     

  

   

 

 
     
 

 

       
  

 

    

 

     

   
  
 

  
          

 
 

  
  

or negligence of the Arantees, thelr sue-

castors and assigns in thelr use as afore-
said. §

  
     
       
   

No poles shall be placed opposite the
pd pork street or road
Ing the “8 hereinbefore

» Or opposite: a driveway, or any
entrance into private property, or 20 as to
obstruct any diteh or drain,

  
  

       

        

 

       
         
  

"

5, Any poles which may be erected In

thet line of any street” of road, dite or 3
drain, that. may be constructed hareafter « \
stalk be moved by and at the oxpense of

the sald Grantde, upler the direction of n
an oMcer appointed by he Municipality.

  
          
         
      
    

G6. In calc any .property owner whose

  

  
     

property joins the sereets © hereinbefore :
named, shall make a upw entrance to his ot
properly, ‘the sald Grardee shall at his own [5
expense move his poles and wires, So as fF

     
  

nok to inferfere Io. any’ way with the right A
of ‘Ingress “or “egress from the said igh-
ways to the adjoining ands, == "a

      
        
   

  

The sald Gramteé shall upon foriy- %
cle hours notice In writing movi. his x
poles and Wires so as to | Ubkgbhe pass.
Ing of any bullding which £hall’ ba. moved
from or into any property ‘adjoining ihe
streets -horelnbefors named, or along the
sald streets, and stouldo default be made
in_complying with the requests in these

5, then the township shall: be at
10 perform. the servigs and to claim
reasonable compensation gWerefor by suit
an otherwise from the sald Grantee,

      

       

      
  
 
  
 
 

   
   

 
 

  

  
     
 
      
    
 

8. . Nothigg in thi2 by-law shall be con- a J
strued as allapating the title of the public -
In and to any of sald siresls. or highways
above named, or any portion thereol. nor

    
         
    
 

any manner limiting the right of the
ald Township of Anderaon to regulate the
nsge of the sald streets and highways.

       
  

  
  
  

   

0, This by-law shall take el
upon 11s aceeptance In writ
wiranioes being nied” with the Xk of the
sald Township within thirty days and shall >
thereupon remain in force for a period of
thirty years after (1 shall have been finally
passed.

rt only
by 48id

         
      

  

    
 

‘4

   

10.  Ay-law No. 58% of the sald Town-
ship of Anderdon, passed the. 43th day of
Qotober, 1917, 18 hereby repealed.

      
      
    
     
 

Finally passed this 206th day of January,
1019.

  
       
 
     

RAYMOND ROCHELEAU,
: HReove.
A. €. MATLLOUKX, ~
Clerk,

          
           
 

 

     

NOTICE OF PROMULGATION OF BY-LAW.

The above (3s 4 true copy of a by-law
passed by the Municipal Council of” the
Township af Anderdon on the 25th day of
January, 1910.

      
   

  

 
  
  

  

            
 

And all persons are hereby required to
take notice that anyone desirous or apply
ing. go-have such by-law of any part there- El
of quashed must make Nis application for
that purpose to the High Court of Justice
within three months next after the first
publication of thif notice. In the newspaper.
called The Amberstburg Echos or he will
be too late to be heard In that behalf.

Dated the 28th day of March, 1919. wi

id A. C. MAILLOUX,”
© Clerk.

 
        
    

   

        

  

    
 

  

     

 

 
 

 

 
 
 
 

  
 

  
     
  
   

  

     
       
     
      
     
  
  
 
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
    
   

   
 
 
   
 
   
    
  
   
 

 

 

Auction SALE
© =—OP—
Horse, Harness and Household =

Furniture
ee i
Thora will be sold by Public Auction at

the residence, North side Richmond Street,
Amherstburg, on

SATURDAY, MARCH 20th, 1810
The followin described prope ol

first-class URRY} 2 sels
ness; 2 Ho! 3 1

Harnps: Farm Horse 8 yoars
1200; 1 Jrst-ciass Driver; 1
ens; 2 Iron Beds Semple

  
  
  

 
 

  
 

   
