  
 

 
   
   

2 th)

1y-law
Votey
houry
ie fol.
- With
imbap
en ay
housg
2puty
res
@ 5th
lean’

voles

noseq
I the
one
{ one
first

sald

 

leh
mil
He
6th
uly
bur
out
ad-
our

ert
Ive

AEN

PIYyPTey

| yovember 21st” i

 
 

When a gentlemen buys of us a suit o

. l
right then and there to look forward to nes oy 4
suit. Why? By selling him the very best garments he ever

had and charging him as little as we can -
pring him back nine times out of ten. paged a

 

suppose we are. selfish.

 

Selling good clothes 1s not only commendable but ought
to be profitable in the long run. :

Ww. R. BOYCE & CO.

THE EOHO IS THE OFFRQOIAL PAPER OF THE T

(More Snaps

Maglio Furniture Polish
Rog. 280 now 1Bo
Ono-Second Btove Polish
Reg. 10¢, now Gc.
Change Purse, Reg. 280, now 16o

  
  

obese rlereoboredeobeol dood deshodede lode bob

¥ HARROW. = i}

oes looferte foe sberte fe ofe she dock osfeofobish she bec ope bded
Dr. J.D. Collins ‘has noved his office

to the Heaton blogs.
Mr. and Mrs, S. Bayes motored to

Ridgetown on Smday to see her i
mother, Mrs, Burk, who is gradually a
falling.

At the evening serviie gin the Bap-
tist church, Rev; Thoms Frears, the
pastor, will speak on the second com:
inz of Christ. z

Miss Louisa Wriglt, of Detroit,
spent Friday and Saturday of Inst
week with her parents, dr, ‘and Mrs
Cornelius Wright

F. W..B. DeJean, of Alvinstm, will] hor 2
be manager of the new branch of the bering
Molsons Bank at Harrow, and A. W.
Skinner, formerly of Quebec, will be
accountant,

Don't fail to see the

in the clty.
Mr. Cox

comcert of
ley, Tuesday, December 2nd Two
gram will be given.

English church, Harrow, every Sun-
day afternoon until ‘further notice,

while service wil*be regularly in the

mornings at Christ church, Colcheés-|yjjja spent

. lle, spe
mire’s.

C. BE. Drummond is taking the rear
half of the building occupied by John
Readman, and installing fixtures for
a butcher shop he will open there as
goon as the place is ready for occu
pancy. RY" 3

Daniel Ulch has purchased Mrs. Ida

Mr. and
family left
Mlinols.

 

’

days with
rawdry.

Have you seen THE DOHERTY High Oven and Good Cheer

 
 

  
   
    
  
  
 
   
 

Cabinet Ranges. The finest Elevated Oven Ranges on the Thrashers house and lot on: Sinasac 3
rket. 8% Let us tell you why ins aventie, for $3.200. This is ay ing renewal of Echo subscriptions IS} which to place the tobacco that has *
ma : y 5 the- best: real dstate deals here for} oc. In order. not yet been sold. The determination These are not only ‘everyd i “val ton :
ome time.~ Lorre Murray bought Concert. Oxley - church, Dncember | wag freely expressed - of those who y ‘everyday prices, but characteristic values. Let us
0 RI 0 HAR DSO N & SO N Herb. Richardson's place ya Ee 295d Mgrauspless of Young Peopla's | stijl ve the Johan on their-hands serve you with merchandise of quality at (special prices. | ’
Pere Marquette station, for $1700.| “fr and Mrs, !Durham and Mark to. stick, together to, get ag gaol © fh f Pa
r 10 ALL. N10 rice for their crops as those who } aie
8 ; iz, Rictardson is {oying, Malden Deslippe, of Windsor, spent a fow dlapdsed: of RD Dromedary Dates (new).....,.. 20c Excelsior Dates.................180 # :
HARROW 1 No his 4h AE ome Wed [days in Colchester. , The EH. M. I. Socleiy held a‘socinl (Seeded Rafsons, large PEE. EE devas ves hens Sr eo
: ‘ iw, tho Harem A 4 30k ou Remember J. Gerard's extensive | evening at the home of Stanley Wal- | EE ¢
em [like all books that heve Been out O¥i¥|ayction sale on Wednesday, Noyvem- BAR IO roa ver Toth; | ow Seadless-per 1b... ape s..2: eA 240: 150z pkg, 24c 3.
a month to come back, especialy » ton on Wednesday, Vi r 1 Ng y ’ oz pkg. fe
¢ ber 26th. List in this lata, After the regular business of thejyemen Peel—per Ibic...i...... 55¢ Orange Pesl—per Ib ® a 80

 
   

“pere Mable,”

—

“Corporal Cameron,”

 

 

in which to-l've, and cannot be ac-

ur customers. No matter what others,

 

Moase suppers and venison feotivals| pojjard's.

x

/ C AD HARROW > should be on the program for  couple|™ gag
pe Af ’ GROCER of weeks. The Harrow and Colches-
X » pe bs ter hunters are nearly «all home,

bringing with them nine deer and one

eee Ee moose. . The weather in Northern On-

A tario was very disagreeable mout of
Having to move to other quarters in the near. future, I tha  thue, the cold following ’ one
am offering a few used articles for sale cheap. ASO. new |g (o return fo the

ma boys Foe
ace where {1}
goods at ‘Reasonable Prices : ous Hinde bright ok thelr old Col-
% yor p . chester homes. g
I still hold the agency for I. H. C. Implements, T. E. How tho bank times do chang!
Bissel and other lines Pianos, Organs. Sewing Michines, | Toreo. banks now in ta 02" ime.
Gramaphones, Washing Machines and Tractors.

can get into a bank almost any time.
issuer of Marriage Licenses:

JOHN READMAN

a cold lunch on Saturdey whep We
HARROW

wanted to go.t0 bank..» And Whén we
gaw a neighbor driving wildly by)
Phone 88
] GOODS
RUBBER GOODS.

whipping his horse we mover became’
excited and listened on the phone to
. '% Gum Rubber’ Boots from $4.80 to $6.80.
re. © adies’ Rubbers, first-class, $1.10.

find out who was sic. “for it must be
Men's’ Rubbers gros $1.00 to $1.50 Al ners—all sizes

someone going for a doctor driving
like that!” For it was only someons
¢* Rubbers, up.
pisses Ry i; (ron cy i oy Woaollens, Mixtures—all sized, bought ad-

trying to get lu the bank.
WINTER UNDERW.
in prices. .
and sold at bargdl wide, at 200 Pot yard.

sisters, of Comber,
will give one-of the best concerts any
Speci week—Tobaooo Cotton au"
al vie or, and goods of batter quality, becuse we buy in big

Lo

  

 

 

 

 

    
   
   
      
 
      
      
   
   
  
  
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
    
  
  
 
  
  
  
    

       
     
    
      
   
   
    
    
    

tising a

 

 

Jason

     
   
 
 

, Some

  

Harrow audience ever 1istemed to In
the 1.0.0.F. hall, Tuesday, November
25th, under the auspices Harrow Wo-
men's Institute. The program will
consist of plano selections, mandolin
solections, violin selections, guitar
geloctions, vocal selections. the pro-
ceeds to be for 8 memorial for the
soldiers of Harrow and» Colchester
South who sacrificed their lives "in

 

    
   
  
 
  
       
   
    
    
    
   
  
  
  
    
 
  
    
  
 
   
     
   
   

  
 

  
   
  
   
  
  
    

    

van

 

 
 
 
   

  
  
    
    
  

      
   
    

   
 

 
    
  
 
 

 

Our prices
quantifies’ from reliable firms. than elsewhere. : ied r n
81,00 to $1.50 cheaper y " the great War. Mission: reserve :
Fa ate ones of Suits, Overcoats, Caps, Gloves, etc. Come op seats-50c; general, % a: children, 25¢. 268800
or roceris at as low a prico as anywhere. A Leamington marble salesman met
Price pad ot Hoge and BUT. the Women's Institute here “on Mon-
Fred.

 

,
Highest Price paid fof E00 ue

————— 3
Farmers’ Store”
HARROW.

day. and conferred with them ‘over
the memorial they {ntend to cract in
the Public school grounds for the sol-
dors of this district who made, the
supreme sacrifice during the great
war. The proposal is to eract a mar-
ble statue of a Canadian soldier with

brass tablet, on which the names
o engraved. 5 The ides is meeting

b
with, general favor, and no doubt they
will’ find it an easy matter to raise the.

    
  
   
    
 
  
  

     
 
 
   
  

   

   

11 a few dozen
.... 8800
$6.50
be

best that are made—sti

IL Lor Ta

Carhartt Overalls, the
IOIIL. «ase» os sort

left at, per garm
Miner's Invincible: White Rubber Boots at.

AIL WOOL SOX OR. ona cepe sr sesso nt"

Good Unlom *Sox, fOr. oc: oT]
Good Tine Heavy, MItts from. co... xe
— io bers and Sox at good prices. 43

aX §

  
 
  
  
  
  
  

     
  
    
 
  
 

a 1

 

Gabriele D/Apnunzio’s fc

  

Congress has
vent the éumping of
stuffs in hel 8 open

¥ juries received

   

  
  
  

German

dled as thel
when hej

  

 
 
   

 

THIS AMHERSTBURG ECHO.

 

odd Anes occupy for Christmas goods.

THE SENTINEL STORE

ADAMS BLOCK =

 

BE te eho

+ COLCHESTER SOUTH 1

$s serge ted spe spertrelerobssfeste rier fe deed dled
sPwelve Old ‘Malds”, Oxley, Decem-

Mrs, M. Dart spent the past woek |

an attack of rheumatism.
Mrs. Sydney Tofflomire spent Sun-

Young People's Bible Classes at Ox-| gay at Jncob TofHemira's.
Miss Pearl Lee. of Leamington, i8! Maids,” while thas young

amusing sketches besfdes otfer pro-|gnending tne wouk at A. A. Brush’s
Charles Pollard is recovering nicely |

Service wil be held in St, Andrews| apap an attack of appendicitis.
Seo the dialogue, “Wanted, a Confl- Remember the date.

dential Clerk,” Oxley, December I
Mr, and Mrs Arthur Fox, of Kings

Miss Mary Deslippe spent a

As the end of the year 18 approach-

Ten 8." ¢

‘The Ladies’ Aid of Oxley Methodist

      
 
  
  

“Stolen
Lane melodrama,
Amherstburg, next
Thursday nights.
John Birch, wh
fll for some time,
{ng serum -treatm
growth from which he ia suffering.

An epidemic of
{hrough the homes of the people of
{his township, which se
tagious, as in some cases al
of a iamily are

0. R, Gardner,

und horses for
agth. This will be a aplendid oppor-

tunity to secure rome good stock.

 

taking in tholr nets,
Brie fishermen who
have lost many
storms of
waves playing

James
ment bridge south of, the villa

the county of

 

   
     
     
    
   
  
    

 

 

 

 
  

 

 

 

owing to the
any more unt} next spring.

rr

vale Coal & Iron Co.

 

 

    
 
 
  
   
 
  
     
    

mE EET | me wd oon

“750 to BLTB Ce 50,000 men.| Be
«10 to A men.
T5¢ to #1.75 {now deolared to be about FRAT we They

| Gems in our Men's

What Is It
{| You Need?

All these can be supplied
y at prices Lower than you
: have to pay others. TRY

 

.

     
    

   

OF OOL H+

El A

       

J. R. Pollard, is recovering from an
attack of appendicitis.

W. A. Barnet has purchased 4 16-
aere farm near Leamington f¢f> some
$18,000, and expects to move there
when he disposes of his own place in
this township.

The Victory Loan campaign closed
here on Saturday night, with $107,
650 to the credit of the canvassers,
In view of the fact
— | mendously rich crop of tobacco is
still in the hands of the farmers, this
fs a big sum of money to be gecured
fn Colchester South. The committeo
and all concerned may well feel that
they have done their part; faithfully
and well.

A grand concert will be given in
Oxley Methodist church under aus-
is recovering nicely after iced of Young People's Bible Class
ies on Tuesday evening, December
and, The young ladies will present
the amusing sketch

Charles, the twelve year old son of

the space these and other

 

HARROW.

 

men will
pregemt “Wanted, a Confidential
| j eid There will also be “panto-
| #imes and vocal music, A real treat.

\ [CH
|

The annual meeting
‘iTobaceo Growers’ Association was
{held in Blenheim on Tuesday .after-
| noon of last week. The officerS were
Mrs, Ourtis Gardner and|re.ojected with A. M. Fraser Presi-
Friday to spend a week Injgent and A. D, McDougall Secfetary.

| Thero wasa good deal of criticism of |
few | the methods of the tobacco companies
Charles | j;; buying tobacco in this territory,
and it was decided to send a man to
Great Britain to look for a market in

 

  

Sunday at Roscoe Toffie-

  

her sister, Mrs.

  
  
  

   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
    
   
   
 
 
  

   
  
 

  

 

 

‘brown Leghor. roosters|maoting, the rest of the evening was

   
 

 
  

  

  
  

    

  
    

  
   
     
    
   

  
 

  

 
  
 
  
   
 

Sooo foopoostorforierfenferferieafeofeefosfoobiede
ot : ; and “The Magnificent Ambersons,”| :
LS / x ; | will be sold at Wm. Snider's auction] given over to the" social
oo T RDAY SPECIALS | 1 we would be so glad to see again and {ho tomorrow (Saturday). wy vory pleasantly oo) in contests,
2% Hl ask no questions this time as to why F. J. Bailey 18 advertising his ex-|mucic and games, after aia
5 they stayed out so late. {eneive auction sale for Monday, De-|junch: was served. The silver collec.
08 The great need of this community| gmijer 1st. List in Echo this week. [tion taken up amounted to $4.70. The
. Satur- {3 more homes. There Is a real hous Mrs. Handy and two children. of | text meeting, Wednesday,

We have something’ snappy every atur- | famine here. at present. at least ten|pidgetown, are visiting with her hus: 2th, will be held at C. Hedges veal-

\ t o |tamilies are now looking for places | yong, Mr. Handy, a fisherman host. |dence, and a6 nearly fitty were pres-
ent at the last meeting. it is hoped

      

that as many will again be present.

   
    
  
  
  
 
    
   
 
   
    
  
     
   
     
 
    

  

    
  
 
  
    
  
   
  
  

  

 

day for 0 commodated unless someone else Wednesday to haul
i ome A fi pT . » 3 : church had a bee esday to hau
ou can always depend on Jow prices + |moves out. It 1s in the best interests Be near the : x Bo,
may jo 1 pr 24 P Pig Ls of. the public men of the village’ to vl wn Bll in thogrond; nest fi gala 2 bile ot Large cns delicious California Apricots—you will “dind this fruit a irare
here a ne me. tae, i see that everybody is kept here, and|~ nr. and Mrs, Willlam McLeister, of| 1p the Deaconess Tomé at-Toronto. |delicacy—specially- sd a \ 4 oh
w ; 3 : that caiFonly be done by Sorouragiye Windsor, formerly of Marshfield, spent | SA good deal of interest is being Cn i ea Sa bg ee Tane gee ATE a4
. *f|the bullding’ot more bOBAL Sunday at ~El-Deslippe’s and J. R.ltaken throughout the township, pur-| We have a few Cltrons lgft—they. are fine for preserving. 7 ri
X ticularly along the Jake front, in the 4, : ¢ i op A 2
Welch's Grapelade—regular 50¢ for.........45¢; regular 2c dor........28

      
 

proposition now 4 pearing in The
Echo for the Hydro-Electric Power
Commission to purchase the S., Ww. &
A. Electric Raflway system, having
{ts southern terminus at Amherstburg.
‘our opportunity to

Orders,” big Drury
at Liberty Theater,
Wednesday and

   
   
  

  
   
 
 
 
  
           

o hos been seriously
{s in Detroit, recelv-
ent for tha Inward

  

    
    
      

    
   

Malden. Harrow, Colchester,
and on to Kingsville, Even in the
face of the very inadequate iranspor-
tation servite, Iand adopted to the
growth of early vegetibles and fruits,
and tobacco ive taken a decided ad-
vance upwai¢s in price. Just what
would. happen Af “this section were,
garved by a Hydro Radial system ig"
hard to say, But with equal soil ind
climate to that in the Ruthven and
Leamington: district, ‘there is:no rea-
son. to doubt but what the price of

colds is sweeping

    

    

sms to be con
| members
down ‘with it.

Marshfield, is adver-
uction sale of cows
Friday, - November

    
     
     
  
  

 

     
  
  
      

 

 

 

fine red

 

     
    
       
     
   
   
  
 

 

Snider and wife are ArTADE-
{fairs so as: to be able-to
mber 1st to spend

 

 

   
   
    

   
     

 

     

   
 

r ge hey. will be|jand per acre would go’ skyward a 3
ends from Toledo. did farther down the shore. oy A : 5
of the fisherion, Bors Ain electric. railway transportation they Libby's. quality Sauerkraut—Ilarge Cans. ...18¢; Shaker Solt........10¢ EN
and those e | davelopment of the early garden truck | Corn Starch.......... 2 for 25¢;. Clothes, Pins—good qualit; doz..3¢
fatled to do 80| industry would be. incredible, trams: . 3 ange TOC E20 quality—=per doz.,2
dollars during the |gorming Colchester into a REAL|Lima Beans—per D.........s..156  Thread—200-yards BPOOIS. ormses- BE
the past, few years, the high | vBanana' Belt”, besides the {mpotus| Clark's delicious Ketchup—16 oz. bottle..30c Laundry Stsrch—Ib.....126
havoc with then. that would be given to the summer|p.,, Concentrated Horse Radish—25c BOIS... vagas werner sure 2 a286 0 N
f ' SEAT TRA Ss

ought to keep every
lake front filled from
{he first breath of summer to the time
when snow fifes. The only way this
desired Improvement can be obtaine
but js by petitioning thé Hydro-Blectric
advanced stage of the| Commission for an extension, and
Sr. McGill will not undertake | auch a reasonable propositicn ought
- {to meet with ready acceptances
“ ¥en me

A Every hand i§ wented in this world
that can do a little, genuine, sincere

resort, business

McGill is completing a ce-
home along the

for
Essex! It will bean

¢ work owing to'the
unty has

     
      

  
  
   

 

  

 

-

     
   
 
      
    

 

chairman of the Bddy.

Mills,
South Wales,

   

 
  
 

 

  
 
  
  

 

 

     
  
  

states that Welst cos} miners could work. =| Kellogg's London Corn’ Flakes—2 for ¥

carn £1,200 year. | ; eph Goudlreault was * inbtantly| e085, frag urstal ss suds

Ar : . filled While felling o' tree in the bush | Kellogg's: Toronto Waxtite Flrkos—2 OF. oornnronrgrannenas

J ‘ = oft near Lake St. Aon, K uonrasky, Que Lard Tubs—CIeArINE Bb. cress ness iocsnpueronznazaserinns sents tor

: ust ask {0 see } Rusgo died>dn hospital at!iys have a number of extra large Vinegar Bérrels, just the thing for
A0 om pretty wounds received last dower. fish or ment in—specially priced Retro aln ir FH A emai

- of fine mi . |

by King: George at Buc
“Major James Cooper, ot,

sw Force was Invested

     

are real sell nes.

   
 

<TER SOUTH.

[a
heautiful White Ivory Toilet Articles you have ever seen—

1 ;
that the tre-| yp donre Sets, Mirrors, Hair Brushes, Combs, Military Brushes,

and many other Toilet articles.

wpwelve 01d | DRUGGIST

 

 

«mouse [Nearly Everybody Reads The Echo.

commit'es | Citron Peel—per M.......c......70¢
dainty | Spices—regular 10C GhAKeIS. vive ern rsacniarnnses
Jewel Extracts—regular 10C, .cozee.erne ET

November | Cranberries—per Ib....cco.vveeen.
Mince Meat—You will like pies made from Clarks’ excellent make, the flavor,

Apricot Jam—§$1.20 value for....$1.00 Compound Jam—95c value.....88c

| Corntent—yellow} and fresh—331be.. ous --

  

    
    
        
     
   
    
    
    
   

 

 

it is said, of of

. Three members 'of the same family
aye been decorated on the ame day
kingham - Pal- |

Empire and| oof Good ”
S Emplts otf: “Home of Good Eats”

 

   
  
     
  
    
   
  
   
   
  
   
     

: ® 1 Fost ol
Furnishing Departm
"IS IT UNDERWEAR?

IS IT A HAT OR CAP? =
IS IT A NEW UMBRELLA?

IS IT A RAINCOAT?
IS IT A NECKTIE? . = -
IS IT A PAIR OF GLOVES?
IS IT A DRESS SHIRT? =

Is. It Collars or Hosiery?

VORY GOODS

Just take a look into our window and see the finest lot of 2 5

by us
wonld
us!

 

a

   

+

Buflers, Files, Trays, Talcum Holders 3

This is your best chance to get just what you want.

E. F. DARBY. HARROW
OPTICIAN. STATIONERY
NOTARY PUBLIC - por’ 80

 

Everybody Should Examine Our
Ad. Every Week!

 

 
   
     
        
 
           
      
          
         

 

 

Peels—3 mixed—per’ 1b. .......08¢
veuit...90; 8 for 2c
reer enese.s.8c; 3 for 260

  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
   
  
 
 
  
 
 
   
 
 
  
  
  
    
   
  
  
 
 
    
  

  

is like Lhomemade—special price. and quality—per I. srensvnnssarns306

sr aeee dOB

 

Aylmer Crabapple Jelly—regular 450 ONY. ..orvmatiac nase
ke Flour—Aunt Jemima's pancake style will surely, make ‘you smile;

The Buckwheat. ,..... ee ne'--228

he

we

Pancal
the Tox. of PRncaké®.........200

 
  
   
  
    
      
  
  

 

 

For dandyiches try Clark's Inglass Potted Veal, Obicken, Venison or Ham
xy 3 »
; 24c

es asenscssrnese sesveeNS

—per BIBS ....pescranaiiinn SR ray
Our Special Blend Coffee hds a delicious flavor that’ has, won for it many:

“friends. We grind it every day, thereby ita , freshness ie- constantly
maintained, You may buy cheaper coffees but you can't get the quality

 

     
 
  
 
 
    

 

 
  
    
    

‘near our special price—per IL. eiies ens hs ds strane seals fees 0a B88 AY

Mecaroni and Spaghetti—large FECT Vo os ot gers BE Seen 1AS =

    
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
   

  

    

  
     
     
  

Heinz Beetsteak Sauce—25c bottle... ss...
Hoinz Worcestershire Sauce—-25c DOS. ....ccapg. verre rnrunieees
Siiver Cow MIK.: vp. .is---ea-.220 St. Charles Evaporated Milk
Mirror. Pipe Varnish. ......1Bc  Nonsuch Stove Polish.,...

Zebra Stove.Polish........9c . Comfort Lye....12 L
Buggy Baskets—handy for your rigs whan marketing—regular 30c—onur

PHCE + conrisestiacianann LT iT em ae ws A

Wranswick Sardines—Bifor. .cupeeeesetiisnannonssne
Maple Leaf Early June Peas gatisty—per tin. ..op.coonee
| Sure Whip—m3kes cream whip faster and better—25¢ bottle...

(2

   
 
  
   
       
 

 

   
     
     
   
    
  
   
   

    
   
  
  
  
   
   
 

 

 

 

     
   
 
  
    
   
 
 
   
  
  
 
 
  
     
    
  

 
 
 
   
    
 
 
  

 

 
 
    
 

  

  
  
    

‘
