 
    
  

   

       

          
    
       
  
 

 

Ladies Oxford

  

Fine black kid, or
patent with plain toe,

at
$6.00
New brown kia, at

$622 and $72

  

A stylish and’extremely comfortable type of shoe with ne
BB jc usual WILKINSON characteristics: of high quality, +
Made by high grade manufacturers of dependable I
{I materials throughout—Goodyear sewed welt soles at
poth prices.
. n 5 a7 x. ;
Wilkinson's Boot Shop:
%
11 Ouellette Avenue, Windsor. I
i TB

: Mérsea Council.

KINGSVILLE.

—

 

Monday; May 19th.
Council met pursuant to by-law. All
members present, Minutes of last
jenting read and adopted.
Certificates were received from A.
Baird, C. E, under the D. & W. Act,
that Alfred Wales and Arthur E. Bell
ity. x liad now completed their portion of
izle, son of Mra. Addie [the Bell award, dated February Sth,
, was serving in an Ameri | 1919, and that his additionnl fees for
. in France, returned [extending time, Inspection dnd cer-
ast week, after a year's tiflcate amounted to $9, chargeable as
2 {follows: $4.50 against Allred Wales,
y Milyard and Miss Lu. [and $4.60 against A. BE, Bell.
\ttended the annual meet-' Moved by Mr. Lambier, seconded by
ndon Conference W.M.S., , Mr. Whittle, that cheque be [ssued to
last week, assdelegates A. Balrd for $9.00, chargeable against
ville WIM.S. | the above owners; and if-amounts are
Fred. Huffman, who re NOt pald upon notice, that “tiie clerk
ned from France, where |charge same on Collector's Roll of
Me twelve months, is as- |1919, with 7 per cent. added thereto,
Pickard in the drug store jin accordance, with the D. & WW. Act,
- 10 . ing | —Carried.
25 DARTS po UE SLE A notice was received from J. E.
\frs. J. BE. Ingham and two | Hancock and A. E. Roach that the
3 » Mjsses Ida and Alice, | fire which was burning near the curye
«week for Yorkshire, [in the north embankment in the East
fr years ago, returned last Marsh Drainage Scheme, has under-
vill reside -in town, Mr. |mined the embankment, which Is like-
ployed at the Brown & ly to cpllapset and allow the water
en mills, pe the omy io Sr
MiKenzie ac. | lands and damage the crops,
; i os LL which they would hold the municipal:
. azo. a bar or iron striking [ty responaible; [hey also gave notice
woulder In front. .A ser-|thaty Jolin A. Campbell is allowing
: developed and he was [Water from game flows into’the ditch
s bed for ten days, He [lands thropgh a large pipe, ‘and the
round again ‘but very | Water fro msame flows into the ditch
pros whicli has to be pumped out at the
expense of. the ratepayers. They re-
quest. that this unnecessary tax be
stopped at once. |
Moved By Mr. Whittle, seconded by
Mr. Lambier, that the clerk notify J.
A. Campbell to take the pipe complain-
ed of out at: once, otherwise action
will be taken against him to compel
it, and that Mr. Setterington complete
the repairs to the embankment that
reputation for themselves, are now under way —Carried.

2 v A. D. Brown, owner S pt. W 14 lot
of hpoze Wie shoard, ail 7. con. 4, notified thé council that the

waters brought down by. the ith con.
rond drain overflowed and damaged
his lands and crops, if action is~not
taken within a reasonable time from
date of notice he would hold the
munitipality responsible for all dam-
ages he might sustain by Téason of
thelr-neglect. ;

Moved by Mr. Lambler, sectnded by
Mr. Setterington, that the notice of
Mr. Brown be referred to A. Baird, C.
E., to make survey, report, etc, at as
early a date as possible and that Mr.
Whittle and"the mover accompany the
engineer —Carrled.

J. A. McDonald, representing. the
Whentley Telephome €o., was: present
and requested permjssion to cut down
some and trim other trees -on the
highway, that were obstructing Jthe
telephone lines, providing the adjoin-
ing owners are willing,
_ Moyed by Mr. Whittle, seconded by
Mr.’ Lambier, that permission asked
for be granted, provided the work is
done under the supervision of and the
satigfaction of Mr. Willan and Mr.
Setterington.—=Carried. - - A
. J. C, Ross, Ed. Winter, Jol.n Hart-
wick, M. Terryberry and several other
ratepayers In the West Pelee Marsh
drainage. system, addressed the coun
cil complaining of the inefficiency of
Commissioner Colin Noble and En-
gineer Henry Smith. They charged
that the pumping machinery was be.
ing ruined: and the land not properly
drained. and requested that immediate
gteps be taken to change the Commis
sioner and the Engineer, They sug:
gested that Gordon Robson be appoint-
ed engineer and John Hyrtwick com-
missione¥, The council decided to go
in a body and inspect the plant, and
after returning it was moVed by Mr.
Willan, seconded by Mr. Whittle, that
the request of the West Marsh Drain
ratepayers be granted. —Carried.

Kenyon. formerly. of this |
the home of her dangh- |
yrence Bruner, suffering

Mrs. Alex

 
 
  

ville left ‘last week for
\Vis., to see her brother,
who is quite {ll at his

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

TT EE A SER SER I YE IRE dl A Bd Te i re i enn a ok |

 

adden and BEd. Townsénd
: to dinner from second
Monday “last when sgme-
wrong with the ‘steering
the whole outfit went into
Neither of the men were
a car only slightly dam-

 

t of Kingsville bloods pald
1 visit Wednesday evening

 

 
   
  
 
    

A quan
lifter dlsporting themselves at the lake

they, apparently became
truck for the village. The
g closed before their mid-
iif, they proceeded to force
t Yates¢ White's and H. S.
but. were unsuccessful.
i sgiriick for the bakeshop and
mined an entrance through’ a back
as Mr, Tait was awaken:
Kicking of doors'they made
sirent before securing any-
five are known here and
tie matter Jas + been placed fin the
hands of the Qrown Attorney at Chat-
qm, who. will deal with the case."—
{ley Journal.
with regret that the - many
H. Carre, ‘of the Molsons
of this town, leagn that he
runsferred tp Owen Sound.
the morning train yester-
lik, and on behalf of those
ils stgy- in Simcoe Mr. Carre’ made
uy. friends (n° business and social
i has been a faithful worker
tinity Church. JAs an expression
i esteem in which he Is
ied, a few of the business men of the
uthered at’ his home on Tues:
1g- and on behalf of ‘thosq
Mayor ‘Sihler presented
a handsome pipe, expressing
ils departure from Slncoe,
and wishing him hdppinéss and pros-
Perit iis new home.’—Simcoe Re-

 

 

 

   
   
   
 

     
  
   
    
   
    
  
  
  

 

    

   

   
 
  
   
   
      
     
  

   

 

Mowing soldiers arrived back
(ront to their home In and
tis town the past week.
érgeant-Major Sam Siverns, and his
tmther. Pro. Harry Siverns; Pte. Jolin
Lewis, le, Fred, Gale, Pelee Island;
Pe. McCarthy. * Sergeant-Major SIve
vis in the 18th Battalion (Cal
Ele's “battalions He won the rank
of Sergehnt-Major on the fleld for dis-
Unguishert service, and also two med-

als ent him to a bar. He js UF
; Jaws. Nos. 43 and 44, making the
wmewhat reticent” about how he ob-| Bylaws Nos

8 rg given the
Une those marks of distinction but ppuojziments sshd for ho
¥¢ mungged to secure the facts in a required reading:

ned.
mundabout way concerning the first Council adjour
Bell A party of forty officers and RB seit rat

Len went out to accomplish a certain 4 RUTHVEN ;
—

_ All Fi the oltcarpyteli, Siverng fea
lo the men, - hey ha :
tilshed their job, Ay. iro of the| Percy Fox, of Unlon-on-the-Lake,
@lire panty returned.” Concerning [has completed the cement foun ation
Ue sedind ‘medal, we have not been for his new residence, and wor 3
5 are now busy building the upper part,

which will ‘he modern-—The summer

ie 10 get details, When the armis-

® Was slg Y .

ho oid. 15th In. vi ie season has opened up for sure as the
small boys are now taking their

 

   

    
 

 

  
   
   
  
    
 
 
   
  
   
  
 

 

   
  
    
   
   
  

    
   
     
     
   
   
 
    
   
    
    

   
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
    
     

   

 

 

      
 

 
  
  
  
   
   
   
    

    
    
     
   
   
  
 

LEAMINGTON.

Mrs. Rcbert McCoy, of
Loulsinna, announce the
marriage of thelr daughter, May
Bartle, to Newton S. Peart, of the
same city, on Saturday, Muay 24th.
The grinm {8 a Leamington boy. the
son of Mr, and Mrs. Joseph Peart
His many fiends here extend con-
gratulations,

Mr. and Mrs. T.W. Hall and
daughter, and R. Hwzg spent the
weelcend with Highgite friends. They
were ' accompanied -by Mr. Hall's
mother, who had spent fhe past six
months with her son. (ngtheir re.
turn they were accompanied by
Mr. and Mrs. James Logan, Who will
remain for a time before pioceeding
to thelr home in Saskatchewhl:

Ray G. MeSween, who has been
transferred from Fergus to the Lis
towel branch of the Imperial Bank,
spent the week-end at his home here.

Robert Henderson, of Versen, B.
C., spent a few days with his cousin,
Mrs. A. G. Moffatt. Mr, Henderson is
returning from overseas, having en-
listed In Vancouver with the 5th Bat-

. Mr, and
Alexnndrin,

talfon’ of Canadian Engineers. He
was in the. fighting line over two
years.

Whether Ellas Duman], of Leaming-
fon, broke the Ontario ‘Temperance
Act when he purchased alx five-gal-
lon jugs and five cases of wine from
Jules Robinet, "pf-Sandwiih, in the
nome of hig father-inlaw, George
Hillet, wagsn point Magistrate Miers
was called fpon to decide in Windsor
police court. Dumani admitted hav-
ing purchased the liquor in Hallet's
name, but claimed he was within the
law fn doing so. Judgment was. re-
served,

Wednesday night of last week Mrs.
Hugh Lindsay, aged 71, passed away
at her home on Orange street from
hearL=trouble. Her husband _prede-
ceased. lier seven years ago One
daughter, Mrs... James Graham, Vie-
toria avenue, survives, also three
sons, James Graham, Ivan street;
Alexander Graham, who resiaed with
hig mother, and Jolin Graham, of the
5th concession of Mersea, The fun-
eral service was conducted at the
house Friday afternoon, interment
following at Lakeview cemetery.

While running across ‘Erle street,
just north of the electric = railway
gtation, on Friday during the noon
hour a boy, the son of Frank Stew-
art, was knocked down by an auto-
mobile. He ascaped with a skinned
nose and -brulsed knee. : The auto-
mobile was turning on the street and
came to a standstill when. the boy
ran Into it. The ‘trafic rules, how-
ever, call for all turns to be made
at intersections and not across the
street midway between blacks,

Last wéek Louis Smith purchased
a lot fronting on Marlborough street,
from C. A. Coultis for $600, on which
he will at once commence tle erec-
tion of a dwelling house.—Mrs. H.
Chamberlain has sold a house and lot
on the corner of Nelson street and
Victoria avenue to Thomns Wilkinson,
of Mount Brydges, who {s now occupy-
ing the premises,—M. C, Dingman, of
Mount Brydges, last week purchased
a house and lot on Westmoteland
avenue from G. A. Brown, and is now

residing in it.

 

~~

 

WINDSOR.

Miss Margaret. Halford, of the Thil-
drenls Ald “Soclety, was slightly in-
jured Friday afternoon in an automo-
bile accident near Staples, while she
was out .in the county. doing some
special work for the Provincial office.
Her Injuries however, consist of a faw
bruises and it Is expected that she
will be able to return to her. duties
here on Monday:

Following short funeral services. in
Sutton’ “undertaking parlors Satur-
day, the body of Mike Garadadia was
aid away (in the Windsor Grove ceme-
tery. Friday afternoon relatives~{rom
Detroit identified and claimed the
body, which’wis found” floating near
the €. P. Rs docks Fridaw morning.
Garadadia committed sulcide May
12th by leaping overboard from the
ferry steamer Garland. Ks

Funeral services were held Monday
morning for the late Mrs. Sarah Jan-
jase Reaume, aged 59, who dled Wed-
nedday at her home on Grand Maria
road, ‘Sandwich West, in the church
of Asgumpticn, Sandwich, interment
following in the Assumptiontcemetery.
Deceased who was the daughter of the
late Patrick Janisse, is survived by
her husband, one sorrownig: brother
and two sisters.

as bt———— RTT

WHEATLEY.

 

 

Alphonse Laroque, of Wheatley, paid
a fine of $20<and gosts of ‘$15.50 in
county police court, Chathap’; om a
charge of having; liquor in a place
othér than his dwelling. Wilbert

rick and William Laroque each paid
$20 and costs of $15.50 on charges of
being Intoxicated. Charges of bur-
glarizing the restaurint of George

each pald costs of $7.60 in the case. ,

A small boy, a firecracker and an
empty gasoline drum formed a com-
bination which very nearly terminated
fatady on Saturday of last week: Ger-
ald Long and Angus Gillan went to
the Inke for the afternoon dnd todk
with them a bundle of firecrackers
for Victoria Day celebration. Seeing

gasoline drum on the dock, they be-

  

er would sound when exploded in the
can. The firecracker was placed in
an opening in the drum, but the light
ed match did not reach the fuse be-
fore the drum took a leap about sixty
feet inw the air. Both boys were
knocked over and 8 had one
hand cut by flying pleces. Gerald
was knocked uncengcious, and’ at’ the
same time’ his clothes caught fire, and
had it not been that Wil Handy" and

    
  
   

    
   
 

     
     

 

   
   

 

  
   

     
  
    
       
   
   
  

Wigle,” Willlam Fox; Blaine Fitzpat-|

      
 

   
 
    
    
   
   
     
     
  
  
   
   
     
   
   

Tate, of Wheatley, were dismissed but |

what théy supposed ta be an empty,

came curious to know how a firecrack-,

   
  
   
   
  
    
  
  
     
   
   
   
     
   
    
  
  

lon Epplett, who Wéra n short distance |

 

THE: AMHERSTBURG ECHO.

LEARN TO DRIVE WITH A

A USED CAR

It takes time and patience to learn
to drive an automobile. The many in-
tricate parts of a car are not ensily un-
derstood. It takes months of constant
driving before you cam master the de-
tails of driving any automobile suf-
clently to justify you In taking a
chance with dn expensive new car.

 

 

 

   

Buy a used car first and learn to
master thoroughly the flne points of
driving a car before you spend your
hard-earned cash for a new one. Good
used cars are advertised at bargain
prices every day In the classified col-
umns of The London Free Press. For
a few hundred dollars—often as low as
$150—you can buy a car In excellent
mechanical condition. The appearance,
of course, may. not be just what you
would like, but neither would the ap.
pearance of ‘a new car after a few
encounters with telegraph poles and
other gimavarle objects, Listen to
your Judgment rather‘than your pride
and buy a used car first. Read the
Want Ads in The London Free Press |
and in" your local paper, too, to-day
for bargains in used automobiles, “If
the particular car you want isn't ad-
vertised to-day, read these ads again
to-morrow and the next day. Eventu-
ally the car you want will be adver-

 

tised. Everybody should read Want
Ads. They save time, money and
worry.

COLCHESTER NORTH.

 

 

Gesto.

Pte. Elmer Hall, son of Jesse Hall,
returned to his home here on Monday,
from overseas, Pte, Hall enlisted in
Windsor early last spring, soing to
London on April 16th, 1918, and over-
seas on July 31st, He was i: France
about three months before the close
of the war, being with the Second Con-
struction. Battalion, and return
home without a wound.—A pleasant
feature of the entertainment in the
church on Monday evening of last
week was the presentation of a Moth-
er's Medal to Mrs. Chas. Reld, who
lost her son, Charles Reld, in the re-
cent war. The presentation was made
by the pastor, Re G. A. Barnard. The
medal {5 donated by the Associated
Kin Soclety tg" mothers, {n sacrifice,
who lost sond in the war. Over six
thousand medals were presented to
such. mothers in the Dominion on
Mothers’ day—Pte. D. A, Rupert ar-
rived at his parental home here from
overseas on Wednesday morning, look-
ing and feeling fine, Pte. Rupert en-
listed In the Essex platoon of the 99th
Battalion in the spring of 1916, and

 
  
  

after a month In England wag trans-
ferred to the 19th Battalion, remain-
ing: with sald battalion till March,

 

 

plement on
day.

f

fosfoooefosfofenfocfefonfecfofenfocfefonfosfespionfoofoentinfofonfortoenfecfefonfonfofenfeofelenfeofofenteofefenfosfofenfesfofente seen offered

Shovel Plows.

 

 

 

\

               
      
         
           
    
     
   
        
        
 
     
     
  

  
   
   
  
   
  
  
   
   
  
   
 
  
 

g | survives him.

~~ Anyone‘ who handles the
Cockshutt: Farm Implements
is surely the Farmers’ Friend
for they are the “most dura-
ble and cheapest Farm Im-
the market fo--

FARMERS --- Increase your ‘corn
acreage by using a Cockshutt Black
Hawk Corn Planter. They conserve

~ the moisture and keep the corn
growing by frequent applications of i
our Double Cultivator Scuffler and 4 Es

"y | THIS DISC IS OUR LEADER

 

 

 

GOSFIELD SOUTH.

The dally papers on Saturday con-
tained the following despatch from
Galt: Tho death occurred this (Fri
day) morning at the hospital after a
month's illness of Dr. Elin Thomas
Bede, of 282 East Maln- stréet.” ° De-
coensed was born In Essex county 61
years ago. He received his education
at the Kingsville school and Wood-
stock College, and graduated from To-
ronto Unlversity In medicine, He
continued his studies at BEdinburgh
und London, and from 1884 to 1586 was
with the British Navy, He then re-
turned to Canada, and had practiced
In various centres, coming to Galt last
August to retire. Deceased had taken
a very active part in war work, espec-
ially in interests of the navy. A
widow and four brothers survive, The
funeral takes place here Sunday." The
late Dr: Eede was ft son of the late
George Eede and his wife, Elizabeth
Arner, The family here: Fannie
(Mrs. Richard McLean), deceased;
Jacob Bede, of Sandwich; Mary Ann
(Mrs. Jonas Wigle), deceased; Rich-
ard Eede, of Arner; Charles, Ballston
Spa, N, Y.; John, deceased; George,
Gosfield South; Henry, deceased; Dr,
Edmond; Elizabeth, deceased: Thos..
subject of this sketch; Willlam, de-
ceased.. Dr. Eede practiced for some
years In Leamington: with furthér
reference to aboy Dr. Eede was a
member of the College of Physicians
and Surgeons, Ontario, and a licen-
tate of the Royal College of Surgeons
and of the Royal College of Physicians,
Edinburgh, Scotland. At an early age
he displayed something more than
ordinary ability and his whole course
of study was most thorough. In Lon-
don, England, he passed his final ex-
amination and was awarded the posl-
tion of surgeon in the Navy in 1884, |
He was presented at Court in St,
James palace, London, to His Royal
Highness by the Medical Director
General of the British Navy, In 1886
he left the Navy and returned to Can-
ada and brought with him his Eng-
lish bride, sister of George Cousens,
of the firm of Burgess & Cousens, Bar-
risters, Finsburg Circus, London, who
He practiced in Leam-
ington for a number of’ years, but
owing to his health had to leave.the
lake district and go north.

Following Is report for the month
of May of S. 8. No. 1, Colchester
South and Gosfield South. The names
are in order of merit and the percent-
ages, except in the Jr: Primer Class,
are attached: Jr, IV—Gerald Toffle-
mire 739%, John Ulch 62%, Fern
Mortimore 62%. Sr. III—Ralph" Iler
81%, Anna Chalk 71%. dr. ITI—Ever-
ett Laramie 75%, Ena Klle 55%, Alvin
Uleh ~33 %. Sr. II—Grace Laramie
Pearl. Uleh 71%, Hazel Klle
Sr. I=Orville
Tofflemire 74%, Dorothy Ulch 73%,
Grace Klie 71%, Loraine Chalk 668%,
Milo Brimner 51%. Primer Sr.—Ruby
Ulch 685, Dean Iler 65%, Donald Ulch
57%. Primer Jr.—Harry Livingstone,
Ralph” Livingstone; Everett Bondy.

  

 

      
     
       
       

bobbie

 
 

 

 

75%,
659%, Violet Ulch 64%."

a EE ae a SR 2 A SORTER RA

 

sleobelsnfoefeleefedunfesfefonfeofefontoesfoenfestesenfeofeerieobeentesfodiod rieobodenfeotediaodalifedafiofefuniood denfeeefesfesefusforfedeofsfentoofocerfoofoonfoofeeerfeofofenfosfofonforfefond

 

 

 
   

& The Cockshutt Low-down Spreader Leads the
boy Country Without Exception.

 

BC a a

‘you to arrange convenient monthly payments.

ole
Feet rtrfoellededodedofedofododrdontodetenterfefefefedodedofodofonfote

 

   

 

 

  

 

   

FURNITURE

For the June Bride's Home:

 

 

 

 

 

 

;+The June bride finds Teahan Furniture Co. in
splendid readiness to supply her every home-furnish-
ing requirement, Our stocks are replete in furniture
which combines serviceability, true designs, carefully
selected woods and fine workmanship. ' A Teahan-—
furnished home is the shor, sure and economical
road to comfort and contentment. 3

     
 

  

We've assembled especially’ attractive displays

     
     

 

for the June bride's inspection. See our :
| Fr
Three Room Suites, Living Room Sets, 1
o !
Bed Room Sets, I
; ES 5
.u . 4 5 oe {
Dining Room Sets, Kitchen' Outfits, + i
5 i
te

Lounges, Rugs, Chairs, Tables, Beds, - &c.

Our dignified credit plan makes it possible for

It
enables you to assemble a home at once, without pay-
ing out a*large sum.

Teahan Furniture Co.

13-15 Sandwich Street, Windsor.

 

 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

RE ak a EE Ra ka a EE EE en

t

Every Farmer Should Have a

Truck Seale-2,000 Ib. Capac’y

Government (ested. Guaranteed to give satisfaction

LET PY
Only at our Agency can you buy the

ADAMS WAGON

for Heavy and Light Work
on and the ;
DeLaval and Standard Cream Separators

which are leaders in their line-
g i

5; “Tg fe wo
: = pp Sa 3 + Sr >
x I am handling the

 

 

 

   
  
   
   
    
  
   

 

7, the oid 18th in the fring: line.

© othe »

with Btn ely plunges in the lake. Plenic and auto-
mobile parties, with their camping

Be hospitals, Pte. John LeWis, who
outfits, have made their _appearance

> 16 ascue and.
4 Isted n.the 99th, worked ‘for Gdr- up the beach, ran ts the re
and water melon © patches are being

beat out the fire With their caps, the
result would ‘hays been more -serious. |
As it was Gerald was quite badly|

   
        
     
  
 
   
   

 
   
 
  
   
   
 
   
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
 
    

      
    
     
  
  
 
    
   

   
   
     
  
   
    
   
     
      
     
   

    
    
  
    
   
      
  
     
   
 
  
   
    

- E. Fox on the Inke road west, and
15 serving in the 2nd Div. Machind

+ Happy Farmers’ Tractor

  
     

Gun section when the armistice was|spotted for later on.—Jason Balott ) I
| > t tho |burned. An aufo was at hand and he, x
Umed. Pro. Fred, Gale was also in|met with a serious aceldens At Tl yoy ymmediateiy brought to the vil- which has the largest sale throughout Ontario

Union Sanitorium on

le at the'|l
a livering milk 400 va: footing He Is making satistactory progres

 
  
   
  
   
    

nge and recélved medical attention,

3 machine gun section, Pte. Refasell

Dar son of Mr, and Mrs, George
g ase,

It has proven its worth.

   

 

 
      
   
  
 
  
   
   
  
    
 

 
 
 
 
  
   
   
   

  
  
  
 

wad |

    

SL

F. for ovbrseas service,

  
 
  
   
    
   
  

on mins month, rearne home pero |and oll eof The” tottom wih 170 towards recovery. [= = | i equipment of Plow, Double Djsc, Ele.
st Wm , milk cans f(a 3 . He . . 5 ; : . 2
Kthapes LE LL Ee) as padly bruised, and: it will'be somo: GN MBE ; : 3 a : i at a
week “loc : CANADIAN W. S. ARMY. + oo » Aoi a
& ming and happy ah when ho went |asain—Harold R. Wigle, wie [ob Rafi 4 RASA Everything Else from Motor Washers to Haying Tools.
ay. : * |born and raised Ae Yaad : h ) : a hai Neo ; § en pags :
Oue miliim Casadinde bought Fro d Binders and Mowers

wit * rg 27)

the A. B. {| ——

 

 

  

    
 

— is ! 3
RR, Leitch, -an Bdmonton nows-| here on Wednesday shaking hands} & canadian ‘war bonds, They Ei LETS. CTE: i '€
¥ Wh t x many friends. ved somahing to do so. A . ! 4 ) ra : 1 ; aS
J 00 men. died of unfinenza, his wite ($1 0 TUT and” went thro rr waa fk: ral LLL Scknautedgod ight of draft CALL ‘AND
= did nw do so. Ther fn. : ‘and easy * oh

days later with tho same save to operate. ‘SEE ME--

    
  

 
    
    

    

    

tease, : i 3 also an arny of Canadian chil- : . —
Ee Se TEESE =————n—
Votes scholar from he University A : Te me | ? a a
k Trad, Brunswick. _ Sy Se A : "whe A
B ... 1° opportuni ro e

25 Dominjofis are
12% and the Canadian
