Li LTT Ts v

A ParamountArferabt S

me A, Brady ;
SA MALCOTI

i 1.15 & 9.15

TTLE es
Children

 

21c
16c

A moving picture
oY 3, fOr. eve
anc woman and chil

loves and phs

“I hope that the splendid spirit of
Comradeship on the battlefield will be
kept alive in Peace”’---King George.

tC Prd
Story
hath

10 lite

WO

OF

Hila

GIF

IN A WONDERFUL ASSORTMENT OF BEAUTIFUL
: DESIGNS AND AT INEXPENSIVE PRICES =2 9%
J The many and pretty effects’ that have been received
in expensive jewelry afford selection that to many will

wonderfully simplify the problem of making gift pur-
chases.

That Such Lovely Pieces can be so

Moderately Priced Will Prove a most
Welcome Surprise to Gift Shoppers. t
Tie pins set with colored stones, in circles, knots,
ovals and open filigree effects. Colors: Red,
blue; purple and green. Price. .....$1.50 to $6.50
Womens’ brooches afford a*splendid selection of
artistic new designs, set. with rubles sapphire,’

emerald, pearls. Price....... 5...
Women’s Necklets, in a wide range of beautiful ef-

fects, reproducing designs of the most expensive’

Jewelry.

Set with brilliants, imitation pearls, and
stones. Price........... 8170, $2.00, $2.50,

colored
$3.00.

A very fine selection of French Ivory Toilet Sets,
HPI vag os a + ns HHA sd $000 10 $75.00"

Jewe

- 36 Ouellette Ave.
ONT. Ny ; 5 3

, The Jeweler,

i... 88 to $15 “| Hubert W-

| discount
o| York to

1.15

Two Shows g::

Adults 2Tc

. Prices Children 16c

Christmas Afternoon Matinees
215 & 3.30

 

 

Friends of Mra. Monteith (formerly
Mrs. George Rumble, of this town,)
wil be sorry to learn that she 18
threatened with (he-logs of her sight.

Mrs. Wilard Taylor ‘and two chil
dren. of Japlin, Mo,, arrived here the
latter part of last week to spend the
holidays at the parental home with
Mr. and Mrs, W. E. DeLong

Mr. Maxwell, of the luke road east,
who recently purchased the J. Doar
house on Pearl street west, has to-
gether with his wife and daughter.
arrived in town and will shortly: b®’
settled in their new home ot

Edward Davey, Kingsville boy ban-
dit, was sentenced to two’ years in
Kingston penitentiary by Magistrate
Miers, In Windsor Police court. on
Thursday. On looking up Davey's
record it was found that h¢ had for-

| merly been convicted on charges of
| highway robery, and two other charg-

es of housebreaking. For his former
offences he served {ime in the De-
troit House of Corigction. Davey's
only , excuse for his purglarious con-
duct of six days after his release last
October was that he had secured a
job and wanted to Eo straight and
took this means of gbtaining some
clothes to wear to Werk,

At the regular meeting of St.
George's Lodge, A. F. & A.M, on
Thursday evenifig last, the following
officers were elefed: 1.P.M., W. Bro.
Chas. A. Palmer; WM, Bro. Roy H
Scratch; S.W., fro, Gordon P. Fox;
J.W., Bro. K. B. Oz|ey; Clap, W. Bro.
IL Malott; Treas. RW. Wor. Bro. R.
Healey; Sec, W. Bro. G. S. Goodeve;
Asst, Sec., Bro. w. G. Long; S.D, Bro.
G. W, Hall; Jp Bro. Sam. Currie;
SS, Bro. W. G. Leng: J. 'S,, Bro. K
M. Rae; LG. Bro. Gyorge B. Jackson;
Tyler, Bro, James WW: Skeratt; D. of
0. Bro. A. Conkliz; Organist, Bro.
Wigla; Trustees, Bros.
¢, J. Green and C. R.

Judson Scratch
Brown

Jackson; Auditors, Bros Ec A.
anil -V. N.. Prost
r = (TE SRR eae] *
WON'T ACCEPT CANADIAN MONEY
So tens has tie financial situation
pecome' that Ditroit clearing-houso
banks. just belre closing timo Fr
day, decided thaino fixed rato of ex-
change on Canffian currency ‘be an:
nounced for Satirday. The rate of
Friday fiictuated wildly, not-
withstanding 8 Gapatch from New
the effea! that Canada had
$10,000,000 gold for import.
high as 16 per cent, dis
demandd on, Canadian
ugh the ruling. rate was
Thedres which here-
ug anadian
.dfscount,: de-

engaged
At timo 8s

BENEFACTOR.

Province of Ontario
Department of Hospitals and Public Charilies -

NOTES OF INSPECTION OF HOUSE OF REFUGE
At Leamington, October 30th, 1949. ’

Name of Local Inspector and Superintendent—Edgerton Scratchy Leaming:
ton; Dan Kennedy, Superintendent. ’
Number of acres, 65; value of land, $8,000;

tion, 66.
Financial receipts for past year—(1) from County ‘Treasurer,

from sale of products, $5,974.50; (3) from all other sources,
Expenditure for maintenance. for past year—$11,245.97.
How- supported, by whole county or by townships—Whole County,
Number in residence—Males, 36; ferhales, 9—total 46.
Number on free-list, 40; number on pay list, 5; total number of beds, 72.
Average number of inmates during year—b2, « boa aE
How frequent are visits of Committee?—Monthly. a
How ls Institution officerbd 7—Superintendent and Matron,
Number of employees—2. : a
Name of Physician—Dr. King, Leamington. vB i
Js there a trained, nurse?—No. gy OF lad eed

The Buildings.

How constructed—Solid brick and stone; frame barn, cement foundation.)
Valuo—$50,000.00. A b
How furnished 2—Suitably.

Condition and adequacy of the halls,
The wards are bright and clean. Bedding clean. Beds comfortable.

Condition and adequacy of quarters occupled by staff and employees—Satis-
factory. fr

number of acres under cultiva-

$10,096.66; (2)
$3,164.01.

y of dining. room and its equipment—Satisfactory.

y of kitchen and its equipment—Satisfaetory.
uipment—Satisfactory.
lighting, ventilation, water

disposal—Stéam heating;
water; septic tank. Sewage—Satisfactory,
Fire Protection.
Number of stories in bullding.and facilities for escipe—2 stories; good.

Number and location of fire escapes—Three, one In centre, ‘one. at exchrend,

Nnmber and location of fire escapes—Threg, ope in centre, one at each end.
Io ther a standpipe with hose in good condition attichéd
each floor. 1
What otler provision for fire protection ?—None.

0) ganization and practice of fire drills—No.
1k there a night watch regularly employed ?—No.

. | Presence of rubbish In attic or cellar?--Noné,

Are Inmates allowed matches ?—No. ;
. 7 Dietary. i

Is the dietary suitable, and {8 it prepared:

8.
How arte supplies furnished ?—Opéen purchase.
Care of the Inmates.
Is there a proper geparation of sexes?—Yes.
Are any of the inmates insane ?—No.

Number of present Inmates who have been transferred from a hospital for
iv I

0.

insan ’
children among the inmates?—No. |

Are thero any
Aire any In restraint or seclusion ?—No.

THe SY

: ‘Are the inmates comfortably clothed ?—Yes.

inmates employed 7—About house and farm,

How are the
tes—Comfortable and contented.

Appearanco
at provision,
phone ‘and services. a
Condition of bedding and olothing—Satisfactory. ' ~~ =
Are the inmates bathed regularly?—On admission and regularly thereafter.
Are the beds kept clean and free from vermin?—Yes, x wr
Haye any of the Inmates tubercular disease ?—No, “ork 3
; Sy «Salaries of Officl Ie ;
Superintendent—$1,200 (Supt, and Matron);
por week. FY Ne > > :
Other anlaries—: tant Matron, $0.00 per week; Inspector—3$200.
¥ k 2 The Redo!

rds. wd
‘Describe the manier in which the record are kept, and by whom?—Well k
and up to date by Superintendent Se Sy Sam

oe

saa

rooms and dormitories, Describe: fully—-| Road be printed, and z

electric lighting; town

and served In a proper manner ?—

{a made for recreation of inmates—Games, grama-

7

; CHILDREN 16- |

William Hivon, mileage and indemnity Merrick Creek bridge
Sandwich South and Sandwich West townline.,....s

Raymond Rdcheléau, mileage and indemnity, Merrick Creek bridge,
Anderdon and Sandwich West Townline... ........ Ie

28 00
d 40 00
C. C. Chauvin, milesgg* and indemnity, Merrick Creek bridge, An-
derdon and Sandwich. West: Townlin®.. iu. seems... oon 00
Creek “bridges ye iver i iapmrn cr rraaannsnn br ne Se mipri 107 00
W. P..Coyle, advertising tenders, contract, etc., for Merrick*Creek as
bridges ..:..as a 4 00
35% "payable by Colchester North “Township. 16 00 ’
Robert A. Halford, mileage &nd indemnity, county grade at New
Canaang 856% phyahle by ‘Colchester North Township
by Colchester North’ Township. . Lf 116.20
Naylof;, Osborne Co. plank, posts, etc. for. above grade.......{. 5726
Robert Atkin, attending meeting at Chatham re amendments to “
i 5 00
Bd. Tellier, attending meeting at Chatham re amendments to
Drainage Act Bi a ilar a ive laters wk x tn a ety etd we niet Ho
The CountysSolicitor's letter, re bridges on township lines, be printed.
The report of the special committee on Merrick Creek bridges be printed.
and the bills recommended be pald. t g a
The report of the specinl committee re grade at New, Canaan be printed.

. 500
J. J. Newnuin, preparing plans, apecifications, etc. for Merrick 8.
Robert Hart, mileage and indemnity, county grade at New Canaan, =

k 10 00
Canada Ingot Iron Co., metal culvert for above grade, 36% payable
¥ Drainage Act ....sesecsviisieeiens gi + vine ok
3 60
The following reports be printed: —
The report of the special committes to, repair the' bridgd on the Tecumseh

The report of (he committee attending meeting at Chatham be printed.
All of which Is respectfully submitted. '
~ . (Signed) ED. TELLIER,

, ) Charman.
Stndwich, December 5th, 1919. Eo
SS ET <

Arbitrator’s. Award re. School Secllon at Arner.

and in the matter of an apeal
from. the action of the Councils

Jw
In the matter of the Public Schools’ Act,
to the County Council of the County of Essex.

thereto?—Two on |of the Townships of Colchester South and Gosfield ‘South on refusing to

appoint Arbitrators to carry out the request of the petitioners for the forma-
tion of a Uniofi School Section at or near the Village of Arner, to be composed.
of portions of the Townships of Colchester South and Gosfield South. gis
Whereas the County Council of the County of Essex did, pursuant to
Section 22, Sub-Section 2, of the sald Act, by by-law dated the 21st day of
June, 1919, appoint the undersigned as Arbitrators 10 hear and determine the:

matter of the sald appeal. 3 or :
anid by-law the sald Arbitrators did meet at

22nd day of Soptembér, 1919, and on the 6th

henrd what was alleged by the parties inter- *

petitioned for 28 not
gitation through the: =
think ft would bo wise:

And whereas pursuant to
the Town of Kingsville on the
day of October, 1919, and having
ested in the snfd appeal.

a a follows: That said new School Section

f on new School
absolutely necessary, and in this case does not appear to be of any great.
grievance. ; . ‘ ¥ X x

! And the undersigned do award and order that the costs of and in:
to the said zppeal be paid by the County Council of the County of
as follows: — : ( RES a2
10 bo pall to JAMES GRY... covrersarearraeaias
ro be paid to Isnac Jackson. ........

To be pallito Alfred Hairsine.........
| To be paid to G. W. CORBWOILH «syn dl eles anv anan eos brie a

Dated at Bisex this 6th day of October, 1919 :

 

section where it ts mot
