  
  

  
 

ESTHER'S
CAREER,
Cry

  
 

By PAUL FAY

 

Ghimnit

(Copignt, is, by the ‘McClure Newnpas
+ per Syndicate.)
a

    

“Mss Moore, you have a wonderful
voice. You can ensily win a career
with {t.” J. Edward Rulifson, ins
strucor In vocal music, in a wide
awaly western town, spoke with a
warmh he rarely showed.

Estlon, Moore listened with a flush
on her cheek and a brilliant gleam in

The Eind You Havo Hgoys Bong ty and which fos “been
in use for over over 30 Yasio, has Lecus tha cignature of

and has been mado under his per.
‘aL Hr you in this,

sonal supervision since

Allow no one to deceive
All Counterfeits, Imftotlons and “ Just-as-good ? are bus
Experiments that trifle’ with end endanger the health of

its fotances

ol Liam and Children—Ex AS “Ee her eys, And as she listened, she
4] he OF periment. smiled hn anticipation of the honors
14 hat is OR] IA she woull win.

That evening Esther and Roland

Castoria i5 a harmless CAS for TC Lewis went to the theater together

Oil, Paregori
Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is pleasant. 2 gies

It contains

For ens:
y neither Opium, Morphine nor other narcotic substance. Its IW pb
In
a age is its a For more than thirty years it has tween this and previous evenings.
ke been in constant use for the relief of Constipation, Flatulency, Esther was rather restrained in her
2 Wind Colic and Diarrhoéa ; allaying Feverishness arising conversation. Roland was plainly

therefrom, and by: regulating the Stomach and Bowels, aids puzzled. He strove to-dispel the cold-

= ihe assimilation of Food; giving healthy and natural glee ness. But he was not successful.

Is Ds

n The Children’s Panacea—The Mother’s Friend. A light suppe: was, no more suc.
ek cessful, When tiey reached her home
bo they sat down in the living room. For

a while the conversation mgged. At
Inst, Roland could stand It no longer.
“He spoke up impatiently.

GENUINE CASTORIA ALWAYS

9Bears the Bignatute, 0

     
    

pp “Esther, what on earth is the mat-
0 4 § ter tonight? You act as if you had
lhe swnllowed an iceberg.”
an She hesitated a moment, then stam-
4 mered “oup: “I think we had—well,
of had better break our engagement.”
= Roland did. not move a muscle.
However, his face became as white
A In se For Over 30 Years as marble; his jaws enapped firmly
nly shut; his lips were a thin, colorless
nid The Kind You Have Always Bought line.
roe THE CENTAUR COMPANY, NEW YORK CITY. . “Have you such a thing as a reason
— TALE EET : or did you forget to provide one for
the occasion?’ He spoke slowly,
coldly.

 

Seeing the result of her announce-
ment on Roland, the girl was a little
consclence stricken.

“Really, Roland, I did not think
you would tnkéut that way. But Mr.
Rulifson said I could win a career
with my voice. And would you have
me give it up and get married?”

“Not at all. Of course, a career is

{ 0 great deal better than mere love. I
wish you success in it. Good-bye!”

He got up and went out. Esther
expected, yes, she, hoped, he would
kiss her good-bye, but he did not

Pain ? Hirst's will id it!

Tsed for 40 years torelieve rheumatism, lombage, neuralgia, sprains, lame

back, toothache, earache, swollen joints, sore throat and other paio~
ful complaints. Have a bottle in the houge. All dealers os write es,

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
 
   
    
        

10 — o—. do Bo.
— oo 3 : N 3 o| As time passed, Esther grew more
DE a Adele Al td | and _more-proficient in her work. Her
ty Ee os | teacher becama very enthusiastic
s + ALL TH se | gout her. He introduced her’ into
oo i Ea; goclety, and she gave many private
= ———— * he was dn continual de
EX + recitals. SI
ASO = s th
ih %. Builders can ) depend a on us in "good fimesand, bad times ¥ and EE  . re Fo
— f+ to have on hand all their requirements, such as | sicians of note Mstened o her and
| i3 of | praised her volce,
onty od Thus, It was no grent wonder that
i CEMENT, + the girl's hend became slightly turne®
Bi Lb HARDWALL PLASTER,  ¥| ii foro everstning except that
oe > she. had a wonderful and successful
: carcer before her.
nN BRICK, LIME, FIRE BRIC K, &c x One day Esther's happiness reached
the oJe | Its climax.’ She was Invited to lunch-
Eo The never hear : “JUST OUT" at the ‘ "of | eon at the home of the most popular
ime. JY i i > Si ouse of*{ social leader of the ‘town. Mrs. De
ime. eliable Builders’ Supply us
ce 4 2 ol 1 ** | Lamater. was not only popular but
erst y 8 wenlthy. A man of forelgn appearance
to 173: oe | was also at the luncheon. The hostess: |.
dsors Q FH of | introduced him to Esther as one of
m, i Ch  ; the country's greatest vocal teachers.
% > Boggs FL sang for im. When: ob
e girl sang for him. she
13 3 was through, he sald mothing, but
18 : . Whole warehouse is full of this Choice Potito. ¥ nodded his head to Mrs. De Lamater,
fra Place your orders, ! + The conversation, of course, wns
15 of] chiefly about music, { The musiclan
15 g of | seemed pleased at HSther's knowl-
16 edge. .
16 + Finally, the hostess called Esther
16 > to ber side.
15 od . ogo J: “Miss Moore,” she said, 54 Hous
Vind- 8 ¢ : ou like to 6tudy a few years in New
avesd Builders’ Supplies, Grain, Seeds, Feed 6. Ii York with Professor Rinardo?”
vied. Sl Phone 75 Ambherstburg I “Why, - Mrs. De Lamatek,. I—of
ough W ; F + | conrse, I—* The girl stopped in cop-
stern 4 EE EEE fusion. She ‘didi not know what to

say. The question astounded her.

; The woman smiled and continued:
= . m | “Of course, it is not compulsory, but
"I would like to have you go. FPro-
fessor Rinardo considers. your voice
exceptionally fine and worthy of
training. 1 will send you to his school
until he says you're perfect. wil
you go?”

“I would love to.” Esther sank on
her knees beside .her benefactress.
“How can I ever thank you?”

“By winning honors in a successful
career. Be ready .to start Saturday
night. I will See about your ward-
robe.”

Esther left with her bead in a whirk
She could hardly see to walk straight.

Thursday Esther went to the home

 

 

II

W. T, WILKINSON

- I

Insurance: & Real Estate

rr —

 

Money to Loan on Mortgage

 

CIA ttage for Sale. | of ‘her chum, Evelyn Havens, to spend
See : L-BFick £9 her remaining time. Evelyn's father,
Phono 92. AMHERSTBURG belng a clergyman, was at home a

great deal and helped to entertain his-
dnughter's guest.
Friday evening the girls were up-

stairs talking. Z
“Don't you rather hate to leave

| home and aM the people you know?’

Evelyn asked.

wwWe—ell, sometimes I do,” the oth-
er admitted. “But you know, to acs
complish anything you must eacrifice

       
 
   

LE

Amherstburg, Ont.
STORE "YOUR CARS HERE

Gasoline, Oils and, Every

Accessary Required |
for the Autos Automobile. .

Bemis. Quickly Made.

HARRY (EWP

CHAS. LEGGETT.

tos GRADUATE OPTIOIAR. Youll
n yours experience, Hundreds of =
d patients wh Wy g_toatimonialy
: ive Option Parlors, Ms ys, Kingevi) lol

Issuer of Marriage Licenses.

AVOID COUGHS
and  COUCHER/ 1

 

  
 
 

  
     
 

career; 1 just forget everything else.”
. “Ryelyn!” Her father cilled up
from the hall. “Will you and Esther
come down a minute, please?” :
They tan down to his. study. He met
them at the door. : a
“There is a couple here who wish

 
 
    
  
 
 
   
  
  

  
 

  
 

‘| ¥ want: you two for witnesses.”
They ‘entered the room. Suddenly
thar Stopped, Sor In front of her |

      
   
  

 

Phone a 0. Box 257
ELECTRICITY

something, and when I think of my]

to be married at once,” he eaid, “and |

     
   
 
 

4

    

| eb etoeedleleoleed ele bool be,

“Open your mouth and shut your’ eyes,

I'll give you something to make you wise, UT
Healthy, happy and big and strong —

Choose MOTHERS BREAD and" you can’t go wrong.”

Bur toe DB aoes of Bara Din

 

There’s Scientific Certainty to

NEAL'S
Mothers Bread

Everything that enters into this best of loaves is tested by our chemists before being used.

vofasfesfeste

..
0

OLE EEE RRA

Ww

aa AREY

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   

oe vine . . . . .
x Every process of mixing, kneading, proving and baking is automatically done and scientifically
x timed so that it cannot vary by a fraction. : el
¥ THA'S why; Neal's MOTHERS Bread is so uniformly good. Try just one loaf and see.
& Phone your grocer, or have one of our careful bread salesmen call daily.
i “We Invite the Table Test”
it EAT EAT
+
x :
» Beds Ra a ae] Fa RT
2
¥ INEAL’S TNEAI’S i

oo
+

oe

Money Back
Bread

PURITY and QUALITY
Colello

The Loaf That's Wrapped in the Scientific Protective
Covering Safe from Dust, Dirt and Germs.

MothersBread

 

EMRE NE
fof eeore

ofesfesiesiofeciestest

PURITY and QUALITY"

foefonfostorlusfectoolpefosfertecfsafecteefortectonferfosfenfertoods
The Golden-Crusted Snowy-Crumb (oaf That Made
the name of “NEAL” Famous,

NEAL BAKING COMPANY, Limited |

SALTER AVE. WINDSOR. WAGON CALL 59 |
Bread Factories at Windsor, London, Sarnia, St. Thomas.
“A Good Company to work For.”

BBO J a da a ot

RE Rk

wie Sobibor oh 0 a 3 a SO 3 a

RE a

hes

 

 

 

 

 

with a beautiful girl beside him, wa: WINDSOR. Taal LEE i Pmpar ; KINGS VILLE. ta

Roland Lpwis, It was the flest tim} y ww ) ; ’ / i
W 80rd ste: 4 e F

she had seen him since the purting, Joshun J. Boulton, aged 61 years, | ann sions Doral an +A portion,of the Rumanian order for

woolens, which recently came to Can-:
ada, hes been secured by the Brown &
Wigle Conipany; of this town. I
—— & *
—All Saints’ Episcopal church Men's
Club at Windsor.is planning the erec- Ng
tion of a large recreation building to ¥
meet the needs of boys and girls as
wdll as adults.
—A compartive table of milk prices
in the Province compiled by the Do-
minfon Government shows that ‘Wind- y
sor holds the unenvinble distinction off
being' the highest priced city or town A 2
in. the country as far as the Iacteak
fluid is concerned. While cities like
Toronto, Hamilton and London are
getting milk*for from 12 to 14 cents a
quart, citizens of Windsor are obliged
to pay 17 cents for the best quality
| milk, “London, a little more than a
hundred miles away, gets its milk for
12 cents. Just what justification there
is for a difference of five cents in price
between London and Windsor does ©
not appear, and the local Fair Price
Committee is saying nothing, and so
far ns known has done nothing to al-

for many years a resident of Windsor,
passed “away in Los Angeles, .Call-
fornia, Thursday afternoon, February
27th. Deceased was very well known
in Windsor. having been promrinent in
business circles until ill health forced
him to: abandon all such enterprises

“Why, Roland,” Evelyn cried. Ax
you golng ta be married?”

He bowed. -

Evelyn's father Introduced the. g

years «old, son of a former hotel pro-
prietor, enter a pléa of not guilty be-
foro Magistrate Miers in Windsor po-
lice court Monday; and was remanded
eight days for trial:

President Healy, of the Border
Chamber of Commerce, who was elect-

and go to California to recuperate, in od as head of that bod
: y at Thursday's
December. He is survived by his wile | ojoctjons, wasted no ime dnjtha, ye

and daughter, Mrs. J. W. Harris, of 46) 45intment of the various ¢halrmien of
Pelissier street, who were with Mim. | committees.” In-less than 24 hours he
He is also survived by two nephews; | ynounced the following 1i8t of com-

Edward and Harold Boulton. mittee chairmen: Industrial and pub-
Cutting tadephone connections at licity, George L. Peacoek; Transport
the residence of O. E. Fleming, K. C.,| tion, Fie A*Nuancekivell; Finance and
on Sandwich street west early Monday | Membership, P. W. Grandjean; Public
morning, hurglars made an effort to affairs and legislation, A." D. Bowlby;
enter the house through the basement | House and entertainment, G, D. Wick-
window, but were frightened away be-j ett. Each chairman selects four mem-
fore securing anything. Au automqs: bers of the executive for his commit- |
bile which the police beliave was stol-: tee,
en, was used by the gang, who backed With many factories planning to re-
it over the front lawn in the evident |sume activities at a. normal rate in the
expectation of making ‘a good haul, ! near future, a {large numberof for-
The men were in such a hurry to get | eigners are going to find" themselves
away that they collided ‘with the Mich-| out of, big-paying jobs, agcording to
igan Central bridge, wrecking the car, statements made to Capt.’ Asa Minard,
which was abandaned. G. W V. A. Secretary. When Canad-

 

 

to the bride, ‘Miss Wanda * Wright
Esthér ncknowledged the Introduction
nutomnfiecally, Her eyes went farther
and fastened onthe form of Rolund
Lewis,

The fieremony began. Buf it did hos
progress far. For suddenly there was
a moan and everyone looked around.
Estlier had fainted.

A lit{le later she opened her eyes
and gay, a short distungs®aboye her,
the fay’ of Rolund LoWls. He bent
closer. Her mind still dazed, she
threw hes arms around his neck and
drew him gown, His lips touched
hers. Thej her: memory returning,
she pushed him pack and closed her
eyes.

: “What hive I done?" she whispered.
And you dre married.
here with jaz

 

 
 
   
 

      
   
  
 
  
 
  
   
   
   
    
   
  
   
  
  

Why are you’

     
   
    
   

   
   
    
   
   
  
   
     
 
    

“Esther.” ul v a leviate the situation.
ou think Son Sou rate wens’? 1 Two Canadian lads aro belngheld by | 10% XL Uo akon by fens, and Th
Detroit dmmigration authorities as are-1' oy © wages went up to & war basis Fines which may be imposed on de- 5d

“But ¥5ii gre married,” she repeat-
ed, her bow wrinkled with perplexity.

“Just &, ose I wusu't. Co Id you,
Esther?’ PR h ; Hall

She BOvp a sigh,
faintly, “Fou A

ey, 1 I'am pot. Ie laudhed aloud.
"But Who— who was that with you?”

sult of an attempt to seek work in
United States while garbed in Canad-
fan uniforms, to which they had no
title. The boys gave the names of
Harold Huntington, aged 17, Toronto,
and William® Neal, 20 years old, Tim-
mins, Ontario. They were. on their
way to Flint, and said they thought
the uniform would help‘ them get-a

   

faulters under the M. S. A. are not to
be less than $2560 and not more thao
$5,000. “An order-in-Councii amending
the M. S. A. regulations to this effect,
has received thg approval | of tha Gov-
ernor-General,

much of the increase went into the
pockets of men who refused to fight
for Canada. Factory heads are assur-
ing Capt. Minard that with the time at
hand for opening up, returned men will
be given the opportunity to fill every
position formerly held by foreigners,
The headquarters of the Soldiers’ Em-

   
      
    
  
   

w
then answered

  
  
  
 
 
   

  
   
 
   
   
  
 

 
      
 
  
  
   
      
  
    

    
    

She still did pop ypderstpd. ployment Bureau, in charge of Lieut.

w ob. ‘By wearing the uniform they es-
F ia oy my tos Yt Sl Sho énped the head tax and are held in con- Strickland, ii23 ‘already, bush, opehcd CAS I 0 R IA
. my chum e agreed | nection with that evasion. ing returned men and civilian Canad-
i Nae fd wn ang AL you. loved ne, —William Chance, §1 Elliott ghroet, | aus at work is _work is anticipated, For Infants and Children
father were In the Fi er | Wndsor, and Geo. ‘Mock, 210 Bridge InUse ForOyor30 Years

. avenue, same city, a former police
Suddenly Esther inmang from the officer, wera allowed to go on suspend- SAVED BABYS LIFE. Alias bearg

   
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
     
  
   

  
  
 
  
  
    

couch and ran to the tajanhone. Toor
ing the receiver froy, os hoolt, sha
gave a certain nurhsp x
“lg this Mrs. De
Esther Moore, Wi! mater mis 1
Professor’ Rinardo 1 Gini go to New
York tomorrow. I oy very sorry to
disappoint you, but rine I can't. I'l
Soe 88, i smart «Well,
3 to
AT get nied.

She turned and entered Roland's

| open arms. His jis twinkled.

ed sentence on a charge of theft from
C.P.R. cars, in the Windsor . police
court Friday morning. The court ex-
pinined they were given their liberty
because of their wives and families.
He {ssued a warning that in future like
offenders would be dealt with much
more severely. Chance was ordered
ito ‘the company $60, the value of
ithe ds he admitted. steall and
Meek was ordered .to pay $2 the
(goods he took. In addition they were
lench assessed $18 costs. They were
: employed by the company as checkers.

 

Mrs. Altre Tranchemontagne, St.
Michel des Saints, Que, writes:—

“Baby's Own Tablets are an excellent
medicine.

 

    
  
   
  
  

J. SUTTON & SONS |

Funeral Directors

Jouso of quality.
Auto squipment: hon tn dostred,

18 Ouellette Ave. ' WINDSOR. Ont,

 
 
  

They saved my baby's life
and I can highly recommend them to
all’ mothers™ Mrs. ‘Tranchemon-
tagne's. experience fs that of. thou:
sunds of other mothers who have tes-
ted the worth of Baby's Own Tablets,
The Tablets are a sure and shfe pe
cine for little ones and never f;
regulate the bowels and stomach Hi
relieving all the minor ills from

  
   
  
 

Windsor. ittle difficulty in plac.

    
 

Phono 535.

  
 
   
    

   

 
  

“Wha 4 ) which children suffer. : They are sold
She at ‘areer, (Esther? Nicholas  Zoldski, + aged years, | by medicine dealers or by. San at 26
ae ever 6 lil Laroehtuly. - | succumbed Saturday morning in Hotel bo, a box from The Dr. Wiliams’

to me,”
hed, “pil REYEE apeats to

    
 

Dieu to the terrible hurns which he re: [ Medicine Co,aBrackville, Ont.

ceived when his homo, 148 Marion

TE Th Lg senuAny WILL BE CALLED -
fira abou 0 wea 0g0, @ Bus-

his sa ‘when he rushed up URON | TO-PAY 120,000,000

‘ ids 0 to rescue two-

      
 
  

0 lay in an upstairs |. Paris, March JH pate, con
od with it| ference committee
window Th 0 estimated that Ea,
