Our Semi-Annual :

Sale of Linens i
Is in Full Swing !}

-

THIS VAST SELLING Comes at a very opportune

time because it is now that most housewives desire to
take account of their bedding and table needs am

replenish their needs.
This sale will chart the way to economize and at the

rate folks are taking advantage of these offerings we
cannot too strongly urge that you come at the ea liest

i
;
:
i
;
:

Sublished by

THE ECHO PRINTING CO., Limited |

.OHN A. AULD, A. W. MARSH,
President. Sec.-Treas.

~~

—The Echo received an anonymous
letter for Piplication. reflecting on the
old Town Gi Amherstburg. The Boho
never has and, never will publish
anonymous communications. If the
writer will submit hiz name his lettes
will appear in these columns next
week.

ANOTHER §

) J

The clectors of Windsor and Walk:
erville by an overwhelming mu jority,
defeated the by-laws to grant the Sand-
wich, Windsor & Amherstburg Rail-
way a straight nickel fare on Satur-
day. The vote in Windsor was more
than three to one against the fare in.
crease, 693 ballots being maried “no”.
while only 181 were cast in favor, The
result in Walkerville wad oven more
antagonistic comparatively than Wind-
sor, 204 voting against and 39 for. The
result of this vote at once precipitat-
ed another street car strike, which
was called at 5 Monday morning, and

a severe attack of influenza, With
which she wus seized last November,
and conditions were such that she was
confined to bed for the last five weeks
of her linens, but was conseclous until
the great change came and was able to
converse with her family an? friends.
Mrs. Pigeon was formerly Miss Mar-
tha Deslippe, daughter of Mr: and
Mrs, Isaac Deslippe. of Amherstburg,
and was born in this township. Ne
wac married twenty-two veard ago last
Muy to Mr. Pigeon, and* bore Him a
tamily of four daughters—Beatrice,
Minerva, Mildred afd Irene, alll at
home with ‘mer frum Havsides these
due Up survived by her parents, one
slater, Mrs. Dolphus Dupuis, of Ander
dei. and five brothers, , Blur
keeper at North Malden; Forest, bar-
ber, of Amherstburg; Norman, Ernest
and Clifford, at home with their par-
ents. - Ome slgter, Emma, and one
brother, Lewis, are deceased. The
funeral took place on Thursday morn-
ing to the R. C. church, interment in
the R. C. cemetery.

Joseph Paitget, one of the ploneers
of the Pike, passed away Thursday
night at his residence. While he Had
been in failing health for over a year
with heart trouble dnd dropsy, he was
confined to bed for only a few hours.
Mr. Pouget was born on. tire farm
where he died, only In the old log

ere cc

them were born & family of elght chil
dren—four sons and four dnughters,
all of whom are [living Bo far as
ypown, but Alexandr, the third eldest
boy, who had not been heard of for
twelve years. The others are: Danlel,
of the McGregor rond; Andrew, of De-
troit; Eugene, of the -Gravel Road;
Mrs. John Gerard, of New Canaan;
Mrs. Charles Ouellette and Mrs. Chas.
Meloche, of Windsor. and Mrs. Gordon
Amlin, of Malden. In addition to these
are 66  grapehilran and 16 great
preasibilirren. The radera folk
place on Monday morning to the St
John the Baptist R. C. church, Am-
herstburg, for requiem mass, and in-
terment followed in the R. C. ceme-
tery, the pallbearers being six grand-
children—Dolph Ouellette, Douglas
Gerard, Wilfred Gerard. Raymond and
Ernest Pouget and Theophile Pouget.

COLCHESTER NORTH.

\ iY hite hat, and
orgette dress and 8 W 0
Eomo Oudllette, of Windsor, as best
pn, Fifteen cars were raquired to
convey ‘the guests to and from the
church, and the happy couple were
showergq with good wishes as they |
marched from the church after |
nuptial Mags. The wedding party was
entertalngg at dinner at the home of
Mr. Dupujs and in the afternoon they
were 8CCirded a warm welcome at the |
Torongeiy home, after whick aupper
WAR 86IVid, and the fun was kep. up
+11 Jlght. They received many usefu
and pretty gifts. The Echo extends
congnulations, and wishes Mr. and |
Mrs. Dupuis u long, happy married life.
Alfred Perry, farmer of Colchexter
Jorth tewnship, was arraigned before
Magistrate Miers in police court Wed-
wpaday morning, charged with cum-
mitting an assault on Evelyn Qagnier,
a nejghbor. He pleaded not gullty ax
| for trial elected to go to the next
Gecrge Lazarus 1s Yery, poorly and | ourt of competent jurisdiction. Bail
I twas got in two sureties of $500 each so
The Lwenty-one year old daughter of, (o allow accused a chance to get off
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Pettyplece pass-|jhe heaviest of his field crops.
ed away Wednesday aftermoon at the| “Mjsses Rome BUSH and Roso
Fssex County Sanitarium, Union, after | gochelebu, of Leamington, were guests
Freie] trestment thero for a year. |g Frank Charette's, Inst weck.
She is survive y her parents, one a ures
sister, Mabel (Mrs. O'Neil), of Sand- LEAMINGTON.
wich South, and four brothers, Rus- —_— ;
casualty lists
first as “miss-

gall, Douglas, Harry and another one, | Officially reported in

of more than a year ARO,

a silver grey |B

J | ==

since that time only those cars necet-
> house near the corner in which his

at home.

dead,”

t /  , : A I A y
We are Prepared to "=
serve your needs. i

Office Phones 212 and 36
Residence Phone 154

ba, 4
1.5. GATFIELD CoAL col
STBURG, ONT.

J =Se=—

FINANCIAL STATEMENT OF
MALDEN RED CROSS, 1pyy

RECEIPTS,
Mombership fees
ponations
Entertainments and teas

EXg money

=

EXPENDIVT
Yarn for knitting
Material used for Red Cros
Rolijel and other expenses. .....
postage and express charge

ing,” and later as “be!
Ernest Raymond. of Leamington, wha
went overseas as i musician with the
99th Battalion fromy Windsor, turned
up very much alive Saturday evening.
He had sent no notice of his coming,
and his wife and two clrildren’ quickly
laid aside the mourning they had don-
med. in respect to his memory. Ray-
mond, after a long stay in England,
got himselt transferred to the trench-
©s as an infantryman. and fought with
(the @anadian Mounted Rifles during
«the last year and a half of war.

sary to carry the mails. to Amherst- | o
wurg lave been pun; but no passan: father gettled nearly one hundred
gers are allowed to ride on these. [years ago. He was one of a fully of
The: men are getting at present 35 eighteen, being a son of the late Jos.
: sent’ ¢ y i
cents for six months; 37 cents after a Pouget who came fiere from Quebec
nearly a century -ago, and married

year; 38 cents after two years; and Emily R poe
10 ater three years: service. On cent Smyly Reaume, of Grosse Isle.” Of the
family two brothers and two slsters

in addition to these figures are added | viva: M > 4

for uniforms. They are now demand- a Yo A CE Parton, 5 Aa.

ing 50 cents an hour for the first three Jet ure; Mrs h Pat.. Navin, of

months: 55 cents after none months; | 2 oosejaw; January, of Amherstburg,

60 cents an hour after one fears ser- and Delphis, of London. The subject
of this sketch was married 53 years

vice, and as there seems little likell-
‘ Mary Mongeau, who came from
hood of the management coming to apoio 4
EB « Eg Montreal. She survives him. { To

New Canaan.

The marriage of Miss Clara Toron-
gean, daughter of Mr, and Mrs, Thos.
Torongeau, of this place, and Thomas |
Dupuis, of the 6th concession, Sand:
wich West, which was solemnized
Monday morning at St. Cléement’s R:
QO. church; - McGregor, by Rev. Father
Pinsonneault, was" a very pretty one
in all its appointments. The bride was
very’ prettily attired In a silvar grey
taffeta dress and white hat, and looked
exceedingly attractive. They were
attended by Miss Bells Dupuis as

London Hospital
(Ire madals 16°08
Balance donated to London Hospital {p ss

i PL, eI
Sent 14 bales to Hyman all, RI

segs, comtaining—
982 pairs of socks

158 Dn. ma Suits
137 HA sips
167 towels
#13 handkerchiefs
47 stretcher caps
0 sleoveless sweaters
10 scarfs
(Signed) MRS. A. WARONTATE,

Treasurer,

‘Table Cloths, Linen Napkins,
Towelling---Mill Ends of
Cotton and Nainsook, &c.

these terms, it looks like a long tieup
unless the Ontario Municipal and Rafl-
way Board takes over the management
and operation of the rallway until the
company and the striking earmen
come to: terms. . The Board met at
Windsor yesterday (Thursday) morn-
ing to try to effect some kind of a
settlement.

Fortunately the roads are good and
as automobiles are plentiful, there has
been little real hardship In this dis-
trict, through the suspension of the
car service. | $

 

forte eelefp oeri dele ;

Victory Bonds Taken at Par in Ex

GOOD CLOTHES AT BOUG'S!!!
Great Sun Hats

Fine for men who work: in the fields. They're

Ee

LIMITED.
9-11-13 Sandwich St. East and 16 Ouellette Ave.

WINDSOR

Cw

pt
MALDEN.

Mr. Guest and wife, of Detroit, have
been visiting at Howard Gibbs:

Bowlers’ thoonlight, Tuesday, July
sand, Big boat, Best of the séason

Charles Atkinson has purchased a
Chevrolet- 4—90, through the emp
Furniture Co. : :

Joseph Barron (5 in a critical con-
dition. and little hope of his recovery
is entertained.

“Miss Hilda Burns, who 18 lil with
typhoid fever, doing as well as
can be expected .

Rope for hav forks and all other
purpoaas at W. H. Jopes & Son's hats
ware. Phone 15.

Miss Viola, McCarthy of the Bell
Telephone. Windsor, is hgme for a
four wéeks' vacation.

Screen your windows s
keep out flies, We have all sizes,
LE Jones & Son. Phone 15,

Expect car of brick in the latter
part of the week. Get your orders im
now. J. W. Gibb, Phone 75. Amherst
burg.

Mr. and Mrs,

  

Good in Looks
Superior in Fabrics
Faultless In Fit

Unmatehable in Value

WESTER

Pr

light in weight and have good wide brims that

» will shade your face from the hot sun. These are

SET * “wonderful values at these prices—

f :

eg : 35¢, He, The
IN SHORT HERE ARE JUST THE KIND OF CLOTHES YOU'LL bs
BE PROUD OF and the kind that will demonstrate to you tthat it ;

51 Ouellette Avenue, Windsor, Onl.

The McAllum School

Hi

Ad doors to
w

Train You for Success

Summer Panis

The successful summer pants are the Kind that

T does pay to trade at the Boug Store. Never before in our hiistory
SUMMER SESSION: July—August—September : :

Many Public School students, High School students and Teachers en-
rolling, - INDIVIDUAL MEHOD of TEACHING.

Positions on {le last Friday: —Bank of Montreal, Dominion Bank, Lundy's
Securities Co., Mutual Finang¢e Corporation, Morton & Co. Aetna Insurance |
Co., Detroit; Union Trust Co. Detroit; Canadian Express Co. Canada Pole
& Shaft Co., Chas. R. Murphy Co., Detroit. WE WERE BUSY.

Now is the.time to enroll. :

I S. McALLUM,

Accountant.

have we had such an extensive showing of high grade, througgh and |
Tlhe

Earl Tillardsand babe
and Miss Blanche Primeau, all of
Windsor, spent the week-end with
their aunt; Mrs. C. Hunt, river front.

Mr. and Mps. Lucler and family and
Mrs, O'Neil and family, of Windsor.
were Sunday visitors dt Frank A.
Hunt's.

Sunday visitors at Albert’ Wyld's,
North Malden, were: Mrs. Maurice
Beck: and ‘three children. of Detroit;
Edwin Snider, Ernest Afleckiand two

= ; = ee ow olchester Sout
Wm. Dupuis and Walter Delisle al Eo. Fk son

: have purchaslid, Ford cars, Leonard, of ‘Oshawa, have heer
moonlight, Tuesday, July |: Rope for Noy- forks and. allwotier | Visiting her ster. Mrs. Ds Botsford,
Best of the season, pe SE Jones ¥ Sor 8 hard- 1 rjse—Fopping, teqghier. or Woodstock,
Requiem mass of a most solemn 3 leo i of our oll stoves
and impressive character, was sung In {nukes the diy seem only-$ hours long
preach | St. John the Baptist R. C. church, Am: {why not 20) om Strike until your h Us.
3 RoTsthure: ug for the |p, ind gets you oe at WV. He Jones
» Mrs Fuge. Mailloux, by Rev.|gs Son's hardware. -P 15. :
Edmund. Renaud. son of Israel Ren- Father Bondy; of Assumption College, | © Lo) as Hy improve
sud. who has been In France, has Te- assisted bys Rev. Fr. Dillon, deacon, | gouty tromi= Ng severe filness - with
turned home. Aand Rev. Fr. O'Rourke, Sub-deacon. A rheumatisnr, Wd from i ght blood
Mrs,’ Noe Pare Windsor, was yisit- fhrge number of mourning tas | res © He in consultation with
ing ‘her mother, Mrs. A. Syérmétte, and friends were in attendance. The | Dt a Fuller, of Windsor this week,
I i the weekend, oad” remains were laid to rest In the R..C. : Si imigtie of a pErmanent
ra ar willows cemetery, the pallbearers being:==1. .o pret SF Cp
Kap out flies. We have all sizes. Evariste, Adelard and “Achille” Ouel-'1 "gy naay visitors at Adolph Bondy’
H. Jones & Sor, Phone 15. lefte, James, O.Deslippe, Achille Mail} dog a ape: - Mr, and Mrs. H.
Expect car of “brick in the Jattargloux and W flllam Pajot. -sAmong the | winter And dnughter Marguerite and
part of the weak. @et you: orders in| relatives from a ‘distance was William | joo Roy and®Percy Sire. C. Richards Ag

highest point in these garments. Se
2 /
J. W. Gibb, Phone 73, Ambereiy Pl gahahorm. at gin” Hand "of Merlin; Mr and Mrs: : : ran -——
away last Thursday “ight T hes | Ni Marino, of \Wind§or; Mr Fund °
gon of Dougall MgDonald, at iis tote Is. ercy Burns and family, of Har- Sturdy of Fabric {
residence on the 6th goncession. Defi \ © : > ¢
| sAmong the Sunday guests.at Mr. | : 3 v
Are Our-- |
|
i
i / i
est, upright man, a good ne p x j :
Som on. polis; Ru i halen motored to Windsor, and they
pathy ig felt for the niece, wiio by his had a joyful ride haw All ae Ela 0
death is left alone. to see him. He.Is looking the picture a
of health, ?
- maiden name 1 . Ve many
for the past -year, died Fridny pleht nial arte Tis Marie | Doytord, tive ha good wishes of the’ man
at the home of her daughter, Ars. 98. 5¢ Malden, Her brothers livin + | friends.’ x
, h. When it became|g;m ; i ving are| The marriagevof Miss Ella Helena,
Buckh ag Sengwie | Samuel, of Malden; Eugene, of Wind-|gacond daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Fred.
Renaud: principal toast of Sang 0
Section No. 6, Anderdon, for the pas tion, 4s it was a matter of (taxation
ve yous, hos resigned ils Jetition, which should have been taken up with a ® No pn Ab
ary. 8
because he did not receive {ull salary the budget. tore or wn. tietr. v0 ii E
take Io their residence at the Comp:

cohged came from Scotland when abingq Mrs. Dan. Plllon’s were: Sol.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Lauzon, of| After-being an invalid for (en years | (pn Sunday Mr. and Mrs. J. L, Bratt oo
known. & month ago that she could Dot | co. pred, Andrew and Denis, of | Mickle, river front, and Howard Earl
| Mr. Renaud. lost four days in attend a r——— ay
bell homestead. The Boho unites pr an a

through suits,” and never were the values more tempting.

prices of Boug Suits for men and young men are—

$15, $18, $20, $25,.830
. $35, $40, $45, $50

MEE 2 cia arash oS 4540 4 by

will keep a fellow cool and give him a better

+51 Ouellette Ave.

Box, 56.
Windsor, Ontario.

appearance. For the needs of hot weather we*

suggest

Palm Beach & Duck Panis
© $2.50 and $2.00

} Light in weight ‘and ‘when soiled they" can be

IR EE

ANDERDON.

Bowlers!
22nd. Big boat.

William-.Renaud, of Detroit, spent
4 few days with: his cousin] Israel
Renand. ] id

The Rev. H. A. Wright will
at Trinity church “on Sunday at
g'zlork, J

‘and prices in between

EN

THERE ARE PRESENTED. styles for men and styles/for young. “Rubbed” with ease. We doubt very much if

i Te oo Ht

fellows as-Waist-Line models and Belters. The materials are note- § you will be able to duplicate such pants else-

BRE

5 t | od i
nd the art of tailoring is brought to the where at ajnywhere near our prices. If you want 3
A . ¥ : % hpi a

: who i8 very opt worthy for their quality a
and doors to A] ’

W. > :
real value acome and see these pants.

WashPants SHIRTS

“For Boys | $1.50

Good shirts from the button hofes to
the colors. Fine for summer because ’
“they are made of;good washing ma-
terials, and strongly made. Come
and see ’em if you want the best at«
the smallest prices. :

atlon of Trinity, church

monster pienic in the
Wwasch for the anunounce-
.~{hon'and, Louise Ren- 7
,oqaud, of Detroit, were
__s Edna and Rita Coyle

“-atrice, Beneteau has return-
andwich, where she spent the
attending Second Bart En-

trance Ezamifuation.

The farmers ale very Busy at pres-
ent with the- hay and Wheat CTODS.
The dry weather has seriously affected
the wheat crops 1n this district, caus:
<n, ghrinkage in the grain.

“Yap es! using one of our oil stoves
makes ng Jay seem only 8 hours long,
Why not go 90 strike until yyur hus-
band gets yoX oneal WwW, H. Jones
& Son's hardware. | Phone 15.

These are made of good

wearing materials—come fj -
stripes and have suspenders

attached. Little’ boys ike

‘em, so will mother.

»

TIES, 50c

Hundreds of ties are awalting you
here and all 0.K.— made of durable
silksrand wash materialg-and colored

the way you'll like your summer tes
to be. ; 9

A PT Te 0 Ar dd 0 nS

These suits are designed with painstaking
care by master tailors and finished with the

idea of service.

A

MEN'S TROUSERS

For worl or dress up oceas-

lons' we lead the country in

pant values. Better made \

and made of better materials

is our story. Priced up from, ¥
a Ne  W i

“= : 3
Come in and see the wonderful showing we
have in store for you; you'll appreciate the

values we are sure.

young man and first lived in Rodney | a aan hters; M
ae Spor, wile wid £0 Mens. snd. Mr.
i setaled with’ two brothers¥ and a pan Jodofn, of Detroit; Oscar Pillon.
sister, who have predecensed him, on 4nq family, Hi J. Goulin and “family,
en ho rl Heo A niece, | yng Maurice Pillon and family. It
Miss Jenple McIntyre, who made her |. 2 , =
2 id SH him, survives him. He had re. Happy, Et ely sor of Timoghy
a pi failing heaith for a consider-{ga)ly, docked af Halifax on Thursday,
Shle’ Hime dn Heanssquencatiof full, ¥yu1y ard. He went overseas witli the
which resulted in a broken ivg, from |x OR in July, 1918, , He trained ‘in
which he never recovered, although | es wd a SA b's teady to £0 to
he. was only confined to bed for Ap when a Was  coclaimed.
Sok t He was aboul seventyfive | ia landed home at noon Monday, But
years of age. ‘Decesed was an hon- (owing to the car strike, ‘Charles B.
i age and’ Mr. ond dirs: Jos. as a result of a stroke of Haralysls, ) 1 in honor of Mr. and Mrs. : ’ —
iver RosgaNand Mr, Ci eitior rat {Surin part of which tus sho sufor. on olodo, | About twenty-five SUITS TO PROPERLY SUIT BOYS is our , ~
“A. Vermette's, Richard Helfriah's ; : ain, Mra iaeques Cote and relatives were present, : - =
3 Albert Ly the past passed Swgy at hor Hof: near Canard | id Mra, Bell. Slatives, os the motto, and in this offering we have lived Children’s:
week. 3 - 3 . The funeral, which | racipfent of many beautiful gifts. The " .
rok. ay visitors At Albert Huneau's Was held Sunday morning to the R. C. {house decorations were ca Li up to those words, There are Norfolks and . 4
wore* Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Mongeau ty ty ly ae eville, and interment | profusion of roses and pond lilies, Military styled suits, some with straight |’ ‘
and son Russell, of Windsor; Mr. ana i, od ph e cemetery, wad largely {and Mrs. Bratt was ably assisted by _ " >
Mrs. Robert Mason and Leo nenaud. as ended 3 owing the esteem In Which {per sisters, Mrs. J. Ouellette and rs. pants, others with bloomers. aC Taw
of Detroit; Mr. and Mra. Robert Hem. | 11° wus lield | THis paliaiers er lgoouten, The afternoon Was spent : !
mings and son Norman, of Tecumseh; bs oop Hi Ibem{ and Ernest Cote. | in a pleasant soclal manner ond after 3 hy
Mr. and Mrs. M. Huneau and Mr. and hk a Him Meloche, of Ander: | dinner, which was at 6, the guests de-
_ Mrs. Hart, of Windsor. nt oe of Puce, and Mr. |parted. Mr. and Mra. Bell returned ;
“5 Mrs.aW. J, Beales, who had been il , etroit. ~ Mrs. Cote's |p Toledo sume evening, Carrs :ng with a %
over, ehe was removed to the home
fea: Te tineral took Doris: po des these she {8 survived | campbell, .son of Peter D. Campbell; Fine for dressup or everyday
place’ in Windsor on. Monday after a: Sugg a Gravel Rond, was goggle Worries: wear and certain to keep lit-
12.30 o'clock and interment was = A) x ph. | day afternoon at the parsonage of Cen-
iL cemetery. Mr. and Emma*(Mrs. Fran Rocheleaun), of {ral Methodist church. Windsor, by tle heads shaded from the hot
“Mrs. Beales ¢ to the.river front Sandwich West; Laura (Mrs. Ray-|gev. Dr. Crews, pastor. Owing to sun. . “
“nearly twenty years ago, where he mong Cousineau), of Anderdon, to all jpegs In the bride's home and a re- ;
maintained o shoe repair shop and did of whom sincere sympathy 15 extended. | dont bereavement in the groom's home.
gardening. She is survived by her —_— z the affair was “very quiet, ony Mr.
husband, the daughter mentioned Canada will hang on eo its thitee-cent and re. Hilton Nickle atten ng iy
above and two sons, Harry, of Sand-ijyiior rate for the present. In the | witnesses. . The bride was very ©
wich, and William, of Detroit. House of Commons the other day, Sir traclively attired ina navy blue travel
A corresponient writes: “Oncor ’ ; ling suit with white picture’ hat, car-
1 rying a corsage bouquet. of white
roses, and looked execedingly sweet.

Robert Borden, when queried on the
subject, held out no hope of a reduc

ORE WITH THE STOCK = | 5

*

his examination to renew hie certifi- « Ri HE ST
conte ne te . and his wnges, were S. A. McDonald, a married man, who Ot bier > Ee
eat bi “for these four daye. 3ir lived at North Cobalt, was instantly |with other friends in extending felicl- a . : pi :
1 hs : killed Jn a blasting accident at the tations. " . eh ] WIC I DU el St»
Reusud has iy steady and dovate] Foster mine at Korr Lake, Monday af-| Mrs. James Pigeon, of this town 9 Sandw ich Stree t West Set ;
Fr and be offered an in-|ternoon. McDonald, who. was shift}siip, passed a y- Tuesday &iErnoon, ET NE : ss 2
salary, of “sections are [boss at the property, walked into alaged 42 years months. She was & ARNE
vd | blast na stope. ~~, vlctimof consumption WHIZ ollow d
Fog oa . EE IEC id *

jad

wo
