 
  
   
     
     
      
  
   
    
    
      
    
   
      
    
   
  
  
      
  

approval.

ity, has passed.

and the
There are—

cértain to
selves.

  

—-)

 

 

  

 

 

  

Strong, of a son.
Stanper—In
ber 16th, 19
Stamper
daughger—-1)
Wigle—In: Winds
1919, the wi
formerly of (
ter atili-harn

ny

  

 

Hart— McLaughlin

   
     
     
    
  
  
 
   

 
 

 

   
  
 
 
  
    
  
  
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
   

   
 
  

SIMI

  
  

3 yc by R
Ameron Vanidour
Hida Wagner,

   
 
 
  

   
  

 

NE

WLAN fhxow

T

      

 

 
 
  
   
 
 

in Me 3 3
Crawrond —in  Colel
NoFember 41
agehil GI yOhrs,
Gibson-~In Winds

 
 

    
      
   
         

   
  
 

    
  
 
  
   

10149, Eimer Par
of M3 awe.

Jeid—In
: 10190, the mfant

    
    
 
  

Windsor —in 3Mersea,

  

 

 
  
 
 
  
    
    
  
  
  
    
 

Count
ber &

And thou art ©

And while
Ress

Leamningio

by, Rev. J. G, Faii
esday, Navember
Mr. Hart, wf

MoeLa

est Hedda, aged 1)

The prime requisite of
confidence of its patrons, an
ingly holding to the absolute trut

has been shown by our many custom-
has fully demonstrated to us, that our

Come in and pick
and notice the blending of pattern and color
there is a Rug here that will he liked by you.
halls there are Jap Rugs, quaint in fashioning and ¢
make the place more attractive where they spread jchen

lities at prices th

 

  

  
  

briday,

 

. Mary's,
formerly

{aber

The general interest that
ers in our third floor section,
concentrated efforts to buy Rugs

The day of buying “cheap
and here we use the word “cheap
Our Rugs come from worthy

will be to believe this statement.

Rugs of Dependability

First of all our Rugs have the ability to prove their worth by

their performance in service.
gathering

embrace

”

 

\

a store's policy Is first and last to win the
d we have accomplished this, by everlast-

h about our merchandise.

and Curtains has met with their

" Rugs, with the thought off economy,
» as a qualification for inferior qual
sources—seeing them

They are presented In rich cblorings
Rugs for every room in the home.

Wiltons, Axminsters, Tapestry Rugs
aud a Variety of Others

one up. feel the texture, then stand off a space

From hall to bedroom
For bath rooms and
olor that are

Linoleums That Save a Great Amount of

Household Labor.

 

'

here Linoleums cover the floor, the drudge of

t

scrubbing is
are within reason.

 

[8

We are stil offering a premium on every U. S. dollar bill spent In

eliminated to a great depree
this store for merchandise or in payment of accounts.

ARTLET, MACDONALD & GOW

Inlaid and printed Linolenms of ser-

IMITED

9-11-13 Sandwich St. East and 16 Ouellette Ave.

  

 

    

 
  

 

  
 

Als
roft

October

of E=#éx,
ain 10%
to
of

 

Mr.

 

octo-{ All the bologna sausage in Bartosh’s

kr
of

J

Aurelian \Wigle,
,. 0f 3 Aauzh

 

ES —————— ees 4

RRIAGES.

At the residence sf
Waedl- | wateliman, and the robberies may per-

   

ud,

~At tie Methodist pars
ning Lo

 

 

 
  
  
 
 

     
   
 
 

 

 

 

ed Ihutcher shop was removed. At
barber shop the thieves

luck. finding only a five-cent plece

a

 

“Won't take! your last nickel *
good a friend, Bob.”
well known bowler, and is usu
add | called ,“Bobby.” Esagex has no nl
Ohlel of
“locked

{ haps be due to this fact
| lie Hill nnd bis assistant
| the town”
Monday night.
children on .the main

1

chnse,

   

In. every
Fridayanis

a quiet night,
the Sadler, robbery

0

 

  
  

 
  
 

 

mdrk® at the rear of Tang &

"| store, leading to the Belief that

 

 

orses 40 carry of the loot.
Wednesday morning, acting: og

I
n

 

 

 

had ~hard

the til. Theyflelt a note,which reads:
Too
Mr. Noble is” a}passes uigt way. - The inscription an

}
i
|
!
}
i
:

of ment. is $98,000,000 The larger total jon of Canad#, for as lis
of | would include $20,000,000 in Chippawa grow this Jndustry must

 

MOND CAVADA,
\TED.

THE ECHO |" Lin

Published by The Soda Ash plant of Brunner,

THE ECHO PRIN TING 0. limited Mond, Cancda; £iniited, adjoinlng Am-

pb, herstburg, is nov In speration and
+OHN A. AULD, A. W. MARSH, |supplying Soda Ash (0 tio glass manu-
President. Bec. Treas, | factures, soap monuf~ctires and other
a. Industries of the Dominbp of Canada.

The word that tis pnt was to be
constructed adjoining Amherstburg
| coming in the early winter of 1917.
| loomed up ag jhe beginning ol a now
era for the Town of Amherstburg and
when their Manager, Mr. Rutherford,
accompanied by Mr. Falls, gave noilce
to the tenants to vacate the property
furthér determined thav the big work
Since that date to
construction work

 

The United Farmers of Alberta
scored thelr firat victory at the politi-
cal polls on Monday, when their can-
didate. A. A, More, was given a ma-
jority of about 140 in the bye-election
in Cochrane provincial riding, over E,
V.. Thompson, candidate of the Stew-

art government.
em ————————

J. L. Englehart, chairman of the | Wis 10 proceed.
Temiskaming and Northern Ontario | the Dresent time
Rallwny, has resigned oh account of has been under way until now the
ill-health, Mr. Englehart’s real inter | Acids of the mast uptodate Soda
ests have been in the exploitation of Ashe plant in the world Is in full swing.

petroleum, and~his fourteen years’ | The site for this plant is,one of the
work with the T. & N. O. was more in | moct lozleal of any Soda Ash plants
the nature of a hobby. anywhora Jn as much ts 0 very pure

: = supply of salt, hich grade limestone.
When in: Windsor, last whek. Sir; unlimited volume of water and firsi-
Adam Beck stated that within the

class railroad and steamboat accom-
next five years the total investment of

    

 

modrtions are avajlable; The future
the Hydro In Ontario would probably development of this plant will largely
total $285,000,000. The present invest- ‘be co-related with that-of the Domin-
ndustries
keep pace

of | development; Nipigon $6,000,000. St. to suppiy the raw matcrials necessary.
of | Lawrence $25,000,000, Saugeen $2,000-| The malin plant of Brunner. Mond

Before sfeferfonfoofeconfonfocoenfuntecfoentenfesfosenienfosfoderd fe

 
   
    

 

the

in

ally
ght

Po-
up
are

in

t, the

Moore's

the

md oa team of

fn-

n, Monday, Goteber| : Sask)
ev. Lo W. HON Mr. for jon recelved from EsseX, harder
i to, Mrs. Allee Ma- | ba) arrested George Smith, son of

all of Leaml

=

ater’ South,
1919, David Cratvford,

 

1s1, 1910, Robert
SOArs.
Hean—¥n. Windsor, 7
goth, foie, Willan
Latoral—At \alkervilie
vorber
96 yea

Pavks—In Malden, Ef ay,

Meorsea, Sunday,

   

 

R1oNn.

 
  
   
 
  
     
   
 

  

Ins

 

aria

Gibson, ag

hirsday,
A

 
 

MH

ol

 

  

 

 
  

in

“AN MEMORIAM.

Jn Joving Memory of our dear son,
X 1. Pilon, who died for fis K
iy one vear ago toeday, Nove
th,

servant of God well done!
‘Thy glorious warfare is psi.
. The baitleis Tonghl, he viclory won,
wined at last.
Soldier of Christ well lone:
Praise be thy new empioy,
¢lornal ages rum,
in the Saviour™s jog.
His lovin,
i and sisters.

Sanawich, November 4th. 1919.

g parents,

Novembe !
anghter of Mr. For:

chureh, |S

 

 

“Fapsday, | grocery store hefe to W

November

el

De aher

ay
Leo Lavoref, 38edi gong gaged fourteen and
their home near Poplar Fleld, Mam
—Munfcipal clerks have been noti-
* Department
registerin
births, marriages and deaths will beje
assay. November | jhayenrated at -theobeginning of the jcl

her™a 1st,
55th year

T

Pie
jug aad

 

 

  

froin Detroit, charged ®ith compli
the robWery, and brought him
| whepe he was lodged In
A pair of pincers wh

ith,

 

1 gaol.
were known to’have heen in his

 
 
  

who has already taken charge.
Millar will spend®some
daughters, Mrs. Wigle,
and Mrs. Edwards: Lansing.

~~

12
ie

 

No:

Provincial

fied by fhe
of

2nd.
Mh lthat a new system

trars and the requirements of

  
   
  
  
 
   
 
      
 
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
    
 

forced,

    

-{11 and 12, east side Laird

  
   
  
   
  
 
  
  

spring
the lots, and dispose

FAmherstbul

   

what is now vacant*property.

—M. Barrett disposed of lots 9.
avenue,
Monday to D. O. Yeoman, Chief Chém- |
{st Brunner. Mond, who expects next
to erect a bungalow on oné of
of the others. their o

cfty
fo
the
hich

Mr

the
registration law will be ptrictly en-

 
    
 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
   
  
   
 
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
 

and went home at 10.20 | Americans at Detroit ordered an at
‘There wera only two
thoroughif:
when they departed amd it looked like

Smith, as he landed in Windsor] vicToRY

fegtory, Leamington, | dries Pos-
wabor 191%, by Rev. B 1 session, were found alongside” the
Mr. Alf Wilson, lately ret 1} ns he
> from 1 yo Mess Grilla My Lit (nx & Moore safe Tuesday morning:

or HUW Othdr arresis are expected shostly.
Pe —— The Molsons Bank las opened a
A i branch «of thejr bank in the Langis
Raitzer—A Novem: | reajdence, McGregor . :
ver Baltzeg, |" “5 "|." MiMar has disposed of lis

am Sample,

time “with his
at Walkerville,

Alex. Karolykevas murdered by his
eleven, at | still

g| which to sete rotumed soldiers, to

41h; 1910, Sms. Joseph Winisor, axed) vow Year, The onus of enforcing the c
—_— | Act will be placed on the local regis

10{ 8 a hive of industrial development,

This is onesof the choice locations in
A r# and within a year It |
brothers | oxpacted that new houses will gracl

Canada, Limited, 1s situated on the
(old Dougall farm and so arranged as
to admit of unlimited expansion. The
main bullding at present occupies an

aren 278x162 feet, built of steel and

000, $45,000;000 for development of ex-
isting systems and $50,000,000 for rad-
als.

 
 
   

 

The defeated Hearst administration
tendered” {ts resignation to Lieut.
Governor Hendrie about 11.30 on Sat-
usday, The Ministers, who have re-
signed, are as follows: Hon. H. J
Cody, Minister of Education; Hon ‘I.
AW. McGarry. Provincial = Treasarer;
Sir William Hearst, Premier; HongG.
H. Ferguson, Lands, - Forests and
Mines; Hon. W. D. McPherson, Pro-
vinclal Secretary; Hon. G. S. Henry, |
Agriculture; Hon. Finlay Maediarmud,
Public Works; Brig.-Gen. Ross, Min-
ister without portfolio; Hon. I B.
Lucas, Attorney-Gereral; Hon, R. F.{
Preston, without portfolio
The number-of banks in any com-
munity Is usually considered a criter-
jon on which to base the prosperity of
the place, In that respect Harrow and
Col ster South ar njo¥ying about
the greatest in the Pro-
vince, for three chdr-
tered banks have bee

!

|

 

  
   

 
 

  

nu doing business
here, where befoge one seemed suf-
jcient. For some time bank officials

   
  

  

 

 

 

 

 

BIRTHS. ave been nibbling at Harrow, and it
Dene Mali ay, oO 3 A wis. no surprise. when the Dominion
a The" town of in the 1 ¢ openéd a branch in J. H. Madill |
in ’ of great exciten que 10 se 'a store Tuesday forenoon in y
ro} 1 t » 1e ~ |
Mr, DD robigrie that 108 AL there i £ |e arge of P. E. Farquhar, of Windsor, | G. S. RUTHERFORD
Monday nigat. he t will, 1t 1 § » a Sensi eo \ 2
tov. G- {ig " So Sev id Hdl it did cause a ensation when In pormer Manager Brunner, Mond, who
mr. Hit- | : : lol) the afternoon. P. E. Stmuel, Manager y.qvag Saturday for Hutchinson. Kas
lar lowing so closely ‘upon the} Kingsville branch, “arrived in Hurrow iba Ne dry
curghim ay, 0 Tey j robbery of § g store on Mon-| and opened “4 branch of the Mqlsons -
ath. d WOTER bday night when § "| Bank in the Heaton block, and” both concrete, ome portion of it being ten
Hall—In 1ay ogtube r wore Foeared tl 2 eile JB Ai are making a bid for tie business of stories high or 176 fect irom the main
a M Fihi Falice Hill os is w 4 ni a the community. The Molsons Bank floor. {2 this building are installed
asa in R32 Sul Monday, Go| Fee Hill d on > indsor police | has also opened a branch at McGre:- the prineipal Soda Ash apparatus; tho |
toner , he wife al MF | authorities to assist him in running gor | mammoth .distjllers, precipitators, fil
Tpbmas Mason, of & sam—Aler! Ed- {dowd the thieves. Laing &- Moore, tors, aryérs, wiih the many gas com-
ward. | general merchants; *W. H. Richard- 1 : int ob
Marboard. tn Windsor, Mondag, Novemper | E2HERE 0 Arthur Raines, gro-| CANADIAN HOUSE VOTES pressors and ammonintelf brine pumps
3rd, 1919, th ite of Mr, Russell] 800. “0 Rg ATL anes. GRAND TRUNK PURCHASE | and settling topéther with (ae
S. Matengetts, of A dpughter cer; Charles Bartosh, butcher.. and | electrical power plant: These, are all
Wayyille—In Amherstburg, Wednesday, Oc- | Noble & O'Connar; barbers, arg the Ee = "arranged for the L Y hod :
tober 2@nd, 1014, the Ww uf’ Mi [ones whose places’ of business were The House of Commons on Wedneg. Arrahged for the best metho of pro-
Edward Mayvil a daughter. * Sk ah . S #5 | day adopted the bill providing. for the ducing axhigh grade of Soda Ash; tie
a Amhersiburg, Monday, No- | entered: Monday night. “At Laing &| ye subsidiary buildings are tho boiler
Sed. 1919, the. wife-o' \UrelNMoore's men's f shings to the value | Government acquisition of the Grand a
vembur Br 1019, the re’s m $ furnishing 1e = house, covering ~  160x60 fi
Jopn Midttegiten (nee Miss Jorien=ed oo ey 60) wera removed. In addition Trunk Railway by a vote of 84 to 53, 88, Covering an are. x eet
Mespes nj 01 a gaughies Vacs Jane 15 Vol OC Ih addition b= ajority-of 31. The bill now goes 4nd being equipped with 4 600 h.p. B.
Pajot~In Sandwich West, Thu .Oc-|the safe was opened and between “cH l vo SO a & W. boiters, two of which were built
I Sath. 1019, ae wife of ME. Ar-|three and four hundred dollars isto the Senate, Which. 15 expected to "1 Goldie & MeCulloch C I
hae Pajol, Of a son. ber | missinE from it. “At W. H. Richard- send It back with an amendment pro- alt po) FHI ra), or v
Syith— saminglon, Saturdays: Octobe J y 0 value alt, w dw oke
min Len, te or Arr. Fred. | Son's hardware store the thieyes took viding that the Value of the Baran. J "conadgan Sirocco plant fans. The
a all the safety razors. and Mishifghys,in § teed shares be submitted to arbitra °C 5 ;
Smith, of a ail the safely razors. an ashiighys’ in chimney Aor these Dollers 4s 200 fen:
Strong—in Rochester, { october | gro0k. Groceries worth about $20] tion. Twiki i
2510, 1919, the Wite o Thomas ; a nbn = in height and was bufit-by the Can-
0 x: were taken from Arthur Raines’ store. adian Kellogg Co

AN HISTORICAL TABLET. The coal handling is all donc auto-

matically by, means of conveyors built
by the Canadian/Link Belt Co. 59 rhat
no coal 1s handled by hand.

Other suhsiddary buildings are the
life kiln and milk of lime: buj.dinzs,
where tic” lifgh grade Hmestone Is
barged, vhich gives the gas necessary
for the menufactdre of soda ond the
lime” oxide which {5 used for the re-
sovery.of the ammonia. Further Snb-
sidiary bulldings are @ fully equippeg
machine shop, blacksmith shop, stow:
forthe: neceasiry repair parts. carpen.
ter shop. five warehouses, barn and
office, Sh

The steel work for all buildings was
supplied by the Canadixn Brilga Ca,

 

The bronze tablet” marking the é€n-
trance to Old Fort Malden has been
placed on the Postoffice, and is attract-
ing tHe attention of everyone Who

the tablet reads as follows:

“This marks the entrance to Fort
Malden constructéd by the*British be-
tween 1787 and 1799, In July. 1812,
FGeneral Hull in command of athe

tack. on the fort svhich was repulsed
at River Canard bridge. Hera Gén-
eral Brock 13th of August, 1812, held
council with thé Indian Chief -Tecum
geh and marched to Metroft when Hull

 

 

} Tor—5t All Sgints church.  thiEves secured entranco {o the stores | suyreendered his | post; groops and or Walkerville, who farnishod aniFox.
Saturday, November I=) By cutting a pane of glass froma rear] stores. After the battle of Lake Erle. gmngely ‘four (housand ons of vies
s18, by Wav. 1. chapman, Mr WASE] window” There is only one tiie be- September 1813, the” British aban: corad steel, erecting same gs requir
ATR side the note left hn the barber shop|doned the fort and burned jt. United oq fy tie general program RL

Af the RC, Presby- Veil] 1¢ consists ‘of hoof and wagon | Stateggtreops then occupled and parf-#yjon

Jy rebuilt the fort, between September | “Thy brine sppp)y ior ths pian: Is
1813 and July 1815, when peace ‘reé- qhtpined from Fels property nnd
stored it lo the British. who complet- pear the Canard river, at whic, site
ed the reconstruction between 1826 5.0 Jopatod four large size brine wells
and 1828. Erected by the Essek His- rina piaipinf “plant, = The brine is
torical Soejety, 1919.” Ypumped through an $” C. L pipe Ine

EE ad ! hy of the second coneéssglon to
LOAN AT AMHERSTBURG tlie main plant.

 
  

“

 

f

 

The Victory Loun campaign in Am-
herstburg is being carried along
quietly but successfully under the
direction of Mr. Haas. 4 Canvass
s didnt’ go on j their beats
til Monday morning,” dnd the fact”
that yearly $70,000 has already haen
signed. up indicates.that the objeetfve
will b# reached. Al realize thelr re-
spons;bilities in this important matter.
“The canvassers are making 4 hoide
to house campaign, so that everygmne
will be. given an opportunity of doing
To subscribe Yo thiss last

on the river front and was built by!
the ‘Foundation Co.. of Montreal. - In
this pump house are lovated 3 2,000-
000-rallon pumps each driven by a 150
fi.p. motor, the power lYemng supplied
from the main power plant of the
Company “or by the  Irydro-Electric,
whose current can operate a 350 K.W,
rotary trsnsformer, whith converts the
Hydro current of 4400 ¥ilts, 25 cycles,
to that required for the pumps of 480
volts, 60 cycles. i

fn the north portion of this pump

 
 
 

 

  

thelr bjt. hon ro located: the sov Y
r rs Lk - : " > 8 2 ed. *Vén pumps for
Victory: Loan 18 & patriotic duty. The the water supply for the Town of Am-

 

monay loaned to the Government will
be used to pay pensions, take care of
dependemts, 20.000 Canadian soldiers
in the hospital, promote voca-
tional training schools to teach new
trades to those unable to follow their
former vocations, open wp farms on

hersthurg, which pumps foree the raw
water to the fltration‘plant and from
the purification plant © the town.
The purification plint Wis built by
Brunner, Mond’ Canada, Litiited, from
the designs. of° Morris  Knowlos, of
Wiadear, Ort, and Plllsburg, Pn,
which gives - Amfterstburg the most
pure filtored water of Any municipal:
ity in the Dominion of Candga,

nable the Government to - extend
edit to Great Britain for the pur-
lage 6f*Cansdian farm products; Lo
provide an outlet for manufactured
goods, and prevent a laying off of
these working forces. This would

larl flect our border, which
particularly affe Tr Pr with

desizned to supply the commercial
stone for the industries and ronds
in this section of Ontario. * This crush-

for if the Canadian people fall to lend
{the momey to the Government. the
United States will loan it:and get or-
ders for manufactured products for
wn factories which should ¢ome
to Canada. Amherstburg has always
stood up loyally behind any patriotic
“dnterprise, and will no doubt go over
“the top In this loan with a rush.

   
  

 

 

carrylug ©

through ——
screen. the larger portions
No. 7 Worthington crusher

    
       
 
  

 

bins,

| In order
; slze stone
»

2 ation, throui

 

Er

      
    
  
 
 

The water pumping plang 1& situated |

              
      
   
        
      
  

ing plant is equipped with ux No. yp |of George Atkin
Worthington crusher where the stove! Elmer and Arthur

Is dumped from the quarry cars, each | months, who bad
yards, and passed )some time with-
crusher over a Lipey: aWiy :
going ajafternoon at:
and again }who

Construction Supt.; F. W. Haas, Pur-
chasing; H. M. Stancliff, Accounting;
A. U. Gunn, Master Mechanle.

Since the plant has gone into over
ation some of these men have already
gevered thelr connection with the
Company end gone on to other con:
struction work and new men have
come to take up the different linea of
operation so that lien the plant Ia
operating satisfactorily the personnal
will be: G. Norwood Comly. Manager:
J. ¢. Garrels, Asst. Manager; F. W.
fans, Purchasing; H. M. Stanctil,
Accounting; Wm. Cleary, Civil En:
gineer; A. U. Gunn, Master Mechanie,
and T. G. Barrington, Works Supt.
@G. S. Rutherford and A. L. Campbell
are to go to Hutchinson, Kansas, (0
take charge of the reconstruction and
operation of that plant, *»

The oMcers of the Conpany ara.
E. N. Trump, Syracuse, President; Sir
Edmund Walker, Toronto, Ont, Vice
President; A, H. Green, Detroit, Vice-
President and Managing Director;
Wallace Campbell, Syracuse, Secre-

tary.

 

WALDEN.

Late potatoes. nice clean stock, §1.60
a bushel, C. Clark, Harrow.

Reeve Robert Atkin is suffering
with a carbuucle oveF NIB right eYy®

Mr and Mrs. Scott, of Windsor, ¥i8-
{ted Sunday -with- John Crichton; at
Arner. 3 2

Car of, ont arrived to-day. J. W:
Gibb, rth and seeds, Phone 175, Am-
herstburg,

Mrs. Bede and son Arner. of New
York state, are visiting with Henry
Atkin and family.

The Molsons Bank has opened a
brapch of their bank in the Langis
residence, McGregor.

Rev. J. O. L. and Mrs, Spracklin,
of Sandwich, spent Monday and Tues-
day at the parsonage.

Redd The Echo ads., particularly
the Saturday specials, You cam save
many a dollar that way. -

Mr, and” Mrs. Fred. -Levack
grandson Leo, of Windsor, spent
week-end at Fred. Gerard's,

Thursday and Friday evenings, Rev.
A. E. Moorhouse, of Windsor, fs ex
pected to preach at Malden reviv al.

N. A. Marra is putting on a special
sale of grocerfes from thy 7th io the
15th, See his Advt. on page 2

A. R. Ferriss’ extensivz auction sale
will be-héld on’ Tuesday. N
11th. Liat in thisMgsue of The

Mr. and Mrs. Charles Thomms and

 

and
the

  

son Leonard, of Detroit, were week:
end visitors with his brother. Fred.
Thomas . :

Larne Fuffman, of Windsor, rotari:

 

ed home Sicurday after sy
week with his cousins, Ainslie
and Kenneth jtegardson

Carl” scuttles, serockery, granite-
ware, kitchen hardware, chinm and
cut glass in great variety, at C. C:
Kemp's, Murra) street, Amherst burg.

Mission Band of Malden Methodist
church meets in the basement Situr-
day afternoon. Contributions for the
Christmas box will be recelvasd with
(hanks.

“she regular meeting of tie Young

Sellars

i People's. Bibie Classes has heen most

poned until the 14th inst owing to
the services beiny neld in the Math.
odist church, :

Sunday, November 16th, anniversary
gervices in Malden Methodist church.
Speaker for the day, Rev. H. A, Gra.
ham, B.D... of Walkerville, chairman |
of the district. 3

Mrs. Fannie: McCormick aad ‘daugh,
ter were the guests of Mr. and. Mra:
C. W. Braun on Saturday La3it MT.
and Mrs. Collier Hun! weg. jie ghesis
of Mr. and: Mrs. C. W. Brliun, Sunday

The quilting for the bale will’ be
held in the basement of -the Method(st
church on Wednesday afternoon. next,
November 12th. All jadigs interested
in this work.are ufged fo come and
help the W. M.S.

Louis Barron. i& moving to Amherst.
birg whéra he has purchased Mrs.
Jullen Deslippe's place. My. Barron
gold his farm on the  Gravel¥ Road to
James Arquette, whose son, Raymond.
willloccupy it. The price paid was
$7.000.

 

Malden Methodist church: services.’

on Sunday: 10 a.m Sunday schaol
and Bible cjdsses; 11 a.m. subject:
“The Stewardship of Lite"; 7.30 p.m,
spacidl service’ for young men and
women, subject: “Investments.” ‘Rev.
‘A. L. Spracklin; pastor.

R. & E. Langlois shipped two Duroc
Jersey boars, this week. one to James
Begg, of St. Thomas, who: was: judge
of swine-at Harrow Fair, and the other
to Charles. S.* Jenner, = of Charlag
Cross. This goes to show what Kjnd
of stock these boys are raising,

Herbert Richardson, of Harrow, has
purchased from Mrs. I. C. Gibb her
50-acre,farm on the Middle Side Road,
and will take possesion’ the first of
the year, when Mrs, Gibb. wil” move
to Amherstburg. This 13. a splendid
farm. and. was formerly owned by
Charles Sellars. . 4

The Ladies’ Aid and. W. M.S. will
be entertained by Mrs. Robert: Atkin,
Mrs. Wilburn Beetham and fre. Chas.
Beetham at «the home of Mrs.
Robert Atkin on: Wednesday: aftar-
noon; November 19. one week later
than usual, - A hearty invitation is ex-
terded to all ladies to. came and enjoy
the splendid program and: social time.

During the “past couplé of’ months
the toyncll has been ealled wpon to
pay out a large amount of money us
compensation gto owners: for sheep

killed’ by dogs. The last flopk slaugh-
tered was Timothy Kelly's, “The dog
was: seen by ono of tha bogs and fol-
4 It has since been
Killed; and as there. have been no,
further attacks, on sheep, no doubt jt

lowed! ta. town. 4

   
 
      
   

was the dog guilty of the daniage.

aveside in Bose MIN cemetery,

 

borne by, six nepl
snd Maurice Atkin, - sons of Bnbe
thin; Mark and Frank Atkin,

Parks,

 
  
 
 
 
 
   
   

heart troubl
t ag
o'clock.

suddenly

     

returning to the sizing screem, 3lliknown tarme born
| stone passing through. which Is ele-{ot y i,
vated to the sorting screens above the | ia poy

A

Sh

  

diz adorn

= Mourning relatives: amd friends ip
large numbers attended the funeral
, of” the Inte Albert: McGee on Saturday.

The Quarries, Jorated on Ihe second | Bev. 4. L. Spracklin, pastor Metio-
Concession St Fhe Sawablp of Ander is church. spoite wewy feelingly at,
on. which supp e . Ly oe | the: 8, and! i
don. which ups aha So zag hous id alse officiated at the
a most up-to-date. plant | where the remains were laid to rest
Fred, Walter Canadp has In her fisheries the action
rt of the Canadian Fisheries An
sons In setting apart one day of the year
aged 66 years a Fil a

3 appropriate one. Th

been suffering for day, November Ih Armition Taos

3, Billy
{
was one of the townahip's #4

 

  
 
   

 

     
    
  
 
  

 

:

 

announce the opening of a Branch at Harro,,
in the premises of J. H. Madill. :

 

We give special attertion to Farmers' accounts
“= and solicit your Savings Business,

Capital Paid Up and Reserve Fund, $13,500,000
Total Assets, $10,008,000

 

 

While the attendance at the John
Dowler salo on Monday was not very
| jarge, it was a buying Crow +, and
| Charles Clark, who had to ply: a lone | 8 bushel, C. Clark, Harroy
hand on account of the illness of hiy| Car of cement arrived to-q
| partner, George Atkin, made things | GIbb, grain and seeds, Prion
Jum with a line of talk which would | herstburg.
{ have got by in any cliy selesmen’s The Molsous Bank has opened
conference. The proceeds aggregated branch of thefr bank in the La
{ pearly $2,000. Mr. and Mrs. Dowler | residence, McGregor. - * angh
wil) hurry their final preparations for Miss Myrtle Thrasher ro
mowing to Amberstburg, Priday - after spending a
Tie home of Mr. and Mrs, C. W, her aunt in Sandwich.
Braud, “Willow Hill", was tie scene Mr. and Mrs. J. Tofflem|
of a wery pleasant gathering on Sat- the funeral of the late BE
{ grdlay, when a number of Detrok of Malden on Sunday.
| friends came fn on a surprise Among Read The Echo ads. particyls
those present were Besgle Paul, Iva the Saturday speclals. You can oe
Wilkins, Catherine Cronin. Dorothy |Mmany a dollar that way.
{ Boussuirre, Lilllan Dreen. Gerirnde N. A. Marra {8 putting op
Brennan and Hazet Hunt, John urna sale of groceries from the
cott, Ivan Dawson, Carl Lyone, Willard } 16th. See his Advt. on pig:

Brennan, Russell Hunt and Roy Hunt. | A. R. Ferriss’ extensive
will Le held on Tuesday

Late potatoes, nice clean sigey. $160

ay. Jw
© IT, Am |

 

turned op
week with

re attended
Imer Parks,

 

! a gpecia)
ith 10 the

rn 9

auction sala
. November

{ Simday morning was spent in taking
a long hike, afterwards enjoying a de- 11th. - List fn this {ssue 5f The Echo,
[lightful dinner The Rev. H. A. Wright will preach

The Creek Road community turned’|at Trinity church on Sunday aften
out well to the mosaucraide pariy :o|Dnoon, being the 21st Sunday afte
the Union Sumiduy school. Monday Trinity.
night, and tho wg y epjoyed theme. A number of the friends of Law.
gelves. Costumes of mony Kinds were rence Power gathered at hig home ©
in evidence, inoluding that »f ::haries | Saturday evening. prior to lis attend.
Brush; who aiticc? a colored mar, Ing Assimption College;
occupied the fair and conducted the Coal scuttles, crockery,
program, which was snappy and very | Ware, kitphen hardware, ¢
enjoyable, During tiie cvening ¥ WW cut Blass "In great variety, at ‘C, C.
Haas, Chairma: of tan District , Vie] Kemp's, Murray street, Amherstburg

Loan Commis ¢2 motored Mme In spite of the Inclemancy of the
nds to the social, and short aa-| weather, quite a number attended ths

   
  
  
 

Kranfte.
china: and

    
 

 

 

 

dre s on the "Victory Loan were Masquerade party at the hall Friday
made: by Messrs, Haas and’ Morton. [eVeéning. The proceeds amounted t

 

Mr. Cunningham contributing a reci- $7.70.

tation and two kiltles giving selections | A meetifig-of the United Parmer J
on the bag pipes, which were a mueh | Will be held “in St. Jean the Baptist” §
appreciated’ addition to the regular | Hall: Loiselleville, on Saturday night,
program. A. very tasty lunch was November Sth. All © members are
served by the ladies. The Sunday{urged to attend. i
school treasury was enriched $13 by [n spite ofthe bad weather Friday,

| the enterprise. there was: a good attendance at P,

a CE —. tt Souligny’s salé and the proceeds? ra;
MceGREGOR. up Epi] Souligny is getting
Same - his affairs straighteaed up and expects. |
A dance will be given at George Ce-|to' m :
cile's on the evening of Wednesday, or OFS 10. AT erETOUrS fof tidied
November 12th, Miss CAus
Mrs. Joseph Lafond, of Ford City; / pifs¥ at a prAna pid
is visiting Her son, Chartes: Berth-{ school FridAy afternoon. The pupils
jayme, and’ her daughter. had tastily decorated the room: with
MtGregor branch of the Molsons prettliy colored’ paper chalos and lage
Bank will open’ on arrival” of. trativt terns, frults, vegetables and branches.
from Amherstburg, and close at 1:45] A happy, ‘funny time was spent by all
p.m, for the present. fe oo Crark &- Atkix: conducted a very
GOSFIELD SOUTH. successful sale for Lorne Singsas.
Wednesday, the proceeds amounting’
New California. to $3,477:69. Several cows brought
Mr. and’ Mrs, Wm, Huffman: and/|DIg prices. one going up to: $151 Mr.
family. of ‘Colchester South; spent Stm. | CIATK" déclared! it to be: one of the
diy with Mrs. SP: Wigle and familys] cleanest Sgales lhe evér officiated at

—iMrs. M. Abbott and two. children | Mr. Sinasac:has: decided to: give uw
‘a moth | farming and take a position withthe
: ,

{

 

   
    
     
     
     
      
    
    
   
     

1 spent Sunday. with the former

ar.! Mrs, Butler, ssetjon road.—»Mps. | Brunner. Mond. Aa
W. Miller, Misses Priscilla and *Bea.| The lidies of Trinity cliurch are®

trice Miller and” Wilfred Miller spent be congratulated on the bountiful sup
Sunday with Mr. and Mrs. Orlando {Per provided by them ox: Monday,
Wigle—Mr, and Mrs. Sam, Siverns,|¢vening in" the Patrons’ Hall. . The
of Kingsville, spent Sunday witli Mr, |PTogram {ollowing the supper consist |
and Mrs; Charles: Moofe—Mt. and {©d Of songs and musical selcctions by
Mrs. Bdgar ler, of Highland Park, [John Holeén: and Miss Holden, aad:
Mich., were calling on relatives here|8ddresses by Rev. F. Hughes, Rev.
on Sunday before leaving for Florida, | H- AL WHght:and Mr. Wharton The:
whera'thiey will spend the winter.— jNational Anthem concluded a-verss
Mrs. Benjamin Goslin is very {ll with pleasant evening:
pneumonia-at the home of her daugh-| At.a dinmer party given Saturday
ter, Mrs: George Giffin; Kingsyille— | evemng im the Hotel Pontchartrain.
The Women's Missionary Society met | Detroit the. engagement: of Miss Eves
yesterday (Thursday) at the home of McKee, daughter of Mr. and, Mm
Mrs. Lambert P. Wile Sidney Ab. | Richard’ €. McKee, off Sandwich, ud!
bott is moying to Kingsville, where [Robert W. Blair was fnnotnced. The:
he hag position atthe Farmers’ efe-| Wedding: was: quietly golomnized Wed-2
vator—Robert Lyons has Commune | estar” afterimon at 5 o'lock in they
construction on a fine dwelling House { clfurch liome of the Firat Presbyterian:

on his farm in thie second concession: | church, Det Among those Wh

—Mr. and Mrs: 0. Allen and’ family(JFitnessed tha

spent Sunday with the former's uncle, M3. W. A. Bolling, formerly 0

rémopy were Dr. ao
t Wash
David Crawford, who passed away on

ington, hot now making heir home
Tuestiny.~Mr. and Mrs. Art. Allen |!N Detroit. Dr. Bolling is a brotha
spent Monday in the city,

cf i of Mrs. Woodrow. Wilson. Mr. beri!
ColcHester- South: Council:.

  

  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
  

 

 

 
   

 
  

 
   
 
   
    
   
  
 
  

  

{s welll Known in Washington, hs
at one time been connected with
treasury ¢epartment. and during
war period was commanding office
Camp -Mbigh. Before discharged Hos
the service he was n major Ine
were| Motor tramsport corps. Before
war activities. ho Was chief depuly a

/

 
 

   
    
     
       
   
           
         
 
  

 

Monday, November 3rd?
Council met ‘fn’ regular session: wiht
all members present.
The minutes-of last meeting
rend. ’
Mbyed by. Messrsi Derlippe and Hal- | nfemativnal revenumat Richmond.
stead, that Me minutes be adopted as * Loiselleville. io
read:—Carried: The: first Victory Loan mestii
The following accounts were: passed: |thistcampalgn was; beld in the
$50 to Gordon Ulch, for sheep. killed | BOIL an Tuesday cyening with FW
by dbgs; $150 to John Arner, for, valy- | Hues: in the chair Addresses Su
: madi: by Mr. Hang and Dr. Par. a

lug sheep; $40 too W. J. Anderson, ad-
vince on Potlake Road drain contract; [Mierstburg; Mr. Lia Brosse, Mr. SasmEt
{" Windsor. andi Fr. Loiselld” walls:

$358.15 to. Edwity Wright, to or | ©

io on’ roads; tod. HL ALL 16, Win, - Woollatt: we songs and Jb
¥ for hauling tile and’ gravel on|Clnningham gave a recitallom

Potlake Rond drain; $7.50 tr Gordopr| Meeting was oni fairly ail

Hughson, to pay for work om. roads: |t10%e present: were much tek

$10 to John MeLean, damage allow-|and purchased) a good sized

J

  

          
        
   

   

    

 

   
   

 

Bt
i
led
of

      

  

     

     

   

        
    
 
       
        

ance on Quick © drain; $20 to Johm(2ondss ;
Stautfer, for work on 6th Con. road; | The Molsone Bank has gr
$3 to, Wim AffTeck, loo alter Cop-| brBnch of their bank in: the LOE
ter Side Road; $7.50 to ‘Hughsom, | residence, MixGregor.

 

work = lockup. ;
‘Moved hy Messrs. ~) 5 OE TRO RIENOR
pp oved by Messrs. Bondy and Deo. CHAPPELL'S PROPRIETOR

 

 

great asset

Me.
North Essex |
Chap,
night 1s
Trumble,
the A
fled ©
court,
fred:

00

= has been so set apart, and efferts are

Being made to- have used and es-

 

 

 

       
 
     

He the deairabl 3 hb
Ag a atly uf the general use of

lowing Canada’s
Mrs.

createst Baturar’;
“are her faherles, tural

One of |

 
 
