 
     

 
 
  
      
      
   
 
     
    
    
 
     
   
   
     
     
     
  
   

 
  
  
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
     
  

 
 
   

SCHEDULE “B”.

 

.-. -
icipality of
Munic pa the * Town of Amhersthurg. to thecapital invested, the service rendered; th vomparative fevenus derived

An
nd allother equitable conditions

KINGSVILLE.
Miss Malsle Wigle, of Niagara

Falls, N.Y, [8 spending a few d

at the home of her aunt, Mrs, B. KE

Harris. 2 Fi

Total amount of
debentures to be ls
gued by respective
Municipalities for de-
NAME OF, MUNICIPAL a ey

(¢) To ma x
ake no agreement or arrangement with, and to grant no bonus,
y

By-Law No pr : Heense or other Inducem
: V coment to any other rajlway or transportation company

with \
So tho written consent of the Comniisslon;
( To kee ROFYA g :
0 kpop, observe and perform the covenants, provisos and condl-

  
  

 

 

 
 
  
 
  

A BY-LAW to authorize a certaln agreement made between The Hyd E
ydro-Elec- |

 
  
      
   
  
    
  

 
 
  
 
  
 

  
   
  
  
 
   
   
     
     
  
    
  
  
 
    

 

    

         
     
     
 
 

 

  
 
        
    
     
    
    
     
    
   
 
  
 
 
    
   
       
   
  
 
 
  
      

 

 

 

     

 
 
  

 
 
  
   

 

  

  

      
 

 
    
  

   
 
   
  
 

   
  
  
  
  
   
 
     
   
     
        
       
    
  

   

 

 
   
      

 

 
  
 
       
  
 
  
     
      
    

  

  
 
      

 
  

     
  
   
 
   

    

 
      
   

  
 
     
  

  
      
       
      
 
  

    
    
 

 

 
  
 

     
      
  

 

    
  
    
 
   
      
     
 

  
 

    
   
  
    
  
 
   
  
     
 
  
  
   
    
  
 
  
     
  
    
 
 
  
  
 
   
  

    
   

       
  
 

   

 
   
   

 
 

     
   
 

   
    
  
   
   
   

      
    
     
      
    

  

     
      

 

    

  
 
       
     
  
 

    
   
 
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
 
  
  
 

   

             
      
     
        
        
   
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
   
  
     
     
    
  

 

   
   
  

   
    
 

 

 

    

  
  
  
 
    
        

 
 

       
  
   
   
 

 

 

 

  
  

            
        
 
     
   
    

       

tric Power Commission of Ontar i p. " :
I fii lo and the Municipal Corporation of the tins t forth In this agreoment intended
Town of Amherstburg, and other Municipal Corporations, f ¢ | perforned by the corporations, and fed tn bal kent aud observed a CORP
i 4 dail H, '] Xa o 2
struction, acquisition, equipment and operatio » for the con- | docum ols and to pass such by-laws { execute puch further or other]... JRPORATION, Cluuse 2 (b) Howard Stockwell has sold his farm
: n of an Electric R nfesior fo 5 a8 may be requested by the Com- Township of Sandwich East $200. G85 on third
| under “The Hydro-Electric Railway Act, 1914,” c Railway |" r the purpose of fully effectuati PNA E COM [hr A DBT SANAWICH WEL, +o tienes ates sss rnssn dats sade $201.685 I third concession to Broils Grefn
. y Act, 1914," and amendments thereto, | PL: ctuating the objects and intent of this Tous ip: ! Sandwich WEL scien rss . ¢ C51 B70 of Leamington, - for $16,000. Mr.
: wherehs it 18 expedient that the Corporation of the Tow : ,(e) To furnish a free right of way for ti ry : Hship 0 Anderdon. ...... : .. 143,686 Green will sell the place again, :
. nd other Municipal Corporations should enter 10 Town of Amherstburg | AN€8 of the Commission over any y for the railway and for the pawer| WD of Ford City...... 64.682 monroe Wigle, who has been af
my a Hinetric Rallway Act, 1914,” and nter into an agreement under “The (4° Tequested by the Cor i any property of the corporations upon helng Town of Walkerville... .... ...coeivenieiunss : ties sl3 Dror Jie, who has De af
Bl (rio Power Commission of Ont ; amendments thereto, with the Hydro. | ©" agreement ith yo #slon, and to execute such conveyance thereof TOWN 100 SADAWICIY, |. ov cess ca viss@B atdinw rv vs emesis nas» i, 262,173 llome here on Friday last, m x im:
(or the construction, acquisition, a matuar called" the - Commis 4, It shall be lawrul hh Ay be desired by the Commission. own I 5 eo SE rune. 44.616 proved in health en
4 2 A : nt and operat| ( : TE ; ! @ Commission is here re DRI ah ATOR LHR vs ed ij oor 1 4
Jaflwny in and through the Municpajity of the Town of Am an Blectrde | 70 (UIE 10 be created an fssue of bonds, and to Dy ey a Clty of rid ; Ln te 300,81 WoL Famiomles, Who was nots
: cortain other Municipalities upon the terms and condit  Auherstburg, and | 1 Behalf of the corporations. Such bonds to be charged upon se pis ee ER See were 746,132 Nip the Alex, Suscadden party, sue-
) FOV itions and subjec 1y the railway, o 5 + ARR i o ae Car ; Te
y 1h provisions get forth and contained in the Agreement set out 2 ect to : way, ind all the . assets, rights, privileges, revenues, . works Total amount of bonds to be issued mentioned in Clause(3 EE RE pi 3 Tack bear to his
' iw, and according to the’ routes set forth SoTeTik Bal outin tily By fy ] nd effects belonging. thereto or he \ / : AAMAGES er $2,100.00 , raed Tome the atten
aman in Schedile “A® to the safq| ne railway constructed, acquired, of i) Nel) of ated in connection with part of last week. 5
. Are ont. . sal slo ar this torad , operated an maintained by” the Com: Mra. R. GQ, §
; And Whereis fhe estimated cost of the work under the>dulil Agree 5 ea ov ils agreement, and to be for the total amounts mentioned in Doratly, who Search and daughter
: 4 $2,100,000.00; an whereas the portion of the cost of the. © Agreement | Lol reto attached; provided thay the Commission may, upon three months’ visit’ at Cal y on a
} Al iio? ol Sprien ot he line to be borne by the Coon avon, se the a rl or defined of the majority of the corporations othéy points in the west with rela-
i \tunicipality of the Town of Amherstburg fs estimaic sarporatin of the 0s 10 said bond: issue by any amount necessary NOY, 9,
ey - ; 4 (Lf ate $126.86 K wagt of extending Oo essary to cover the capital tives, returned home here on Wed-
, cut in Schedule “B” to the sald Agraonie lated at $126,867.00, as set | ding the railway, and may also w 0 el %
4 4 ent, subject 10 adjustments the said I Sonn AVR y also without such consent increase ! nesdny of last week. i
\ apportionment between the Corporations by the Comn to ust nts and |, i fond Fsus to cover the cost of additional works or equipment of The Hydre-Blectric Power Commission W. B. Clifford and his sister, M ; po
! ANT § provided by the sald Agreement; ission from. time “to | yu AT Sr ise Ba the railway to an’ extent not exceeding ten per cent. of Ontario Windle J. Wigle, left Wedtosday x
. And whereas the; total amount estimated to he required for gf Sie Buchs I Ria ssued from timo-t0. time. In order to mestimnd pay |Z © FT RT EEE seers esuonenust og ah ae oF morning for Florida. They will be © :
. co of the rallway, apart from operating expenses, la $124.( pg. main- | on shall W Interest as the same becomes due and payable the Com. Chalrman absent for several weeks. They will
+’ operating revenue being estimated at $491,000.00), and oper 2 01.000.00 (the [or tie Isbue In each year after the expiration of ten years from lic data). i ~The Eee ae ete Eee wa Ra a ors | &0 all the way by autoy but return bv
. nuance at $339,000.00. » dndioperation and main-| oo ran) of the bonds out of the revenue of the railway after payments Socretary ts {| trim, ' ud
3 And whereas the total annual amount estimated to be required for t ; fi Ea 5 oe n NS luding clectrical power) and the cost of adminis NOTICE. Charles White, corner of 2nd can
. of ton years immediately following the date of issue of thn Ber o the per- | 0 oming the Suhel nt sum to provide a sinking fund for the purpose TAKE NOTICE that the foregoing {8 a true copy of a propused’ Bylaw Hla slderood, exchanged
J od under the sald agreement for interest on the sald Bonds dg= 2 ot Lin complia BI nan al aturiey: Debentures Issued. by the corporations | Of the Corporation of the Town of Amherstburg to be submitted to the: votes ity with a Leamineton
: | for ginking fund charges fs $18,490.00, and for period ; 0,7 Ut anv ee 30.2 (b) hereof, shall, to the extent of the par value of tlie electors on the sixth day of December, A.D. 1919, between: tie lous Ix ncde plot oh Leaming.
J wing the said ten-year period for interest is § 5.00 ( n trust fe a Himate dime be held or disposed of by the | of nine o'clock In the forenoon and five o'clock In-the afternoon at the: fol- | OR 5 de road south, >
. 1 is $21,000.00, and for the period of ten years fc puyment - thereof It id hs agiders of susl bonds as collateral security for | lowing places: — C. A. Quick, who has becn in the
r period for interest 1a $12,550.00 and for sinking fund is pte hat understood and agreed that in the event. of any In Ward 1, at the old Si, W. & A. waiting room, Ramsay Street, nortly for some weeks hunting arrived
and whereas the portion to be borne by the Yoln: 1) the Commission™ de ond jesus) eich corporation shall, upon the request of In Ward 2, at the Town Hall, Apsley Street, (home here Sunday evening last. The
Amherstburg of the sald annual amounts ih 2 y deser bed! n clause x (hy ith the Commission additional debentures as In Ward 2, at the old Bell Telephone building, corner of Ritlimond and | hunting was rather poor but Mr.
ntenntce, sinking fund charges and Inter : Ipay tion as collitarall seer] ercof, to be held or disposed of by the Commis- Dalliousle Streets, ; Quick got a deer and alao paves bear
Ile fiTet tem years as aforesaid, and for the next following t 2% 3 SL such Increase of the sald bond issue, and that And’ that the fifth day of December, A.D. 1919, at two ofeloek fn tha after. | considerable’ cold lead, but: He got
148.83 and thereafter at $9,005.15, on the same | owing thirty y SE Ena a : Commission in. excess of the-par value of the | noon at the Town Hall in thé sald Municipality has been fixed’ for the appoint. | AWaY from him. -
cost of construction and equipment 1S ord 25g iAs Lug, por ily Bg he 1d; rom time to time may be held or disposed of by the | ment of persons {0 attend at the polling places and at tite final summing up Gordon P. Fox, Division street
| apportionment between the Corporatie 2 z Sahin subject 10 adjustments [+ Sh o secure payment of any deficit arising from the operation of of the votes by:the Clerk. i : gouth, and George Hardy, corner Me-
ime as provided by the said ER 8 by tho Commission from. time] = Dios Es : And that if the assent of the electors is obtained. to the said proposed Loan and Division, streets, have ex-
And whereas the amount of the Ww lei rateable 1 - taking ofl oe event of the.revenue derived from the operation of the under- Bvlaw it will be taken into consideration by the Municipal Council’ of {le | clinmged homes. "The, deal” has bee”
n according to the last revised Abs rateubla property. of: the Corpor. a insufficient in any year to mest tho operating cxpensds (includ- | 8aid’ Corporation at a meeting thereof to be held after the expiration of one completed and moving operations will
junt of the debenture debt of oP essment Roll Is $1,072,451.00, and. the'l'p och al power), the cost of administration and the annual charges | month from the dite of the first publication of this notice, and thar such first take place in a few dayb. § i
a ators gb) 2 the Corporation Is § of which |'F Shit ross and sinking fund onthe bonds, and for the renewal of any publication was made on the fourteenth day of November, A.D. 1919. On Thursday, November Gth, 1919,
A ie a > go) D arrears: ; Works pelonging in whole or in part to the railway, such deficit shall be And further take notice that a tenant who desires to vote upon sald J. L. Collis, of thls town, wns united -
_ Thorelofe thie Mus loa ouncil of the Corporation of the Town of Am. |P4d to the Commission by the corporations upon demand of and" in the | proposed By-law must deliver to the Clerk not later than the tenth dny before |i marriage to Mrs. Matilda Cowan,
: i bars 3.3 poo st ’ : =f os : proportion adjusted by the « ommission. In the event of the failure of] the day appointed for taking the votes a declaration under The Canada Evi of Detroit, formerly of Kingsville.
FAL 8 ful for the Corporation of the Town of Amherstburg any. corporation to pay its sharo of such a deficit as adjusted by tiie Com- dence Act tliat he I a tenant whose lense extends for the time for which Rev. Dr, Crewes , tied the .knot at
| the anid Corporation Is here by au orized to enter into the followl mission, It shall bo lawful for the Commission in the manner provided in the debt or liability is to be created or in mhich the money to. be radsed by @entral - Methodist church, Windsor.
| ement with the Hydro-Electric Power Commission of Ontario and other clauses: (b) to dispose of debentures held by the Commission as security the proposed By-law is payable or for at least twenty-one years and that he | Mr. and Mrs. Collis” will fiva in De.’
rporations, the said agreement being liereby incorporated into and forming sor any such’ deficit. Any arrears by any corporation shall bear juterest at has by the lease covenanted to pay all Municipal Taxes in respect of the jIroit at 1005 Gallagher: street:
part of this By-law, and the Mayor and*Clerk of the Corporation are, hereby the legal rate. z property of which he is tenant. other than local improvement rites. a
ihorized and directed to execute the said agreement upon behall™of this 5. Should any corporation fail to perform any of the obligations to the W. A. McCQRMICK.
rporation and to attach the seal of the Corporation ther Commissfon under this agreement, the Commigsion may, In addition to all Clerk WINDSOR MELONS PAY
ath 1 ’
Made, passed and enteral ths oso s daviof 19 other remedies and without notice, discontinue the seryfce of the rallway: DUTY -ON RETURN TRIP
YOR Some crs gaara Tas . to such. corporation in default until the said obligatipf” hus Been fulfilled, ; 3 id is rs bo re Sgt) Americal St les BI d for Bi
1 yles ame ig
eferfoefeeofesfooteefestoetsafsnfrafeeforferfosfrnfertociocieciesfosfoofesferfeafirlactuddosfectiadredoadeed Prices at H.:C. of L.;Probe in

11 relieve thgfcorporation in default
provisos Zand conditions herein

   

and no such discontinuance of service
from the performance of the covena

contained.
6. In case the Commission shall at any time or times be prevented from

railway or any part thereof by strike, lockout, riot, fire,
, act of God, or the King's enemies, or any other cause
nd its control, then the Commission shall not be bound. to

Border City,

   

 

 

On informal inguiry into the high
cost of living on the border was open-
ed at the city hail, Windsor, ‘ last
week by. Commissioner. James Mur-
dock, acting as Dominion Government

       

  

HALSEY PARK

AGREEMENT HEREINBEFORE REFRRED TO.

 

     
          
     
  
        
       
     
       
      
          

  
 
  

  

This indenture made the ............ AY OF oso sivs Ts viviviainivivw vim viein in I
ear of our Lord, one thousand nine hundred and operate, the rallway or such part thereof during such time; but the cor- >
y porations all not be relieved from any lability or payment under this
5 Arne oF such njorranson. x removed the JEWELER & OPTICIAN A
nd as

   

and as soon ‘a
shall, without any delay, continue full operation of the rall-
ind each of the corporations shall be prompt and diligent in doing WRAY move dre ekealed lo taf] why;

and overcome any such cause or causes

an
THE HYDRO-ELECTRIC POWER COMMISSION OF ONTARIO (here

{ter called the “‘Commissign”) of the First Part,
and

 

t,

 

ASTeemc
Comm]
way,
everything in its power to. remove

éf interruption. .
7. It shall be lawful for, and the éorporations hereby authorize the Com-

mjgsfon-to unite the business of the railway with that of any othar railway
gystem ops rated in whole or In part by. the Commission, and to exchange
fequipment and operators from, one system to the other, proper provision
heing made so that each system shall pay Its proportionate share of the
cost of any equipment used in common. i

8. It at any time any other munfefpal corporation applies to toe Com-
mission for an extension of the railway Into its municipality the Com-
mission shall notify the applicant and the corporations, in writing, of a
time and place to hear all representations that may be made as to-tha terms
and conditions relating ‘to such proposed extension. If, on the recommenda-
jon of the Commission, such extension shall be “authorized, . witnouz dis-
crimination in favor of the applicant, as to the cost incurred or to be incurred
for or by reason of any such extension, the Commission may extend the
railway upon such terms and conditions as may appear equitable: to the
Commission, . r
. No such application for an extension of the railway into any muni-
cipality the corporation of which is not :a party to this agreement shall
pe granted If it is estimated by the Commisson that the cost of service
of the railway to the corporations parties hereto. will be hereby Increased
and the revenue and accommodation be injuriously affegted without the
written consent of the majority of the corporations partids heratb. =

9, The consent of any corporation required under this ageement shail
ent of the council of such corporation, such consent being
duly passed by’ the council of the

§
in thelr opinion, it costs more money §
to live in. Windsor than it does im 4
Interior Canadian cities. 5
\, The feature of the afternoon's ses- 4
dfon was the declaration by one wit. oF

:

 
  

     

   
  

AMHERSTBURG - 5 ONTARIO

CS —— A w a ———————————,

“Something About Our Stock”

This has been a record year for scarcity of stock,
owing to high cost of materials, scarcity" of expert
workmen and excise’ tax, all combining to materially
increase the cost of high class goods of evsry variety
and also decrease production. By ordering early
and heavily, however: | have succeeded in securing
the largest assortment of fine goods ever offered in
Amherstburg and am in position. to. supply every a =
ordinary demand with geods now in stock and qur|Fwc all the, rumsellors ing

( . —— wa o # wip
stock will be considerably increased iin the near] Georse H. Tm, grocer) fold about
future. : : 2

 

: The Municipal Corporation of the Township of Sandwich East. the Town
ip of Sandwich West, the Township of Anderdon, the Town of Ford City.
& Town of Walkerville, the Town of Sandwich, the Town af Ojibway, the
ywn of Amh@rstburg, and the City of Windsor, (hereinafter called the “Cor-

rations”) of the Second Part.
Whereas pursuant to the Hydro-Rlectric Rallway Act, 1914, and amend:
Lents” thereto the Commission 18 requested to Inquire into, examine,

,Javestigate and report upon the, cost. of construction and. operation of an

lectric rallway or, rallways to be constructed through certain districts in

which the corporations are situated, together with the probable revenue that
would result from the operation of such raflway or rallways;

| And" whereas the Commission has furnished the corporations with sucn

A report showing (1) the total estimated cost. operating revenue and

expenses of the railway or railways, and (2) the proportion of the

apital cost to be borne by each of the corporations as set forth in schedule

B" attached hereto;

And whereas on receipt of the said report the corporations requested
18 Commission to construct, equip and operate a system of electric rail
~ays (hereinafter called the-rallway) over thé routes laid down In schedule
A" attached hereto, upon the terms and conditions and in the manner here-

in set forth; . §
or. And whereps the Commission -has agreed with the corporations - on
y hehalf of the corporations to construct, equip and opgrate the railway upon
manner herein “set forth’; but upon

the terms~and conditions and In the
the express conditions® that the Commission shall not fn any way be liable

| by reason of any errar or omission In any estimates, pliins or specifications

for Any finoncial or other obligatiow or loss whatsoever by virtue of this
arising out of the performance of the terms thereof;

nass, A. B, Peddie, dry. goods mer-
chant, that “advanged™ Detroit styles
wore to a largs extent responsible
for higher prices on this side of tha
river. Women of Windsor cross to.
Dotrolt, see in the shops these styles
not easily hod in €anadn, and then
come home unwilling 10 accept tha ° EE
homegrown variety, As a result, ~~ © BH
Windsor merchants are: compelled to | a
stock up with these American styles,
duty on these in some instances being
as high as 42% per cent. Just as =
fashionable stuff can be bad here, the is
witness declared, -~but the “merry 3
wives of Windsor” insist on  Detrojt 3
madels, pd ; :
Another witness, A. M. Sclanders,
told. Commissioner ~ Murdock that #8
“Fashion! fakjra- and: = dressmakers

    
   
    
    
    
     
        
   
         

 
  
 

  
  

   
 
  

        

   
 
  

    
 

   
   
   
     

    
  
   
       
 

  
  
      

   
 

    
  
    
   
    
           
      
      
     

       
 
 
   
  
 
   
     
      

 
     
  
 

  
  
   

  
    
 

     

ntean. the cons !
in thé form of a Municipal by-law

corporation. i x
10. The Commission shall, at least annually, adjust and apportion between

{he corporations the cost of construction, equipment, operation, -interast,
cost of renewing the property of the railway.

 
 
     
   
   
    
    
    
   
    
     
   
     
   
   
   
 
  
   
  

  
 

the garden truck business in detail, +
and his revelations were interesting,
even to some local men who were un. ,
aware that melons grown on this side

  
    
   

    
      
    
     
    
  
   
     
    
   
 
 
     
       
   

 
     
   

         
  

 

 

  
   

agreament or R

And whereas the electors of each of the corporiitions have asgented | sinking fond, and also the

10 by-laws authorizing the corporations to enter into this agreement ig 11. Every railway and all the works, property and effects held and used | =s——— : EE
{he Commission for the censtruction, equipment and operation of the rail fy, apnection therewith, constructed, acquired, operated and maintained by : pe — were shipped. to Detroit duty free, .
the: Commission under this agreement and the sald Act ghall be vested in| : 2 @ } } then repurchased by Windsor gro.

\ 4 VA TAM \ cors, who have to pay'n duty of three = 8

ubject to the following terms and

  

Sm - WAT C
q . n Hg ‘cents on eath melon. “Remove the =
Detroit market and prices in Wind.
sor will drop at once,” seemed to Sa
the opinion of the majority of wit: .
nesses, No one, howeyer, seemed
ready to explain: how, the Detroit
market could be “removed.” :

Ll ~~

—Christmas is only four weeks
away. - It falls on Thursday this year.
Now fs the time to'make your holiday’ = 5

bargains known: 3
% a

he Commission on behalf of the corporations; but the Commission shall be
ontitled to a lien upon the same for all money expended by the Commission

under thisagreement and not repaid. me

12." Each of the corporations covenants, and akrees with the other:

(a) 4, To carry out the agreements afd provisions herein contained:

(b) To eo-operate by all means in {ts power at all times with the Com-
mission to create the most favorable conditions for the carrying out of the
objects of the agreement and of the #nld Act, and to increase the revenue

of the railway and ensure jts success.
13. In the event of any difference

way as laid down in the sald schedule, §

cenditions; 3
And whereas the Corporations. have each
amounts set forth in Schedule “B"-attached hereto,
sald debentures with the Commission;
Now, therefore, this indenture witnesseth:— : og
I. In consideration of the premises and of the.agrcements of the cor-
porations herein contained, and subject’to the provisions of the sald g35
and amendments thereto, the Commissfon agrees with the , corporatipns
» ” ?

spectively: — :
" LH ro construct, equip and operate the railway through the distriots
in which the corporations are situte on behalf of the corporations;

(b) To construct and operate the rallway. over the routes laid down in

schedule “A”; re
@) To {ssue bonds, as provided in paragraph LE this agreement, to
cover the. cost of constructing and equipping the ra ay; :

- s moder and standard equip

» (d) , To furnish t-clags m ed

1 jpment s0 a8
nent for use on the r is equ 8 ; )
service and accommodation possible, having regard to the district served,

p d all other equitable con-
the of construction and equipment adopted an ! equi
eri wi ts exorcise all due skill and diligence so as to geaire, the oy
effective operation and service of the railway consistent with good manag

ments -
V(o) To regulate and fix the fares &

i lasses of service; : Sh
: go i SE the routes and property of.the railway, for all purposes
{ ¢ ble to obtain a profit. : =
4 rom which Jt ln Josie property and. works of the rallway and the power
)ines of the Commission where such combinatign 18 feasible and may prove
economical to both the railway and the users of the power Yes; PRET
(h) To permit and obtain Interchange of traffic with other railway

wherever possible and profitable;
(1) “To supply, electric power 0

rates consistent with those charged to mu

i L) In
: + gapital cOBIS and operating expens ys of 0
EG i hy (he railway in common with the Com-

sed . OTV
tus and plant W fair manner, having regard to tae servic

ission lines In ;
the expenditure under considerations of the railway and any

he revenue derived frou id
other revenue derived from the un artakin he Da Spating
fectrical power), the cost of admin
Ey Sadik Se sinking fond on the money invested, and such other
a as are herein provider Ul] ; aining an annual sum
0 To ‘#et e thereafter rem g

 
  
 
  
 
 
   

jssued debentures for’ the
and have deposited” the

     
  
      
    
         

   

 

 
 
    
  
   
        
        
         
    
  
       
      
   
   
      
  
   
  
  
 
  
   
 
  
    

between the corporations the Gom-
pilssiom may, upon application, fix a time and place to hear all*representa-
tions that may be made by the parties, and the Commission shall adjust |

such differences, and such adjustments shall be, final. The Commission
shall lave all the powers that may be conferred-upon a commissioner ap-

pointed under the Act Repecting Enquiries Concerning Public Matters,

14. 'Thissagreement shallcontinue and extend for a period of fifty years
from the date hereof, and at the expiration-thereof be subject to renewal,
with the consent of ‘the corporations from time to time for like «periods
of fifty years subject to adjustment and re-appointment as herein pro-
vided for the purposes of this agreement as though the terms -hereof had

LJ

; ) of thi ent the C SE goa I : x
not expired. At the expiration of “this prsymant vio Comision shill Diamonds and Fancy Stone Rings

determine and adjust the rights, of the corpora
med by then respectively. under the terms of this agree-

amounts pald or assu 2
ment, and such other considerations as may appear equitable to the Com- is y
Tlssion and are approved by tlie Lieutenant-Governor im’ Council. Ww ATCHES f GENTLEMEN th
15. 1t Is \inderstood and agreed, that the rates Inmiposed for the share of a or 3
«pe cost to be borne by those municipalities listed In Schedule “C” attached “g : # x
lrereto, shall be imposed upon the rateable property set forth respectively In ’ “WATCHES for LADIES
=

she sald schedule. :
16. This agreement shall not come into effect finti! it hasybeen sanctioned

by the Lisutenant-Governor-in Cotincll. #4 . =. = n
o Commission and the Corporations have respec- (Clocks and Jewelry mn Great Abundance

In witness whereof th
te seals and the hands of their proper officers,
: 3) :

«ively: afixed their corpora Tonio
pale + China, Cut Glass and Silverware

 
  

    
  

     

  
  
  
 
 

  
  
  
 

as far as possible firs
allway. to operate th

id

       
     
   
      

lie

 

nd rates of toll to be collected by *

      
 
 

     
     
  
  
 
   
  
 
 
  
    
     
    
     
   
    
 
  

 

  
     
 
    
   
   
 
 

 

  

  
    
 

 

r energy ‘for operation of the railway at

nicipal corporations;

   
   

   

 

  

  

 

 
 
   

a 3 .

SCHEDULE “A"

  
 
   
     
   
  
  
   

    

       

  

      
  
  

Routes.

  
 

  

TECUMSEH-FORD SECTION: ede ‘ 3
Leaving Tecumseh the line rns northerly along side the highway to;

Askin's Point on Lake St. Clair, where it turns due west along Lesperance
Road to Wolf's; private right of way fa then used to the end of Ottawa. Ave-
nue, and then along the asid avenue to the casterly limits of the Town of

ya § 3 R =

Ford City. Ma RI ay, . ix

FORD CITY SECTION: - ~~ : y Baw ow
From the easterly limits of ‘Ford City the line extends along Ottawa Ave-
nue, Strabane and Sandwlclt’ Streets to the westerly - limits. of the munjci-

pality.

ai

Don't think you can bay beer in Windsor or Detroit
“YOU CAN’T DO IT”
Our prices are as low as possible, consistent with good

gny revenu 3
Eady. works belonging in whole or in part to the under

for
taking; = Vari
y lo the carporations, it deemed advisblz BX

wm), To pay. over annuall ) yd av)

Gommiss! t ¢ the’ undertaking, any surp

ue 88 fon 1s the ag items above mentioned. The division of
fg Sof Commission on an

Tr
such’ surplus between the corpo Lon to tha capitel
d in the case of each corpori ved, and’ 0

Lo
; the purpose of constructing, equIPPINE nd

‘take active steps for after the execution

   
  
  
  

      
     
   
  
 
    
   
     
  

   
 
  
      
      
 
 
      
  
  
 
 
  

 
 

 
   
 
 
 
  
  

rations to be fixed by the

   
  
     

¥

   

Roi

       
     
    

  
 

  
   
 

 
   
 
 

. ble data
4 j ay at Mest} Joes le posit of ‘tlio debentures as WALKERVILLE SBOTION: ; : oss, + 5%
’ a ainuBe £\nd to commence operation of ead One line extends along Sandwich Street from the. easterly to aawent:
; ; erly limits of the Municipal A Mow lie ‘extends along Ottawa Street | Fl A}
A extonds -teom. the. Essex | 8

om iway described In schedule “A” | hetween Lincoln and Walker Roads.

from time to time. | Terminal Railway. tracks-at Walker Road, no
table from structed and | Horm Wyandotts to. the Biunicipal

 
 
  

 

{ any line of railway to ‘be con | nd
purchase, lease or obiar Oe 0 esthonly
mission may, street rallvay Al line extends portherly |

any steam railway,

mn,
“and that wherever
an atracting

m 0
