 
  
  

   
    

Mosquito and f1y

bites will not trouble you

* if you use Zam.Buk. This
i herbal balm ends the irritation,

draws out the poison and pre-
§ vents inflammation.

~~Zam-Buk Is also best for sun.
{ burn, heat rushes, blisters, sore
{ fcet, cuts and sll skin troubles,
| Kcepithandy atyour summer
| cottage as a “first ald” for all

fl injuries. Dragrin end Stoves, $0¢. bow,

LOOK !

Lightning Conductors!

Anyone. in need of
Repairs. or Work of

any Kind Write.
A. DEFOE,

209 ‘Hall Avenue,
Windsor, Ont.

OR

JOHN SCAIFE,

Essex, Ont.

Same will be At-
tended to at Once.

 

Notice to Creditors.

 

Montgomery, late of the Village of
Harrow. In the County of Essex, Black~
Smith, deceased.

EZ (8 hereby given, pursuant to
of the Trustee Act, that all
having claims or demands against
ate of the said Robert B. Montgom-

   
 
  
   
 

agp Jus BEER am a TN NTT Th dg Tr Wa BT The lew RE gal ET

ve ery, Who died on or about the First day of
1a I ¢, 1916, are required on or about
ir th day of June, 1919, to send by

repaid or deliver to K. 'W. Wright,
ir for the Administrator of the Es-

laims, against sald deceased,

And take noti¢e that after such last
nentioned date the said Administrator will
vd $0 distribute the assets of the sald
s%e1 among the parties entitled there-
10, havigg regard only 10 the claims of
which Im shall then have. notice.

KW. WRIGHT,
Parliament Bldgs, Toronto,

 
  

 
 

th day of June, 1019:

 

Notice to Creditors.

tate of, Sarah Jane

In the matter of the hore

Gallino, late of the Town
burg, in the County of Ei
. woman, deceased.

    
 
  
  

   
 

   
 
  

NOTICE 18 heréby give pursuant to
1 56.01 the Trusted S.0. 1014,
1”, that all creditors and ‘others
lafims or- demands against the es-

f the sald Sarah Jane Gallino, Who
r about the 14th day of April, 1019;
fired on or. berore the 20th day of
0, d by Dost prepaid OF de-
1a Me Kerby & Twigg, 211 Davis
¥, Windsor, ant., Solleitors for Alex-
galling, Admiarstrator of the es-
the safd dec d, their Christian
ind surnames, addres and de-
, and full particulars of thelr
i statement of their accounts, and
@ Of the securities, If any, held

\

take notice that after #such last
date, the sald Arministrator
1 to distribute tho assets of tha
od among the parties entitled
having regard only to the claims
)_he shall then have nutice, and
sald Administrator will not be liable
ald assets op.any part thereof to
, Or persons, of whose claim
not have been recelved by him
of such: distribution:

it Windsor this {4th day of Juno,

Ona
ha
tate
Aleit
are
Jil
lve
. Builg

 
  
  

   
 

 

 
  

   

  

   

     

KERBY & TWIGG,
Salicitors for Adminisirafor.

“A WOMAN'S SYMPATHY

Are ‘vou discouraged? Is your doc
or's bill a heavy financial load? Is

 

   
  
   
  
   
      
   
  
   
  
  
    
      
   
 
  
   
    
     
   
    
  
 
   
  
   

 

 

 

. Belng shown a bit this year, Most t f i :
jour pain a heavy physical burton? Ardaghy, Gh ible tow, Bad BE. Distor ap Bor player in the orchestra BR | 00 they have a‘body of georgette Fuflest Exten : 3 ; LS of our weekly Wages fg frifles.
ST on] aa ER Cr tc UY SR Sp oped to rockon i ap wo would nd
» but I'learned how to gues mpaell. i have in a a gr ' A Cattle Queen. the Hast. | © Winter 1s of By of oyster wilte bong mca nde) re us pis : to whe money went. |
oy ant t w - : : : : :
not sve id burdened the| same. = inmate of the aS utp yt Nd and grosgrain ribbon a half-inch: wide. A ures, as they do not serve thelr pur- ‘ pt -we could make that money earn more |
Doctor's BIT. I ean do this for you| Wm. Huston, a, nig > of gr a Ron] wala [Dit of long white fringe lounges over | pose to the fullest extent. They at- : a money without troubling to think out a . :
and will it you will assist me. a RA ee yh aio on Baby acy Vall, Loa Aogelesch Oulitorniy, | 09 2de- a Dem nthe plan or attend to details, we would consider |
All you need do, is to write for afandamnaif | +] ~He- nad been] (o-be"the a | A gorgeous evening coat for warm- | than set off the blooms for which they : % ale
free box of the remedy (Orange Lily) [ urdsy, 82 Th boing due to hard. | 18 in these largo sales and shipment, | elimes is of apricot meteor, | are designed, h : of that we had done a good stroke of business: %
Which has been placed in my hands to|ill fora year, death ing duo § for- | figuring as a notable cattle geen, Miss | de In cape fashion with long points | A vase of plain material or color, or - The Government ‘has. made it possible for us
® given away, “Perhaps this one box|enisg of the | Se Soa rth. | Vail is the daughter of late Wajs | © 0 the arms and widely banded | one on which the design is is 73 d : 33 ; 5
iy Fore Tout us dons ay po Tne tan pervice was conducted | ter Vail, vhs had over 20% about the bottom with chin, =| move to be desired, as it to the: 5 to do that Here is the plan: 3 Sa
80, a, happ; 5 nd sheep on . ”
Wil be corel ae EE ot of a}Su cRteriouybarlal dking place ry Under the direction of" A dancing frock of yellow-green flowers ETN denny, Ay os You say to your employer: “Every week =
Poon oitamp). Your letters held On oa Hi rvareh Th a, Tinure) Souter. Lote fe 4 the Bo | with tight pL pio luster ‘ware, of a Yay I want you: to. hold back five per cent. of my ;
a re 3 C ¥ a hg ¥
A ramen Me Lyla W. Ladd,{Heap wit of the engine ¥gom of the main left by the father gi | bodice ana raed, full tune with Just | shade that blends with the flowers 1t | = 10s wages and invest them in War Savings ==
$i Windsor, Ont. : Dodi ope wavp-the eieatly, Ineset sad oo Nosy 0 Yor |® peeping of narrow skirt beneath, | holds, 1s far more attractive than one ' + Stamps. When you have bo Wart oa
Mrs, Nelson George. Sarnia, dled [firemen a run, Fortunately th Dize DAYS W'S dg Ri oS L000400, tos Many of the new blue serges of contrasting color. . i, Savings Stamp with my money, Soasit a tE
blowing an accident fn which the car| was ‘discorered and extinguished be-| Stee Bulletin. ~~ | dered § e wool In gray, embrok WSS. : Diy. ¢ that for & yea.
the was driving collided with treat 0a te Suey arrived. It i supe cisco Bulle orn : dered in laren designs over part of | Cost £14 en. o on doing hat for a year.”
tr No. 6 at William street and posed<to. Deore tarted ‘In the Game, : : al SL hy / p ou will never miss that f cent, which
Plank roaq Saturday afternoop. The|spark ¢rom the boller room, The ap. | i «Back In the Ca ——— . th he 3
’ x t ‘he waterworks, altho “Another sign thaCthe war is over | = Stave Yenoff, a foreigner, empl
{olley car “ras in charge of Motorman | giner » ‘he w RS i age r sign he OVers | - Steve Yanoff, a_ employ

k and Conductor N. Hill The
OW is obgel

® collision

a ured_at the point where
ocoul de 5
ue Hind,

Hum

Bl

brother

CORNER OUELLETTE & Loxpox.
WINDSOR

i

Every 00
Packet of
WILSON'S

FLY PADS |

\WILL KILL MORE FLIES THAN
\ $8“ WORTH OF ANY /
\ STICKY FLY CA

/
fy

SEE

HEINTZMAN & C0.

ATCHER 4

ONT.

 

  

Idea of What Constitutes

ee —

E. J. Queen has sold a Federal six-
ton truck, at $6,300, to N. W. Trimble,
of Maidstone Mr, Queen lag also
s0ld Fords to Imperial Bank, L, J.
Smith, and’ S. Fitch, and a Dodge to
W. BF: Stotts.—The evangelistic cam-
palgh opened at the tabernacle here
an, Sunday evening by the Aldrich
Evangelistic Party, and meetings are
held every evening during the week,
with morning, afternoon and evening
meetings on Sunday for the next five

weeks.—Floyd Stockwell, son of Thos y
Stockwell, of Gosfleld North, was mar- | THR yon, usin ip

ber, even till the period of the
ried on Saturday of lass week at the } Tien

Methodist parsonage at Ruthven to | Boer war, when the British suffered
Miss Dora Pickle, of Mersea, Rev. H. | Bo severely In officers becnuse It was
J. Creasy officiating. The young cou-| held cowardly for a commander to
ple will reside on the groom's father’s | 8¢ek cover. Men, then as now, felt

tiquity, the one quality insisted on in
the soldier was that he should be
fearless and the more callously so the
better, The faintest tremor of timld-
Ity was da black mark against the most
respondent knight as well as the low-
lest bowman or halbgrdier, and the
schooling for war was an utter defi
ance of the perfonal risk.

   

NO DISGRAGE T0 FEEL FEAR

One Result of War Has Been Saner

— Real Bravery.
GOSFIELD NOR Wa
5 TH. An English observer calls attention
Cottam. te the fact that our world war hans

destroyed the fear of being afrald.
Heretofore, even to most distant an-

 

| George Lickman, Worthy Gould, F

 

In the matter of the estate of Robert B.

  
  
    
  
   
  
   
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 

or ‘for the sald Adminfstrator.| the point where the law will be taken

     
        
    
      
 
 
   
      
 
 
   
   
       
     
  
    
  
  
 
  
 
 

  
  
      

    
     
    
  

 
    
    
    
       
     
    
         
    
    
  
    
  

    
     
   
   
    
   
  
  
  
 
  
    
       
   
    
  
   
 
 
  
  
   
 
    
  
  

farm in this township. or
TOWN OF ESSEX.

Enterprise Lodge. No, 218, 1.0.0.F,,
held their annual decoration services
at North Ridge and Cottam demetorics
on Sunday afternoon. A large num-
tam cemeteries, on Sunday®afternoon.
ber ‘of members of ‘the order
from various parts of - the" coun-
ty was present and participated in
the interesting ceremony which was
conducted ‘according to ‘he ritmmnl of
the order. « The gran! old hymers,
“Nearer My God to Thee” and “Shall

 

 

and a splendid address was givem by
Rav. J. W, Hibbert, N. G. of Emter-
prise Lodge. Following are the nmmes
| of those upon whose graves florml of-
| ferings were placed: Cottam cweme-
tery—John G. Brodie, George Thiorn-
don, Henry Jordan, William Coihley,
Thomas Irwin, John J. Fulmer, Am-
I Whitmore, George Paine, Remben
Cady, 8. FF. Francis, Philip Waeich,
Wm. H. Malott, G. C. Abercromibie.
North Ridge cemetery—Dr, Jas. Briien,
E

Adams, John Campbell, Richard

 

Millard; Charles Roberts, Wallaew G. |

 

May, Chas, B. Burdick, Chas. A. Han-
nan, James Douglas, John K. Rwbin-
son, Jas. A. Coulter, Harold A. Tmcka-
berry. Forest Wilson, Chas. Cluase,
John Gormley, Al, Perry, Jas: Irwiin,

-——

 

POINT PELEE DEVASTATED.

 

Indignation {8 running high among
the. citizens of Point Pelee antl dis-
trict at the jighhanded resumption of
operations at Point Pelée of sandisuck-
ers. These boats have made their ap-
pearance again this year, comimg in
capacity

loads of ¢and 'from the

the deceased, full particulars of | shores, As the result of a recent: pro-

test to the Dowinton Government, the
superintendent of the national parik at
the point was promised support: in
checking such operations, but that
promise seems to have withered;-and
the residents are becoming so alarmed
for the safety of Canada's most south-
erly land mark that it may come: to

int6 thelr own. hands. In, a recent |
violent storm at the point hundreds
of beautiful cedar trees were carried |
away into the lake, (heir roots having

pen undermined by the operations of

ndsuckers, and the continuance of
.these operations is threatening Essex
county's. rarest beauty spot, where

, married | trees and plants of the rarest varie- |

ties abound. Protests from organized |
political. bodies will shortly go for- |
ward to Ottawa demanding immediate

interference by the authorities theres
If no official action Is taken at once an |
agitation for a compléte {nvestigation '
will be started. Hon, Geo, P. Graham |
was there last weeli and looked into |
the matter, getting the views of citl- |
zens and will Imhiediately draw the |
attention of the Goydrnment to the in- |
jury that is being done. %

LEAMINGTON.

Mrs. (Dr.) Hull, of Elyria. Ohio, \is
stopping lére for a time with her
father, , Wesley Coulson, who un-
derwent an operat{ n on Thursday for i
an ulcerated tooth. Dr. Hull accom-
panied his wife but returned “home
Friday, \

George Cole, manager for Fraser &
Ross, greenhousemen, has just con.
cluded the purchase of A, Harrington's
fine 22:cre farm on the Ridge, includ.
ing half a dozen greenhouses. Mr,
Cole tikes posgession of the glass
house; next month, and the farm in
October.

While visiting at the summer cottage
of ber niece, ‘Miss Mitchell, of Kings-
ville, on Thursday of last’ week, Miss

 

 

 

|

|

 
 
    
   
   

 

    
     
   
    
 

. 3
po. Hot waster has caused
wi in tio Marsh onion flelds
like nagje
extra effort that |
der, contro
heaviest
gocure he

We Gather at the River” were sung, |

brose H. Malott, Dr. W. H. Millen, R. |

twos and threes and carrying away

 
   
 

fear, for that (s one of flesh's attri-
butes and, indeed, Is one of the most
valuable of human possessions, dlnce
fear Is our protection from dangers
amd harms innumerable, We fear wild
. beasts to avold them, snakes and
Spld®s to Increase our attention,
@torms and tempests that we may pre-
Pare means of escape from them,

So it was only In battle that chiy-
alry Insisted that man should be with-
out fear, or pretend to be.

With the coming of new warfare,
however, all lands at once camé to a
more sane understanding and the old
physical bravery has given place to
moral resolution. The man who now
enters the hell of shell fire, of hurled
flames and deadly gases, no longer
attempts to fool himself into the be-
Hef that he (s not afrald. He knows
full well and only a stupld nature
could avold the knowledge "that the
| human is at the mercy of forces a
million times beyond his own abflity
[to counter, The old knight might
| really belleve he was.able to unhorse
| all the enemies that rode against him
| and therefore might concelvably be
{ without fear, but how can a soldier
, feel that way when facing modern

| weapons of ‘destruction?

Therefore, it" Is ‘no longer a dis-
grace to feel fear or to admit it; the
only disgrace is to allow fear to pre-
vent one doing his duty. How much
finer fiber Is needed for this ew de-
flance !

Need for More Consuls.

The chairman of the shipping board
| has called the attention of congress
and the people to the need of enlarg-
| Ing our consular service abroad, in
view of the fact that our great mer
chant marine will be released for use
in foreign trade.

Mr. Hurley tells us, observes the In
dependent (New York), that the Uni-
ted States will have 25,000,000 tons of
merchant shipping by the end of 1920,
and that as fast as these ships can be
freed from military work they will en-
ter commerce. The present consulates
would be entirely Inadequate to handle
this enlerged business. There are not
enough of. them, their staffs are too

small and they are handicapped by In-
@xpertence with duties that will be de-
manded and by antiquated regulations.
Even now the burden of work, espe
clally in the way of inquiries to be an-
swered, is overtaxing the undermanned
and’ underpald force. My. Hurley
therefore pleads that immediate steps
be taken to remedy the situation. :

“We need more consuls and larger
consular staffs,” he tells us. “If we do
not provide them today and prepare
for thé great growth in our merchant
marine and trade after the war, I fear

that we shall:suffer a serious break-
down.”

 

 

You've Heard 'Em,

“Look here," sald the city editor to
the cub reporter, “you should. write:
everything as briefly as possible. Ine
stead of saying ‘the middle-aged bald«
headed performer {n the hired aggre:
gation of followers of. Orpheus who
nightly provide the harmony at one of
our leading temples of mirth, eeized
his) trombone firmly In his hands,
placed his feverish lips to the mouth.
plece and sounded thereon an une;
ly tone )ke the walilng of a lost
on the main street of Inferno" ;
shorten that up.” 2 .

So the reporter merely wrotey

t!
1

   
     
  

    
   
       
    
   
   

    
    
 
   
     
   
   
     
    
   

     
   
 
   

 

    

 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 

    

“An old-fashioned stock promoter,

 
 
 

   

combined with wool, shoddy, cotton
waste, etc and the supply of fabrics
for the clothing industry Is thus en-
larged,
all these articles will @lsappenr im-
mediately. upon the return of peace.
The demand for them will continue
undiminished for some time, and some

of them nmy retain thelr place in the
market permanently. A

thread

chiefly to the scarcity, of cotton and
linen thread.

an extent that the paper threads are
strong and durable enough to be used

and sacks.

FASHION NOTES, OF INTEREST

lar.

Ina
Havelock, |
the early hours of S

STYLES ARE MAN

 

Marked by Diversity.

 

Slgeve; Skirts Aro Long and
Braped.

”; A—

an Interesting fashion display

ised for the epeniugs, which
held soon.

That ls the Important question, So far
there 1s little iff any Indication of it,
but one never knows what turn the in-
vention. of the lenders Af fashion many

 
     
    
 
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

Neved of the anxieties of war. His-
tory does not Help us much, After
Waterloo: there were no sudden shifts
In the modes, but a gradual. develops
ment from the styles of 1815 through
the seasons unt! a definite change wae
crystallized In the fushions of 1820;
There wae a marked change In fashion,
Inéluding that of hairdressing, Just pre-
ceding the French revolution:

The question of the silhouette {8 no
longer so important ns it used to be;
Modern women are less obedient to
the dictates of a few designers than
were thelr mothers and grandmothers,
The bustle mode returned, but not ¢v--
ery woman adopted It, as was the case

in the eighties. The majority preferred
the tunic or short akirt, or the slight-
ly barrel effect. ‘This Is an Indication
that women now. have independent
opinions on the subject of dross.

One sees today a variety of stylbs.
There 1s in evidence at one and the:
same time the empire waistline, the
moyenage or the oriental line dropped:
below the hips, and the so-called nor-
mal waistline. As for sleeves there (3
the long, tight sleeve, the sleeve of
1840, with its underpuff of lighter mn-J
terial; the Gregorian ‘sleeve and the
Eastern sleeve slit along (ts length pfid!
tied about the wrist. These are bat a

le

Clothes for Coming Season| °

Various Perfods Shown in Waistline or

Great activity prevalls In all the
large dressmaking establishments ind

Is prom-
will be

Shull we have a new silhouette?

take, now that their minds are pe

     

LOWERS ON HATS

Spring Headgear Will Ba Veritabje
Flower Gardens,

 

Roses, Which Afforded Welcome” Vic.
tory Color, Promise to Reign
Supreme for Decoration.

We are told that hats this spring are
fo be veritable flower gupdens, notes a
millinery authority. And it would teks
Bo oracle to predict that of all flow-
ers the rose would be supreme, Even
before the armistice was sigued the
rose became lmmensely popular—read
roses and ertifielul roses and the rose
motif in deesration. Then with the
armistice and vietory the color of the
rose became one of the most swecess-
ful of vietory eolors, In fact, 18 was
various shades of rose that appeared!
to be the Instinctive cholce of most K
women, 80 that simultaneously they ap-
peared fn rose: colored donnce and din.
ner frocks after the war's end. One
of the smavtest of the advance season

 

    
   
  
 
 
 

 

few of the varieties which one may
see In every gathering of well-dressed’
women, a ;
Then there Is the realm of the skirt.
There is the long, draped skirt, the:
narrow slit skirt, the narrow straight

skirt, the kilt skirt and the tunic skirt,
elther draped or plalted.

One sees a great diversity of style:
among the evening frocks. 3

There Is an exceedingly, attractive
model of black velvet made In princess
effect, draped in rather clinging lines
and completed with a long train, the |
train beginning at the decollete at the [0
back and extending In punel effect.
The right side of the bodice Is of flesh-
colored tulle. The left side Is formed
of the velvet, draped nnd crossing over
and fastened at the waistline at the
right Bde with & cluster of flowers:

MANY USES FOR PAPER YARN

Combined With Wool, Shoddy, Cotton
and Waste, Enlarging Supply of
Fabrica for Clothing.

The use of ‘yarn has Deen
largely pA i the past half

year. The importance of the industry
may be judged by the increased pro-
duction now emonnting to about 88
000,000 pounds a year, says the Frank-
furter Zeltung.

The manufacturing processes. are
constantly being Improved, and as the
matter stands pow paper yarn enn be
used successfully in the manufacture
of various fabrics and garments, ex-
cepting only body linen and the better
sorts of outside garments. ~ Workings
men's clothes, bed nnd’ tabhlesfinen, eur
tains, sail cloth, Imitation leather and
muny othef articles of good quality
can now be made. A

In many fabrics the paper yarn is

 

 

It Is not to be supposed that
I}

The use of paper yarn for. sewing
is also Increasing, owing }

The preparation, twist
ug, etc, have been Improved to such

n the manufacture of ‘voarse clothing sleeve 1s a blessing, for the Increased

 

Fluted Plerrette collars, some of
hem with scallops or points to re
leve fhe’ roundness, are to be popu-

. Flower toques, always charming, are

 
 
    
 

    

     
   
      
 

    
      
   
    
    

    

    
       

  
    
   

two

camp miles of.
was ‘brutally. —

o

gong of five of his f

“| men, who are under arrest in °

boro gaol.

fhe. Np

  

‘fashion a few years. ago.

SUITABLE FOR STOUT WOMEN

Longer and Narrow Skirt Regarded as

tung than you should be, yen just
don’t know anything about Jt, unless
mayhap you have narrowly watched the
struggles of a fat friend or are the
dressmaker who must plan the raiment
for the fat as well as the lean—you
don't know anything about how pers
fectly and entirely unsuited the mode
that has just gone the way of all
passee styles was to the woman
many pounds,

for the woman who weighs too much,
yet as things were one looked abso-

short skirts seemed to call for French
heeled shoes and a heavy woman
really does not 106k her best In that
type of shoe; or rather she so soon gets
the better of the shoe that that type
of shoe always looks a little shabby
and out of shape when worn by her.

us is far more favorable,
row skirt Is a blessed relief, The nar-
row skirt likewise helps, or rather the
skirt draped to look narrow. The open

width dt the wrist makes the upper
arm appear smaller, it hides the fat

wrist and also makes the hand ap-
pear slender.

VASES TO HOLD THE POSIES

Vessels Regarded as a Failuro as They

Trimmed with Gray. Ribbon and Roses.

hats—one worn by a prominent nc-
tress—js a small hat entirely covered
with rose petals, Doubtless the rose
petal hat will be much in demand as
spring comes on. apace,

No one with open eyes needs to) be
told that the corsage: bouquet has been
revived. It {s not as yet so usual as
to: be actually popular, It has the ade
vantage, as yet, of exclusiveness, It |
is seen worn. on many evening gowns
and not {infrequently on afternoon
gowns as well. It is:possible that the
spring will’ reintroduce: the fashiom of
wearing flower bouquets on the tall-
oved: sult or street frock, as: was: the

There: are all sorts: of flowered! got.
ton. fabrics. for spring and summer: ®ne.
of these: i5-'a’ rose strewn chintz that
fn the hands of the skilled. dressmaker
is decidedly nftractive.

 

 

Far Mare in Favor—Open Slesve
a Blessing. d

HK you yourself are mot more ro-

The short skirt 13 an_ abomination

utely frumpy in a long skirt. And

 

 

But the mode that 8 already with
‘The nar-

 

 

Do Not Serve Purpose to

    
   

  
     
     
   
    
   
 

 

i
|

 

 

 

ofechsriosfasferorforfecfectocfenferts

efesiorfectortect

feos

RRR DRE

 

 

     

  

Meets 80% of |
Motor Car Uses

 
     
  
   

~~

Canadian motorists most need a car of wide
ability —a car that will economically solve the
bulk of transportation problems. Sven |
The Gray Dort will take care of 80% of a motor
car's work, It will carry 8 people—comfort~

 
      
 

  
  

  

h 3

ably. It will take you over any road you care a

to travel, atns great a speed ns you care to use, i

It will serve you long without trouble. AIl RB

— this work it will do on a surprisin; y small, -

amount of gasoline and surprisingly few tires.!

Yet the price of the Gray Dort is low — well
1¥ within the reach of any mar: who needs a car.
& y Dort ls the ‘‘go-everywhere,do-every-

“Y The Gm
thing” car of —a pretty useful car for
you toown. « - 7

The touring car Is $1245; the Gray Dort Special
—the car with added refinements and extra
equipment, {s $138 extra; there are also a coupe,
and a sedmn. All prices f. 0. b. Chatham and
, are subject to change without notice.

GRAY DORT MOTORS, LIMITED

Chatham, Ont.
In the U.S. >—Dort Motor Car Co., Flint, Mich,

GRAY Dorr

C. Richardson & Son

Agents, HARROW

                
    

  
   
 
       
   

   
 
       
 
        
    

OF LL

           
    
 

She 2

 
 

ck)

 
 

 

5

              
       
  
     
    
  
  
  

~The largest stock of Wali Papers in town
1s being shown in our Wall Paper Depart-
ment. Come in and look over our big stock
before placing your order. :

    

 

»

 

Outfitter of Cozy Homes,

 
 

 
   

      

 

 

“Standard War Flour”

T.R..FLOOD & SON,

Wholesale Dealers

      
   
    

in Grain and Seeds.
ONTARIO.

 

 

   
  
     
     
  
 
  
  

     
   
  
  
 

   
 
  
    

      
  
  
  
   
     
     

Most of us fritter away at least five per cent.

     
  

  
   
   
         
   
      
  
   
    
  
   
   
 
   

    
  
    
  
  
 
 
  

     
  
 

   
