    
 
 
  
 
 
    
   
    
   
  
    
   
       
 

Ld

ragE vous

FEASTER Shopping {| -
Days are here and
ere is the place
to Come.

WE ARE MEETING THE DEMANDS OF OUR CUSTOMERS
IN THIS TIME TO A VERY SATISFYING DEGREE

 
   
    
  

 
    

 

  
  

Tue Echo

Published by 3
THE ECHO PRINTING 0, Bimited
Amherstburg, Ont.

J. A AULD, A.W. MARSH,
PRESYDENT. Smo'y- TREAS

Friday, March 23, 1917.

—Tifs seems to be a bad time for
doctors and plumbers. Both Ray Ryan
and J. R. Taylor are on the shelf, leav-
ing Claud Chapman to take care of
all the work. Dr. Teeter is receiving
treatment in Detroit; Dr. T. James
Park in down with ptomaine polson-
ing, and Dr. W. Fred. Park has gone
away for a short time to convaleésce
4 | after typhaid fever, Dr. Abbott being
“1 the only local prysician up and doing.

MALDEN.
timber and wood business.

Robert Atkin is suffering from an at-
spent

He is

clearing four acres of bush from his

tack of bronchitis.
farm.
dition that make it comfortable for
s-
2.000 bushels of very fine Western
|

   
 

  
 

 

    
   

 

   
 
    

eedeele dee oteofecte dort dhderle deb denbeol de fede de dodo frre

 

 

decided to purchase, you will be able to find
Whether it be a new Spring coat, suit,

Whatever yon have
election.
ves or all the other little things that make up the

 

ready for your

 

EORETMONCRCNE A NE MR 9% 8

  

 

dress, hat, glo A William Goodchild made business
Spring costume and which yon have made up your mind fo have,  :lirine to Chicago and Toronto, last
tiiey are Here ready for your immediate selection. + | week
‘i Mr. and Mrs. John Sellars, of Am
And. what |s more, you will find them all just a little more at- £ | novsibug, spent Sunday at their old
tractive and a little more pleasing than you anticipated. - And though Morris Sellars is engnged in the

in some cases prices of certain lines are somewhat higher than last
year, you will find, as a rule, prices offer UNCOMMON VALUE.

Let us tell you about some exquisite new dresses, ex-
ceedingly stylish, but not extreme in any way. Some are

forefoot oh deeded deol fe le

 

of taffeta, others of satins, some of crepe de Shires, Some x a Tecolvadl A -cariond. offebmeat
of Georgette and yet othérs of combinations of severa | Another one here in a few-days. H
materials—they are really works of art and come in brown, z Robidoux. Phone 193.
taupe, grey, champagne, navy, etc. No two of them alike. ES Mrs. Theoder3 Langlois urderwent
Prices $17 to $28. i" * | a successful operacion ar Harper ho
= Z [pital on Wednesday She has been
x poorly for some tine.

 

Stanley Laramie. of Detroit,
Sunday with friends in Malden.
The roads In Malden are in a’ von
+ | pedestrians covered with corns to
> | travel.
.+ | oats just received” We also have a
4 | large supply of shorts and corn. C.
Nn : \ + | Wigle & Sons, Amherstburg.
L H + Walter Atkin, of Windsor, who has
J + | been at the home of his parents ill,
has returned to his work in the office
of the Steel Trust at Ojibway.
Tenders fop Scraping Roads.—Ten-
ders will be received by the Clerk un-
til March 31st Three horses for
small scraper and four horses for
farge scraper. Howard Gibb, Clerk.
We expect to have "3 or 4 thou-
sand bushels of damaged. grain on

hand shortly. If you are interested,
kindly phone orders at once. C. Wigle

LIMITED.

9-11-13 Sandwich St. East and 16 Ouellette Ave.

fered dob dele

A EEE SE EEEFL PEP EEE EE AIP EES HEFT LAT BARA ALE EEE EE Sd bd sic

|
!
i
i
:
i

 

 

3 & Sons, Amherstburg. Phone 37,
ers, are Into the game strong. Their
FIRE BRICK { HOLLOW BUILDING TILE CHIMNEY LINING list of specials for Friday, Saturday
FACE BRICK | MASON CONTRACTORS FITTINGS ~ and Monday reads like reducing the
MANTEL BRICK WATER PROOFING SEWER PIPE cost of living. Reed their advt, on
COMMON BRICK | WALL TIES DRAIN PIPE page §,
PRESSED BRICK ‘FIRE PLACES MORTAR COLORS There will be a recption of mem-

bers in the Malden Methodist church
next Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock. A
cordial welcome is extended by the
church to anyope who may wish to
unite,

Wilson Brush! secured the contract |
to level the sand dunes on the river
front property, lately purchased by W.

BRICK

TIOMPSON BROS.

 
  
 
    
   

 

 

W. Trimble. As soon as this work Is
X . completed, the place will be laid out
THE BRICK FACE PEOPLE A lin lots und put on-the market.
24 Chatham Street West, One of thg serious problems of the
- 1. IT rr [) he |0 ,
WINDSOR ONT Malden farmer thi on {s the scarc-
2 3 5 5 ity of farnr help. hey may find it
Build with Brick, - Opposite Gas Offico Build with Brick. bor atrisite to employ . female assist
The Everlasting Phono 76 The Everlasting ance. This: my induce more of the

Material Material

Spring |

100 per cent. Efficiency in Goods—
Nothing to Desire in Service.

Patrons of this Store are Satisfied Customers.

READ THIS LIST:
a 25 Cents |

ROBIN HOOD OATS
15 Cents:

young men to remain in the pursuit
of agriculture,

son's developmgat work at
Ansople, Park and Erle Beach will
soon be under way. Masonic officials
expect to erect a number of.cottages
and plant a lurge area of corn, squash-
es and other vegetables. This will bé
a busy community.

The Malden Epworth League held a
goclal evening last week which was
very mugh-enjoyeds Notwithstanding
the fagt that a number of young peo-
ple have left Malden in the last two
years, the League ¢ontinues to evi
dence vivid manifestations of life

Roy Richardson, and Forest Lar:
amle spent-two days® down enst last
week purchasing thoroughbred Duroc
Jersey hogs, Mr. Richardson purchas-
ing three females and one male and
[| Mr Laramie one male. This stock is
from hogs that took the cliamplonship
at the Toronto and London Fairs.

The special Children's Day held In
{the Malden-Methodist church the other
Sunday wos a great success. Rev, A
M. Stuart, of Amherstburg, delivered
fan address which “was, greatly appre:

  
 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

SELF RISING

            
      

 

BUCKWHEAT FLOUR ...............
4 { ciated! The young folk put on a pro-
ROYAL YEAST 5¢ Box ‘gram which wns a credit to any
CAKES (Frosh) o.oo. dine srs s isomers school. We sure do not have to go

dut of Malden for talent. y

About thirty young people enjoyed
themselves to the limit at Herschel
Bratt’s 18th :birthday party, Monday
night, at the home of his parents, Mr.
and Mrs. E. H. Bratt. Reginald Jukes,
a Malden eligible, had the good for-
tune to find the ring in his plece of
birthday “cake, which ought to have
the effect of making him think deep
concerning the future. The hours
flew by In music, gamessand other
social amusements, until before they
realized it, the time for departure had
comes
| ‘The local Board of Health met at

the office of Dr. Teeter, Amherstburg,
for organization. Present, Dr. Teeter,
M. H. 0.; Wm. Waldron, chairman of
B. of H., and Howard Gibb, secretary.
Moved by Dr. Teeter, seconded by
Wm. Waldron, that Joseph Boufford
be appointed Sanitary Inspector with:
out salary,—Carried. Moved by Wm.
Waldron, seconded by Dr. Teeter; that
the following bills be pald:—Dr. ©.
Tester, salary for 1916 and visiting and
fumigating Merrill Denean’s house,
$1150; The Denike Drug Co., supply:
{ng fumignting material, $7.—Carried.
Moved by Wm. Waldron, seconded by
Pr. Teeter, that Howard Gibb get a
warrant for $6, for Board of Health
meeting. —Carried. Moved by Dr.
Teeter, seconded by Wm. Waldron,
lithat meeting of the Board of Health
adjourn until a call from the M. O.
H.—Carried.
The Intense intorest aroused in the
river front real estate has revived the
question of moving the river front
road back several rods from where ft
|now 18. A few years ago when on~
cronchment by the waves washed:

3.POUND. PAIL
pure LEAF LARD

    

75 Cents ||

    
    
  

  

Here's an Excellent Buy.
RED ROSE TEA, 40 Cents

FL FRPP AP PS

      
   
     
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
   
   
   
  
 
  
     
   
  
   
   
  
 

    

SALADA TEA, J
Per M.... i heseeescrsvrtorarsasnsrssscssas

BULK TEA

5 Gen Sg a 30 Cents

We have a (nearly new) TAYLOR & CO, SAFE, large size, which
we will sell cheap.

JOHN GRANT

AMHERS TBURG.

  
 
   
   

  

  

  
  
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
 

  
   
  
      

 

     
    
  

  

 

      
  
  

 
  
 
 

   
   
  
   
  
   
   

 
    

Agonts \Forg

International Harvester MeConmidle
lines of Farm Implements.

i ‘Kerosene Tractors ajSpecialty.
Genuine Oliver Tractor Plows and. Horse. ‘Sulky Plows.

——

 

  
  
 
 

 
 

 

     
  
     
  
 

  
 
   
   
   

x

chase land for a new road, the mat
ter was then: a live question, and
was: then thought that it would: be pi
through, but now since the corporati
is not liable for damnges caused Db!

| the ‘water it may be more difficult: to
|| get the project of diverting tHo road
| under way. - Howéver, from what can
| bo learned, (t is expected that a peti-

tion,
i FH d In this parc of the

ng the council to take Steps neces-
for this purpose. It ould, sor:

We have opened a wardhouss at McGregor, where you
can call to book orders.

 

   

See our new Corn Drill.
3 bi Sa

: niso catry the best fine of! Fertilizer for_corn and wheat,
eases the yield from 60 to Iosthushele per : acre,

  

 

| serious tiiness.

 
  
   
     
     
    
 
  
  
  

      
  
 

 

away the road at some points making} ;
it necessary forgthe council to pur fj

~ ANbERDON,
Samuel Renaud is in is pring from a

   
   
  
  
    
 
   

di Avenue

 
  

-

Auditorium Building,

“The Classy Tassy School”

finest In the Province. Nothing
t—Individual Desks—Experienced
Book-keeping and A

  
 
 
  
 
  

Albert Dupuis has rentey’ Ars. Jos.
‘Meloche's farm.

William Gigose is sulfenng with an
attack of typhoid fever. -
Adolph Laframboise’s infant son is
very {ll ‘With pneumonia.

James Meehan, fofsman of the
works at the Sibley fuarry. Is down
with an attack of fyphoid fever.

Mr. and Mrs. A. €. Pajot return to
Harris, Sask, in a few doys, after
spending three months. with Essex
county relatives.

 

s and Equipment the
Mbdern equipmen
Business

College Jiromides
ual to it in Detroit.
Teachers—Modern Methods.

he start.
Actual business from the on bY asing’

Corporation and Cost Accounting by an expert,

Gregg Shorthand by a specialist.
Fo Typewriting by the latest methods.

B »s—many from other colleges.
RE 4 ment Department.

    
  

  
    
  
   
  
 

  

    
  
  

Several school teachers
Twenty-seven students

           
      
       
      
     
    
    

- 0 Paquette, sou of J.C Pi with us this term. FREE Employ! re
from $45.00 to $76.00. Canadian Banks
quette, Is very ill fn ‘Detroit with placed recently at salstios TAREInE TIT w SO tions at $40.00 to $65.00

  

girls $500 per A
nthly go unfilled last wee :
me lh) of the Cheap-Rate gchools—they

gi NE Rate for all.
Western has OX ring Term—March, April, May.

Summer Session—June, July, August.
College Open all the Year.

LS. McALLUM, Prin.

pleurisy end pneumonia, and will
hardly pull through.

We expect tg have 3 or 4 thou-
sand bushels of damaged grain on
band shortly. If you are Interested,
kindly phone orders at once. C. Wigle
& Sons, Amherstbarg. Phone 37.

Barlow & Smith, Amherstburg gro-
ers, are Into the game strong. Their
list of specials fer Féiday, Saturday
and Monday reads like reducing the
cost of living, Read their advil on
page 8,

J: C. Paquette and Son Thomas, of
Windsor, paid a fying visit to Toledo, |
Ohio, last Saterday. having heard |
that J. C's brotlier Jule hed been very
sick, but’ wher they reached Toledo
they faund that there was no founda- |
tion to the rumor.

Much sorrow anid’ sympathy is ex
pressed over the sudden illness which
attacked Percy. little son of Alb®rt
Beneteau, last Satagrday. Dr. Teeter
was called and premounced it a case
of spinal meningitis. The little one
has always been wu fine healthy boy.
and hopes are @ntertained for his
speedy. recovery.

A friendly meetimg of all parties in-
terested in the lmeson drain, ,under

pay our

  

are dear at any price. The

  
     
     

Write for Catalog.

 

PRINCIPAL McALLUM.

 

 

   

 

Housecleaning Time Usually Means New Rugs
and New Pieces of Furniture.

Our stock of Rugs and Furniture 1

A

  

 

 

 

 

 
     
   
      
 
     
        
  

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 

   
  

 

the D, & W. Act, was held yesterday

(Thursday) afternoon. It will be re-

membered that the County Judge set

aside the first precedure on appeal by

the county because that body had not

been notified. New proceedings have

now been taken to have the work

done. Next Thursday a similar meet- ]

ing will be held on the Meloche drain,

which was also subject to an appeal

drew. Gibt tabl y E

ndrew hb, county cons e, St k L S d R

looks ‘as if someone had given him a Our oC (0) ar e 1z2é u S

poke In the left eye. but it was nature, .

not a prisoner. Three weeks ago Mr, | a E t L

Gibbs eye began to swell with what | 1S X ra ar e. ?

he thought was cold, but It developed J

id 3 Jery sever abscess and PA 32 Wilton Squares, 9 ft. by 12 ft, from.................c. 00. ,$40.00 to $75.00 »
“ampbell; the well known specialist, re 5 alt » ;

of eit: had & time the 9 Wilton Squares, 13 ft. 8 in. by 12 ft, from. ............... 05... .. $45.00 to $75.00 «

sight, The het ppstation gears 2 5 Wilton Squares, 11 ft. 8 in. by 13ft. 6 in, from.................. $55.00 to $85.00 i

AV en effective and Ar. 1a.

some reltef, gt sd Nave His These rugs come in the Floral and Oriental patterns and in the Green, tan, Blue -

eagle eye on wrong doers again. and Old Rose colors. ee
The recent thawing and rainy spells - 3 Fr > 5g

that Came This Wweakohave fie hated 30- Axminster Squares, 9 ft, by 12 ft. from. ..........eiveneersann, $40.00 to $45.00 ; x

ed to the yearly discomforts -exper- ag

jenced in the spring of the year, and

particularly by those people living inj re

the fifth concession of Anderdon, by | of

the dangerous of the road op- . £2 V ve | | al (S1] eh

posite Eddie )Meloche's residence: o

Those obliged to use this road express oda

the opinion that some accident is lke elvet S Ss, 0 I RE 4 » ©5

on hi eo an 2 Ivet Squares, 9 ft. by 1 12.4t--. sR Sp Sa eg Clg $34.00 to $38.50 EM.

don® fo remove and remedy the nuis- S Velvet Squares, 10/ft. 6¥in. by 127ft.. ... hon, ui GL 545.00 to $50.00

ance. - A move by the Councillors Telv S 2) ry 19 3 5 "

i nl 1 Velvet Square, 12 ft. by AE rt Ah Ee Re : $50.00 to $55.00

lief. Velvet Square; 12 fiohy 13 Th Gin... Fc... etre sD bisire nin ei $564.00 to $60.00

Mr. dnd Mrs, Robert Spencler will
have the earnest. wnd heartfelt sym-
pathy of the pdople of the whole dis-
trict in theysnd loss of thelr little
donughter, Marjorie, who passed away
Thursday * eveiting, aged 8 years 3
months and two days. The whole fam-
{ly of five children were taken down
with scarlet fever, In her case, after
a two weeks' fllness ear trouble com-

These Rugs are seamless and come in the

Blue_patterns.

Brussel Squares

Green and Tan Floral, and Tan and

 
 

«

 

 

 

5

 

 

 

 

    
  
  
  
 
   
   
  
  
   
  
   
   
 
  

 

 

 
        
      

 

 

  
   
 

 
 

 

 

  
   
  
    
   
    
      
   
   
  

 

 

  
  
   
    
   
      

     
 
 
   

THC [ORS seis aosday Dy Frown 14 Brussels Squares, 9 ft. by 12 ft, from... .....c.ouivarnrnesnnan. $28.50 to $31.50 L
with Dr. Teeter, the femily physiclan, | 6 Brussels Squares, 11 ft. 3 in. by 12 ft., from... ...........:. LA $35.00 to $40.00 f
ih Frursdsy DE Sado Sas 4 Brussels Squares, 11 ft. 3 in. by 13 ft. 6 .in., from . $40.00 to $45.00 : i=
ation in the hope that this would re- Colors—Tan, Blue and Green. ; i
lieve the trouble, but the little girl's
condition Jiad become so critical that i] TR die wR
it ~was found impossible to operate || ! ¢ :
ua =e A soon afterwards. | | | jg ‘
1e funeral, which was private, took a (S]e]
place Sunday afternoon to Rose Hill P 2
an Besides the parents three > i
rothers and one sister are left to | 117 Tapestry Squares, 9 ft. by. 12.ft., from... j. cc Bes seer ecasie oreians 513.50 23
brotse : 2 to $28.00
It was with great regret that the 3 Tapestry Squares, 10 ft. 6 in. by:10-ft. 6 in, from......: ........ 82, 5.00 to $28.50 t
many friends of the Gignac family 24 Tapestry Squares, 10 ft. 6 in. by 12 ft., from : 1¢ £
heard. Friday noon of the death that 5 : ; : oo A NE PON a iis $3150
day of Atpeks iS Gignac, of the Can- 26 Tapestry Squares, 10 ft. 6 in. by 13 ft.- 6 in, from.....%....:.... $16.50 to $35.00
art © had been ill three weeks. \ g yy 1° 0 7
with typhold fever and wns supposed’ 5 Tapestry Squares, 12 ft. by 12 ft., from seieisd ) lel rete are 2 $17.00 to $40.00
to be getting along all right when a | 8 Tapestry. Squares, 12 ft. by 13 ft. 6 in., from...,....... 4 Yan $35.00 to $40.00 5
turn for the, worse. came, and he These come seamed and seamless and are in the Floral i :
passed away, He was thirty-two years | . : : Ae oral: and Oriental bauterns;
of age. The deceased was the éldest |) and in the Blue, Green, Tan and Red colors.
son of Mr. and Mrs. Hilaire Gignac, |
land was born at the Canard, where z
fe spent his ‘whole 1ife. On his mar- |
riage to Miss Emma Knapp, daughter}
of Henry Knapp, some ten years ago
they took up thelr residene¢s across
the road from his father’s, where he
successfully yconducted a Vegetable Our St k r RF it th 1 £
hy To them were. born three chil- oc 0 urni ure is e arges
ren, two sons, Gordon and Orville, Wi
who are living, and a little daugiter '% b fi d 1 d
who died. Surviving him are his par- o e oun in n SOT. :
ents, two brothers, Herbert and Will, Si !
Li one Fister Louise, Mrs. William
urns, of Detroit; his wife and two y M M
Sohs Sentinal Shove. Tia funeral, Over 50 atched Dining Over 35 atched Bed-
which was largely attended, ( 3k $ | »
place Monday morning to Loisellew iis A Room ‘Su hd | ]
R. 2 Shure ex sarvices and vurial ; ho S ites to Joan Suites to z I
was in the R. C. cemetery taere. The f " k! ;
ueepest Jmpathy 18 extended to tae ¢ 0 e rom choose Jrom- 3 x»
vereaved family.
4 > lastiovle S We BIR) gens of odd Buffets, Extension Tables, Dining Room Chairs and (
8s Clara Gauthier, the parish or- |i Dressers to choose from. We make a speci
ganist, has, returned from her visit to | fact we have ev hi packings of Sun Bouman Pai Chairs. nl :
Lower bx ada—Roveran eel e everything you could wish for in the furniture line. = ul
onstance, Superior’ of the convent] 5 »
here, Is to leave soon for the Mothar L 0 > : ’ ¥ &
hore, (5 loa¥e soon for the Moth | . ALL ORDERS OF $10 AND OVER SHIPPED FREE OF CHARGE. - :
lllness oblige her to take a complete | : ” ¥
rest for several months. Sister Fran. 1

   
   
  

cols, who is in charge of the music ||
class, will accompany Mother Con: ||
stance to Montreal. Another sister
will be chosen to take charge of the ||
parish house and music class at the
same time. —The ice on the river fs I
going fast. If the nice weather andi}
warm sun continues for a fow days, It
uy disappear eatirely.” without a ||
001

 
 

 

   
   
 
   
   

 
 

 
 
 
  
  
     
  

"0 re

   
 
   
  
 
  

  
 
  

SANDWICH EAST. SANDWICH.
The Bowling Club + Ww rgani;
for the year Monday be! wired
the following officers’ were elected:—
Hon. Pres., E. H. Donnelly; President,
Henry Clay; vice-President, W. P.
Smith; Secretary-Treasurer, Thomas |
3 Chaplain, Rev. H, P. West.
gato; Grounds Committee, 2d D. W,

Collins, W. A.
Fred. Na Waglesy, T. Michelson,y,

  
   
  
 
   
 
 

   
 

2 Shots trom the ice at the “edge of
the river In front of their home on
front, ghozotky McManus,
ir drowned, and her
, oged six, was res-
or Inte Monday after

children of James Mc-
propriépe. of the Lakoview
river front, Sandwich East.

  

     
 
 
  
  

  
 

  
   
