  

  
    

   

iN a Lt
Tn SWINDSOR, ONTARIO.

 

‘

« —Victory Loan Bonds are both Patriotic and Pro-
2Q@ lc were anxious to invest in them, but now that
leted, we would draw your attention to a coarse,
«sults of which would be to bring you 100, to 200,
Jn your investment, as thousands of our former stu-

da for office help the next six months will be greater
pesibly supply, so YOU should register with us In Janu-
i} practical training. Notwithstanding the fact that we
ICITORS out, we have the Best and the Strongest Class
(Boma 85 In the Shorthand and Typewriting department,
hould increase our present attendance at least 50 per
college and their courses differ widely, but we allow:
gl to surpass us in Teachers, Bquipment and Courses.
bok-keeping Course is conducted with Currency and Mer-
8). also Bank, Freight, Wholesale and Retall offices,
=e managed by the Seniors, with whom the Juniors do all
8581 of biisiness; this we call our Busy Bee department, and you
“For

  

enjoy watching this class.

: ar: 0 rites out, and puts through every form of busi-
miserabl, 8 a Miniature Business World.
Fleadaches, fed fes in the Amherstburg factory office at $15 per

Heart sp badly ol

here seemed :
latomach and a
‘dreadful. of gum;
‘Back and Rrity
Iwasitreated &
“and
fa tried “ Fryjt.g.t

 

lege stands for the strongest Commercial Train.
type of Citizenship, and the Moral Influences of
% outwelgh Dollars. The rooms which were specially
h are light and cheerful, with glass partitions, which
“pal to look over the entire set of rooms from his office
jt to have several-of our business and professional men
es on LIVE TOPICS.
terfere with High School puplls, as we tpy to live on
* with all the teachers, yet if any-student (H. 8.) in-
r using three to a Business College course, we say with confidence
SMproved d 3 more for you than any other school, because we give
J . an bwveantion, if necessary, and because this is the aenly Can-
Now I can ss College within 456 miles with the necessary equipment,
@re no Headagl0me 30 years’ experience in Business College work, 15 of
art Trouble Indsor, should give us n- knowledge not possessed hy any

 

 
 

 

 

 

 

Business College

 

 

  
  

'¥ How Tradition
'§ Marked Holy Tomb

  

Nazareth is a
tained event of histors
took place at Jewmusalem,
while Tiberius Cesar wis emperor
| and Pontius Pllatus was procurator
+ of the Province of Judwsn The day
of was the sixth day of tte week. The
i [ genson was spring, and the Passover
| festival, Tho locality was more dif-
| ficult to place, It was outside the
gates of the city, and at no great dis-
tance, but wheather the gateway
though which Jesus and the two
brigands sent to die with Him was in
the northern, the western, the south-
ern, or the eastern wall of Jerusalem
is not stated in the earliest and most
authentic narratives.
| A tradition which was already cur-
| rent and accepted in the reigns of
Constantine (A.D. 306-337) identi-
fled- a certain site which then lay
within the walls, and hus ever since
been an intra-mural one, as the site
of the rock-tomb dn which the dead
body of Jesus was laid after it bad
been taken down from the Cross, An
| eye-witness of the Crucifixion left it
on recprd that the place where Jesus
was buried was not far from the-
place: whero*He had suffered death.
oe | The identjfication of the : place of
of bifrial, therefore, might serve as a

of | guide to the place of crucifixion, the
a skull.”

od

x

0
pe
ie
® |

i
4
+
oh
+
i
KX
ot
I
x
oo
oh
+
od
“8

ir

XX

«}

  

of | place called Golgotha, i

 

 

 

inror Kidne By : v oj [As a matter of fact, the discovery”
a 5 €Y Tiregts would be safer in our hands than elsewhere. of | of the Haly -Sepulchre in A.D. a2
ew deing—angd ‘tormer pupils about our teachers and courses. | was accompanied by that of Gol-
that Bave me opens Wednesday, January 2nd, but’ the rooms will be ols | gotha, though the latter was less cer-
+ Mapax eek day from 9 am. to 4.30 p.m, to receive visitors, of*| twin than the former.

60c. a boy one or write, «l*| At first sight {t seems very strange
deal . =| that the exploration work _ under-
Si Lin \CADMAN & SON Ek taken at the order of the Emperor

a-tives Lim | oo ; Ean
p e~ onstantine for the discovery of the
— ow Idg. Box 187. Phone 928 5 Holy Tomb, sould have been net

; 3 golhg upon ite lying "
T™ 10, East, next waiting Rooms of W., E. & L. S. Ry. x without, the city walls. The clergy
aosleefeefeefecfecfortocfocfecfreonteafecfscfocfestectonfosfortosfesoctoctscfontscfonfestistedeitets and people of the church in Jeru-
~Ph) ZL , Ls * | salem knew perfectly well that the
iteame.. TES = ————— | crucifixion took place. outside the
winter Spo WN OF ESSEX. Soar foot fe fenfoctefes) city, They knew equally well that
Cr Arimathman Joseph's garden, with
lie )dIng Toronto University, has ar- WE SOLICIT YOUR ORDER. the rock tomb in it, must have lain
r ‘home for hor three wecks’ Christ- outside the walls, for Intra-mural
pan vacation. Sh 5 sepulture was not practiced In Herod-
Remember that the business fan Jerusalem,

office of The Echo is a, conven-

‘Word has been rece'ved by his par-:
Yanks’ that Traripeter Elgin Middleton

   
   

 
  
 

pt to Fra Nog er ber 4th, and is lent plage to pay your subserip-
he ttached ne. ard Canadian Di- tion to any d paper, national
nals p n Column: | weekly or magazi that yon de-
Bgregating $1,604 he ‘interests of Boys’ | sire. We can quo ou om any U

agistrate Legatt ‘

S., British or Canadian publ
olators of the

tion. The renewal season for

 

n the basement ofthe |
Ton Friday evening last |

   

 

     
 

Sanitary reasons, if
there were none othér, placed tombs
and cemeteries outside the walls. of
cities. Of all this 6 (Christians of
Jerysalemr in A.D. 326 were as well
aware as the best of Sunday school
children or the keanest of rationalist
crities im this our day of sclentific

    

 

 

—AL the last y he followi offic- papers is approaching. We will [llnmination and religious progress.
wn council. J, ohh ae ol Pd | be glad to handle yours. The Nevertheless, they believed, that the
for the poskpicq prosident, Clarence present subscription irate for 4 | site. of Jesus’ tomb lax within their
gineer, was Cvary, Walliss Tweedale; leading Can@dlan dailies {5 as vlty.® For nearly two hundred years
d he was emploagt Johnston. follows: the : knowledge of the locality had
ort Item—p Se afvad 2 letter last Toronto Globe $4.00 been preserved, or assisted to sur-

» former A. Toronto Mail-Em . 4.00 vive, by a somewhmt {ncongrous

 
 
    

rk Americans, 1)

tract to manage Toronto Star . 3.00

deb dob ddd ddd ddd dd bb bb fbb

  
        
   
   
   

 

 

 
 
  

 

  

Ee SAR UPA

landmark, viz, a temple of Venus,

” : Ra a This temple dated from the re-
al League Clu 0 wos 64 years of Toronto News - 3.00 El huilding of the cltw by the Emperor
rei aro ION, weor health for., London’ Advertis 3.00 A Hadrian, who changed the laying out
the he sei ex vst. He formerly | & London Free Press . 3.00 4 |of the new city, which, explains why

weeks avy = Rips 3 \heswhs a paint- | " % | the tomb was inside Jerusalem after
to the oY 2 Bhs Pere to Englund | fdebdobdebeddobedob dol eobdeeiobedropdetk | 1 was rebuilt fmstead of outside. ’
ly sown el < Fiat Hig vito died in Ee Ea Local traditiom could hardly fail to
mn en y Wg}s 90, but one preserve the memory of ‘‘the place
ty, and is re Qgprs survive: W. Hie 3 called the ‘Skull’ ” and Joseph's Gar-
ng and otlion ohn Chase), of Ll Cl 2 (ZX [den and rock-tomb to the year 66,
According igh FCharry Fre BRA), : Coil when, ther epristiis fled from Jor,
: 5 ves), of Wind- (> [salem to Pélla in fthe country beyon
Tre 1.7 Cole Organ Builder iS Soren, They Saturn), in i pro-
~ (No. 1. Colchester - 3 | bability, somejfive or six years later.
afin oy IoPRfen poutl. Numes in I Se ME Wr When they returncdi, they found
8 regiment. <Tags—Pear] Fox, An Tiderestins Christus or ; nearly the whale . of Jdrusalém a
co (If not qua bsisfStaddon. John | An interesjlog Christas game that Is {mass of firoblackened ruins. Three
allow; quart Md), aniVayne Louns- | played by the little German elilldren is landmarks, ' however, had been left.
ance ff led. Jr. JI Class | called” tho “organ Lullder.” One of [These wern three great towers which

uel supplies {
a low ¢bh -t
W. K. Prud¢ "°°

: ierald Tollemire, | the number is chosen to be the organ
i... an Ulc Sr. oll} builder and all the ‘others stand in a

 

 
 
 

ers im that st, i Sls i straight” row with thelr hands folded.
of fndustrin’ RE Class “1 As the drzan bullder goes along the
Saturday un¥) d Wi Cass Lar. | 195 he say “Tliedc are good pipes,”
© 27th. TH HA" Class—Orvilly| aod taps the hands” of the pldyers us
Actorles mah gio Afflo Brimoer. | he ‘passes, and each player as his

 

for prompt at,
otinulng the p
8, the AVind

more Aust, 1

{ hands are touched must give” forth a
| long’ sustained sound to represent the
noie of an ‘organ. After lio has beard

“Jeoraine Challe «

 

t

   

  
  

iter, Sever 3 D NORTH. a sound. from each ofgal pipe’ the
while the | °* — bullder is blindfolded aud while thid Is
| court Sak ” Cotta . belong done the players all change
nd probably, 1ty- Young peo.| places, and tbe builder says: “Alas,

rised
af

  

lye or the
lon all alien caeielorhon $
t after Satprogdrwin on (Thursd
Vills, “Fan if
elect on
countries,”

bow will ny organ be, now, ! am blind
and cannot Thien betaps tthe
Lands of a player, who gives the same
sustained sound as before, and If tho
re Ignorin d North, for the past builder demund, lie must repeat three
ve shall ke . hans tendered her] times. The bullder then guesses” the

brought fyi. ft last week for her | name of a player. If he does not guess
1S a y7itn TYoodsto torrectl®; the playersiall dance around

   
    
   
       
  
   

Seed

af pard, ho
ed as teacher of S.°S

  

  
  
 

   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
  
 
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
   
      
  
 

  

    

n he coal ron, the farmer from [Wim and sing:
he would ft Olinda, vl 0 together f wyny 4 wulider have we here,
Was serv40m, Was taken to the yium What a wretclied, Wretched ear,
- nesday off Tast week, Th v the pipes sound out so clear,

Saterday, and was
and buried Tuesaday from
POlinda. Degeased was 65
paves a widow and one

After which they all chunge places and
the Dullder must try again. ‘If how
ever, bis guess Is right, the players

#he son Charles, in thc | 5083
son had been in the in- Though the muster have no sight,
> RY . Ho can tell his pipes aright,
1 1 hg oe Ang Jpn Sce your organ with delight.
ore his wenbon and le | The bandage Is then taken off, and the
ol 3 aftyr hi srecovery. He | player whose name lic. bas guessed
gv dipgg very much {n the | must take his place,
ts, anda | : £0.) ription lately and |. J- - a
dion women aY “© “again. He isquite 4 eo
rom womax 's ill but may never | 5 BRE Infant King
afar wom ds right mind. —

    
 
 
   
       
   
    
    
   

  

HE shepherds, watching
the night, >
Were startled by an angel bright,
Who bade them not to fear,
For he brought tidings of great joy
That will the sin of Eve dejtroy
‘And dry the bitter tear.

The shepherds, kneeling on the ‘sod,
Then heard that Christ, the Son of
God,

Was in a stable born, .

So poor that on a bed of hay

The lovely infant Jesus lay

A manger to adorn.

‘The shepherds to adore him went
And heard the choirs from heaven

through

 

home to every man,

he fnct that service
At n matter alone for
A 'ailor and munition

  
   
   
 

     
  
 
  
    
   

. | decessary work, for
he way of thrift and
0 this work, health
. Even the most
sessiselow if the

ee

      
  
  
 

  
   

 

Herod the Great bad buflt on ithe
northern brow of tha western hill,
The) lower part of one of them, swr-
mounted by a medimval restoration,
is still to be seen. It is variously
referred to as the; “Tower of ‘tho
Pizans” or the “Tower of David.”
These three towers were left stand-
Ing’ as part of the defences of the
camp of the’ Tenth Legion, stationed
there to guard the site ‘of the, city,
which Titus was resolved. to keep
desolate, » Re

The Church of the Holy Sepulchre
in Jerusalem has occupied, in its var-
lous feeonstruetions and restorations,
the same sitefor 1,581 years. At one
time the three towers just spoken of
must have .been conspicuously vis-
ible from that site,

With the three towers serving as
fixed points from which to begin
their search, and remembrance of the
locality still reliablefithe fugitives re-
turning from Pella some time, be-
tween A.D. 71 and 76 would “not
have much difficulty in finding a cer-
tain grotto hewn in the rock which
in and around Jerusalem so constant-
ly protrudes through the scanty sur-
face-soll, like the bones of a starving
man showing through his skin." That
this grotto had escaped destruction
js as certain as anytihng can be.
Why should the Romans have wasted
time and labor over destroying it?

The grotto—Le., the rock tomb—
having been found again, the recov-
ery of Golgotha might be undertaken.

+ It {8 uncertain, however, whether
‘Golgotha would be readily recogmiz-
able after the ruin and devastation of
the city in A.D. 70. But though it
is uncertain, it is not impossible. We
may Infer t-at a true knowledge of
the site of Jesus’ burial and resur-
rection also, was preserved by local
J tradition down to the time when
Aelin Capitolina was founded. When
the new city had been bullt, and
some, if not all, of the -old land-
{marks bad been removed, local tradi-
tion would become liable to varia-
tion and vagueness, But we find
that in A.D. 326, nearly two hundred
years after, the rebuilding of Jeru-
salem, the Christinns of the locality
have a perfectly definite notion of the
place of the Holy Tomb. They knew
that it is concealed by the mound on
which the Temple of Venus stood,
Nevertheless, allowing that some
measure of doubtfulness attaches to
{the traditional identifications since
Constantine's day, it would be wrong
to set them aside as doubtful. The
true sites must be very close to thé
traditional ones, If they are not act-
ually identical with them. :

    
   
       
     
      
      
     
  

  

  
   

     

 

HE Crucifixion of Jesus of]
well-ascer-
Ww

 

  
   
 
  
  
  
       
   
   
  
    
      
     
    
      
     
     
    
   
      
      
    
    
   
    
   
  
     
   
  
 
  
 
   
   
 
 
  

lippe, that

  

   

 

be held above Darby's Drug
Tobe and Short Course in Home Nursing

  
  

  
 

The Ninth Annual Agricultural Class will recelve
{nstruction in Harrow. The young men especially
who expect to make Farming thoir vocation should
so arrange their work to be able to attend. The
course is conducted at’a time of the year when very
little is pressing on the farm and the classes being
held each week day, except Saturdays, from 9.00 a.
m. to 12.00 and 1,30 p.m. to 4.00 p.m., will allow the
members to do morning and night chores at home.

The-township council has kindly furnished the
room, seating and heat. No admission. fees are
charged and no examination is held. The student is
expected to provide himself with a loose lenf note
book in which to keep notes of the lectures,

At the close of the Course a Junior Farmers’ Im-
provement Association will be formed for the pur-
pose of keeping the members in touch with one an-
other. Competitions in growing corn, hogs and baby
beef will be conducted, and the prizes for these
aro {wo weeks’ short course of the winner's selection
at the 0. A, C, Guelph, January 1919.

In addition to the regular staff, special speakers
are being supplied who are specialists on their re-
spective subjects. Motion pictures will be used to
illustrate various topics,

The Short Course in Home Nursing is being ar-
ranged by the local" Women's Institute and a glance
at the outline of the course should be convincing of
its; value, The size of the class is limited only by
tho size of the demonstration room, which will* hold
G0 to 70 people. Arrangements to attend should be
made with Mrs. Angus Clark, Secretary of the Har-
row Women’s Institute.

For further information

 
   
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
     
   

ferferferfenferfesfesocfenferfonfeofofoofefefenfenferforforfocfe fe derte

apply

J. W. NOBLE,
Essex, Ont.

LIVE STOCK.

A study of the different classes, breeds and types
of farm animals. Care and management. ' Construc-
tion of buildings and other equipment. Practical
work in judging cattle, horses, sheep and swine.

VETERINARY SCIENCE.
Cruses, symptoms, trectment and prevention of
the common disenses and ailments of farm stock;
care of breeding animals, unsoundngss in the horse,

FEEDS AND FEEDING. :

Elementary studies in feeding. Composition of

food stuffs. Storage and preparation of feeds. “The

working out of balanced rations. Specinl ctudy of
economical feeding in relation to cost per ton.

FIELD CROPS.

A study of varietiés, principles of crop improve-
ment, rotation of crops, methods of cultivation, re-
sults of experiments, and practical work in judging
see. grains, grosses and clovers.

DAIRYING.

A study of the dairy cow, care, feeding, manage-
ment, selaotion, ‘cammencement of a herd, milk,
records, care of milk and cream, dairy buildings,
dairy utensils, testing milk and cream.

FARM MACHINERY AND FARM POWER.

Construction and operation of gasoline engine,
farm tractor and form machinery. The farmer's
workshop.

CEMENT CONSTRUCTION.
Construction of cement floors, troughs,

walks, walls, tile, ete, ~~
POULTRY.
Characteristics of the most important breeds of

tanks,

Hovfarfocisefeciesfesiesiecfesioriesiocionioriorionioriorioniochscfrniacircfectecieciecfeciocfesforforfonor]s fefoofe fooforforfertectuciarforfoctectecfontonteatectortectectest foufe

     

    

- wa be J
farm ,poultry; feeding, care, management, poultry Public speaking, debates. Rules governing: meot- 3 ite $B Near conviviey
houses, diseases, marketing, egg production and - Inzs; duties of officers conducting public meetings. + Yrolt “house of coraction $10,000 fine.
rearing of chicks, killing and dressing caponizing, CO-OPERATION AND MARKETS. > It was shown that she had aided her
ote, . = Farmers’ ‘co-operative organizations, preparations brother in his plots. 3 at
. BEE KEEPING, 7: of farm products for market, buying, selling and ad x CARL SCHMIDT, who wzs eent to
General management of bees; cause, nature and vertising, a study of market conditions. ofs | Spy out Canadian Pacific tracks in
prevention of diseases. pix RURAL SOCIOLOGY. + | Northern' Ontario, convicted on conmt
FRUIT GROWING. .: Lectures on ‘social activities, clubs, games, and J |1. two years fn Leavenworth,, $10,000
Study of the most suitable "Varieties, nursery community leadership. ’ oj | fine. $ A 4
; of | MRS. CARL SCHMIDT, daughter ofs
Beleebeeedelenfededgiedendodeofodededelededeadeleodedecdedfedrsfododefedofedeeednb odeedoobdeiufefefefesfods forts Franz Respn, and: wifé &f: Schmidt,
- - csi a — ES : : Sonblciad on count 1 Hocause she accom
- A an ier brother, Charles Respa, on
Colchester South Council. rand. —( arried, \ Moved by*Mr. Charette, seconded by the bombing expedition to Windaor
pve Council adjourned sine die, Mr. Papst, that By-law No. 698, to|and Walkerville, two yenrs in the De-
Saturday, December 15th. ANDERDON COUNCIL ATANt , permission to the Brunner, | trolt house of-corret*'on, $10,000. fine.” +
Council mebnt per statirte. 5 . Mong, Canada, Limited, to lay o water | - Franz Respa, acquitted, but ordered
The minutes of the last régular and ~ pipe on the front road, be read nq [interned. :
special meetings were read, ; Saturdey, Deceraber 15th. + [first time—Carried, Kaltschmidt spent en hour In a
Moved by Messrs. McLean and Des-| *Coungll met pursuant to statute Council -went Into committee of the [carefully prepared speech trying to
llppe, that the minutes be addpted as | With all members present, whole for fhe second reading, Mr, | convince Judge Tuttle that his inten- v
“ove Siero ana mo: Me. Drouin, that the nee nk pn, 1 hale, “Bylaw rods oc: toms wore Brapor. Ho claimed that he
Moved by Messrs, Barnet and on-| 94% » : ta 5 ond time, Coun (0 } his 8 P
dy, that the following accounts be|rend be adopted. —Carrled. reading. SI rast, for siva {404 oy aaa falled to Ind a the 9

Moved by Mr, Chare
Mr. ;Papst, that J, J.
warrant for $35, for

nid: $50 to Charles Clark, $35:salary.
ws reeve and $15 extra serv $60 to
Jos. Blondy, $35 salary as councillor and

 

      
      
        
     
     
    
   
  
   

 

J cific : y-layr read

$15 extn monvicos; $60.to M. Deslippe, [ments, ispecificationy, otc, of thea third time and passed J batants. He asked the ¢ourt to recog-
$35 Baldry as councillor and $15 extra, #idewalk in Fraserville; Pettypleces, | “Moved by Mr. Papst, seconded by Mr. | nizeswhat nobility and goodness ae
services; $50 to Givorge .E. | Limited, * $495.25, for bullding side-| Droufilard, that ,By-lnw “No. 594, to |might be in him! The answer was’
$35 ig councillor dnd $1: Ep 4, i H. Reus, empower the council to destroy all |four years in a ccll'and ‘@ fine of $20.-
services; $50 to W. Bt Surmot, $3 2.00. salary as inspector on side: | dogs not o : 5 ( y

ary as councillor’ and $16 walk in Fraserville; Brinner, Mond 5 n the asscsyment roll, be 200. Ho charged that ier prominent

extra
vices; $12 to Hiram Thorniton, salary
as janitor, last quarter; $145 to J. FI.
Madill, $125 3rd quarter's, snliry ‘as
Clerk, and $40 for postage, stationery
and’ telephone; $12¢to_ Fried. Clark,
scraping on road nearhis Place; $12'to
R. J. Snider, court febs for the year

Canada, Limited, $150,
6-foot concrete tile;

   
    
    
 

con.; J. C, Petyplece, $

the 5th con.; William
for scraping on 6th co

1917; $12 to Charles Bell, court fees {UM®: $1, inspecting one lot of sheep;

for the year 1917; $23 to McColl & | Romie’ Paquette, $1,

     
   

   
 
 

 

Fletcher, services on Dujjley-Affleck | oF
drain; $2.64 to BE. F. Darby, for gup. $2 Valuing two lots of

plies for fownship; $11 to, Edwin |

repairing bridge on s

      
    
  
   
    

James A. Balley, hauling plank and
fixing bridge on 7th con. road; $10 to
Adolphus Bondy, for scrapling roads;
$2.60 to George McLean, acting as
commissioner on Graham dain; $176,
55 to Frank Walton, half Yearly salary
and extras; $9.90 to Johm Wilson,
work on Adams drain; $1 &o Alanson
Iler, for fixing a bridge. over Dolson
Creek; $76 to T. 'W. Wride, qdvance
on Aikman drain by-law; $10 to Or-
Inndp Ilex, for ditching on Iler road;
$5 to Harry Pigcon, for scraping; $4
to Mark Deslippo, shovelling 800:
$9 to J. H. Madill, to pay for work on
several drains; $16 to M. Deslippe,
commission on Charles Shepley drain;
$66 to Dr. J. D. Collins, salary ag M.
H. O. and extras; $3 to John Readman,
for sanitary worl; $68 to J. J. New.
man, work on scveral drains; $8 to
Andy. Catherwood, dmmnges in Gt
Con. drain, —Curricd.

‘Moved by Messrs. McLean and Bon-
dy, that the following by-lews bo giv-
en 1st reading: «

(1) A bylaw to levy a rate ‘of $50
per year on the w % Jot 3 in Goro, to
provide for drainage apscssmont, as
Bk riioagy Act;

A by-law to appoint D. R. O. and
Poll Clorks for tho {Meret elections |
of 1918.—Carried, and by-laws given
first reading. a :

Moved by Mensrs, Barnot and Dos.
the 12th rule be suspended
for the despatch of busincss.—Carried.

The council then went {nto coramit-
tao of the whole for the second read-
Ing of the by-law vith the roevo in the
chair, and blanks filled and by:
given second reading. 24

Council tesuraod for third roadin
net, that the by-laws be- given third
net, that ‘ho by-laws be given third, Moved

EET,

one-half of sald amoun
for planks be charged
ship; James Charette
sloners! fees onswork

   
     
     
    
   
  
   
   
   
    
  

planks; Philip Bondy,
ment .on his contract

 

Tremblay, $56, balince

ume, $6.65, for furnish

 

     
       
     
   
      
    
      
     
        

Moved by Mr. Roch
by Mr. Papst, that the

rants.—Carried.

get a warrant for $1,

     
     
   
  
 

Auliffe get a warrant
school debenture levy
In Union School §

Nient from
township. —Carried.
Moved by Mr. Charet
Mr. Pa
the appointment of D.
Clarks be read a first
Council went into
Whole for the second

 

    
     

  
  

  

third time and pi
by Mr.

‘Store; Harrow, Ont., Ja

 

lard, $5, ‘for lowering crock on 7th

tle drains on the s7¢ 3% of lot 7 in

north side line; Napoléon Beaudoin,

Charette, $4.25, for keeping lights on
Wright, for 110 rods gravel; 42.50 to | bridge on 7th con.; Lorné*Sinasue, $1,

Road; ‘Everett Charette, $2. hauling
drain} Joseph Renaud, $26, for two
sheep killed by unknown dogs; Allred
in the Dufour drain, and Olver Ren-

repairing bridge.—Carried.

orized to sign the several, school war-

Moved by Mr. Droulillard, seconded
by Mr. Rochelenu, that Albert Burns

dog, he making afMdavit that said dog
died before court of revision.—Carried

foved by. Mr. Rochelean, seconded
by Mr Charotte, that James

from: ratepayers
ection No. 7, and
386.09, for municipal telephone nasess-
subscribers In Anderdon

pst, that Bylaw No. 691, for!

committes of th
Droufllard in the chair.

rac

  
    

nuary 8th to February, 1918,
January 28th to rien 8,1918 :

Under the Direction of Ontarlo Dept of Agricultural Essex Connty Branch and Harrow Women's Institute.
atock, planting, spraying, cultivation, cover crops,

picking and marketing,
VEGETABLE GROWING.

The farmer's kitchen garden, varieties of vege-

tables, hot-beds; ote,
SOILS.

Origin and types of soils, essential constituents,
#oil fn relation to heat, mofsture, air; methods of

cultivation, ‘conservation, principles of drainage,
practice in making profiles and plans, benefits of
drainage. :

MANURES.

Barnyard manure; {ts composition, care, applica-
green manures, commercial fertilizers, their

tion;
composition, value and application.

AGRICULTURAL BOTANY.

Plant structures, the relation of plants to mols-
The identification
and eradication of weeds and weed seeds, applica

ture, temperature, light and air.

tion of the Seed Control Act.
HOME NURSING AND FIRST AID.

The object of this course is to enable women to
easily obtain a knowledge of how to care for the
sick in the home, what to do in an emergency and
how to do it; how to render at all times the best
possible assistance to the doctor or to the nurse,
whenthegrservices are necessary, aithough very often
that expense can be saved because of the ability of

the woman of the home to handle: the situation.

Throughout the course the pupils have practical
work In reading the clinical thermometer, counting

The Kkeeving of a chart is
also taken up; this consists in keeping a simple
exact record of the various things mentioned therein.

pulse and respirations,

List of demonstration-loctures in Home Nursing:

1. Sick Room—Sanitation, Ventilation, Care, etc.

2. Bed-making for Various Forms of Sickness.

3 The Bath.

4. Emergencies.

6, Hot and Cold Applications.

G. Bandaging,

7. Disinfectants and. Observation of Symptoms.

8, The Administration of Food: find Medicine.

9. Baby Hygiene. :

10. Review and General Discussi~n.
The “instructor and memberssof the class .ma

substitute other @ubjects for two or three of th

lessons announced.

If the Institute members so desire, the insfructor
will give 4 few special talks or lessons to the older

other young girls of

girls In the school as well as
the neighborhood. =

INSECTS AND FUNGUS DISEASES.
A study of economic insects; their life‘historles

enses of farm crops, rusts, smuts, blights, rot and
scab; the preparation and application of sprays.

, BACTERIOLOGY.

Bacteria in relation to agriculture.
eases of plats and animals, bacteria in soll, milk,
silage, fruits, sewerage disposal,

FARM ARITHMETIC AND FARM ACCOUNTS.

Real and practical problems taken from avery doy
farm life; ‘measuring land, wood, copacity of silos,
bins, stock and feed problems, bullding problems,
table” of weights ‘and m@asures, Farm accounts,
simple business forms, borrowing, interest, discount,
mortgages, simple method of farm book-keeping.

ENGLISH AND COMPOSITION.
Essays. on agricultural subjects, corrospondence;

 

tte, seconded. by
Newman get a

by Mr. Papst I 3
making assess- Pst, that by-liw be re

third time.—Carried, and b =

   
    
   
    
     
 
  

read n° first time.—Carried,
Council went in
whole forthe second

Cherette in the chair,
second “time.

third reading,
Moved by Mr, Rocheleau,
by Mr.=Charette, that by-
a third time.—Carrled, an
a third time and passed.

pion by Mr./Charette, seconded
Mr.

get 0 warra
$1.25 for gn

, for 20 feet of
Wallace, Drouil-

  

reading,
By-law read

   
   
    

3, for {nspecting

  

Thrasher, $6.75,
n.; Glbert Rea-

     

    
    
  

filling hole on

   
   
   

sheep; Dalphise

 

        

tamps and

     
    
 

  

      
   

. 3.60 1,
ind also $2.50 | ance telophono calls? ncoh Dri
to Malden town. ard, Raymond Rocheleau, Walter

Papst and’ James
salary as councillor;
$37.70, balance of enla
fees on the sidewalk
and $2.05 for stamps;
$100 salary as "Treasurer,
Ing the financial atatemen
stamps and stationery,
miscellaneous OXPenses,
Moved by Mr. Dro
y “Mr.” Rochelean,
statement be accep
Curried, &

$16, commis-
on Middla Side

  

  

   

in

 

        
   
  

$160, part pay-
in the. Mayviile

 

. C. Odoti

on his coatract ~—Cerricd

    
      
     
     
  
   
  
    
    
  
   

Ing lumber and ly,

eléau, seconded
roeve basauth-

Mr. Papst
Carried.

COLCHESTER SOUTH.

1)

 

“

 

charged for a
— Zion. :
Miss Flossie

end .at her ho

   

 

   

Mc-
for $91.71, for

   
  
 
   

on: Tuesday, where she bh
some’ time. —Jo|
word that his mephey,
Eins, of Detroit, had

on Wednesdny to atte,
~—NMilfred Quick gave
report of the Boys’
Windsor, which 1
gate from Zion §

Rawson attend, 0. i
tion in Teron od he U. J. 0. ‘on

to weels as do
Gone Sorts Farmar

a
rok gor.

nd the |

te, seconded by | a

R. O. and Poll]

timp.—Carried 001. —W

elenu, that By-law

habits, nature of Injuries; the common fungus dis.

Bacterial dis-

Mqved by. Mr. Rocheleau, seconded

to committee of the
Mf:

Council resumed for

seconded
law be read
d by-law read

Papst, that Charles B. Whalen
nt for $80; salary as reave,

Charette, $75 each,
A. C. Mailloux,
ry as Clerk, $33
Fraserville,

$20 prepar-
t, $13.91 for
and $12.76 for

ulllard, seconded;
that the (financial)
ted and’ printed. —

Moved by Mr. Charette, seconded by
» that vo adjournssine die, —

Steud spent the wek:
here.—| a

Rawson arrived homo from. the. ne
ad been for
hn Higgins received
Franels Hig:
"and he left
.the funeral.
Canference held at
©. attended as dole-

     
   
    

       
 
  
 

Washing Oddities
Silks, ohiffons, kid Hoots,
feathers, lamp shades, pot
birds and animals; paintings,
pisno keys, fine woollens,
or anything dainty or un.
usual, use

  
     
   
  
 

Won't arm anything that pure
water may fouch.

Atal grocers. British mode

g

      
 

 

BOMB PLOTTERS SENTENCED.

   

 

All Get the Extreme Penalty.

 

The trinl of the Bomb-bund in De-
eroit, of which Albert Kaltschmidt was
the arch plotter, went to the jury. Frl-
day and after 14 hours deliberation a.
vedict pronouncing them all guilty.
was brought in, Barly Saturday morn-
ing Judge Tuttle delivered sentences
as follows: ki

ALBERT KALTSCHMIDT, “master
mind” of the plotters, guilty on all
three’ counts—(1) Setting on- foot ‘a
military enterprise agninst Canada,
an enterprise that resulted in the
bombing of the Peabody Overall plant
in Walkerville, the attempt to blow up °
the Windsor armory and a plot to de-
stroy the Canadian Pacific's bridge at
Nipigon, Ont,; (2) conspiracy to bomb
the Detroit Screw ‘works, munition
plant; (3) conspiracy to wreck the St.
Clair river tunnel, between Port Hur-
an and Sarnia. For these things Kalt-
schmidt: was sentenced to four years
in Leavenworth and fined-$20,000. The
penalty was distributed:) (1) Two years
and $10,000 fine; (2) ‘ong year and
$6,000 fine; (3) one year and $5,000’
fine. y
FRITZ NEEF, bomb maken.of the
gang, convicted on counts” 2 and 3,
two yenrs in Leavenworth, $20,000 fine.

MRS. FRITZ NEEF, sister of Kalt-

   
   
 
  
      
   

  

  
   
    
   
  
   
  
   
  
   
  
    
  
  

I OT TT 2 a a a EY

 

 

   
       
       
   
     
 
 
     
         

United States recognition of racial and
political rights, These were his ex-
cuaes for launching bombing conspir-
acles aimed at defenseless non-com-

         
    

 

  
  
  
   
     
     

  
    
 

a

 
 
      
     
   
   
  
  
  
  

 

 
   
   
   
   
  
    
    
   
    
     
  
 
    
   
   
  
   
  
   
    
   
   

Detrojters were equally \gullty. There
was no note of penitencé, no plea for
forgiveness to'the natjon whose hos-
pitality he had abused, » J
Fritz Neef furnished the big “movie”
thrill. Speaking in broken English ho
protested his innocence and finished
in a sudden burst of tears, shouting: *
“Whatever you do to me I shall say,
God bless the glorious Stars and
Stripes.” Bounding the table with
one-hond he reached for his handker-
chief with the other and.sat down.
His sentence was the maximum—two
years and a fine of $10,000,"

His wife tonk a sentence of three
years. and: a $10,000 fine without a 2
word, © | wd

All the defendants were keenly hurt
when the sentences fell. Thoy..ap-
peared surprised, not to say irritated,
to discover that bombing raids against
people not unaer arms should be con-
sidered heinous crimes. i
Carl Schnildt showed his color when
he had: been sentonced. Leaning over’
his wife and laying his hands on her
shoulders he cried so all could hear:
“My “heart Is ‘where my father and
mother is, with Germany.” *

to feel

 

   
 
     
    
   
   

a

   
   
     

    
 
   

      
      
    
   
 
 
  

by

        
    
    
    
       
  
  
  
     

 

 

 

 

te,

 
  
   
  
  
  
    

  
  
   

    
   
   
   

       

      
   
 

       
  
  
 
   
 
 
   
   
  

    
 
   
   
       
    
     
      
    
       
 
 
 
    
  
 
  
 
  
 
 

 

 

¥

  

: = amnsth y
~ ach well, your liver z
the bowels ar, andy
| blood pure. Y
condition )

 

 

    

x

=

 

 
