  

  

    
 
  
      
      
    
 
 
 
  
     
    
 
    

  
 
  
   
   
  
  

ering yellow at the surface.
by fine sand and silt which is often bedded.

boulder clay. The bank sands and gravel in the
deposited largely by glacial streams.

 
   
  

SAR

ESSEX COUNTY

  
  

LIN

: (Geological Survey Report.)

 

The writer 18 indebted to M. E. Brian, engineer of the City of Windsor;
John Millen, Treasurer of Essex county, and the Rev. Thomas Nattress, of
Amherstburg, for thelr courtesy and assistance, The report contains a short
description of the topography and geology of the county, a summary of the
materinls available for roads fn the county, and a detailed description ot
{he materials available In the various townships, It is accompanied by an
map. Three samples of gravel and two of stone from this county have been
tested in Toronto by G. C. Parker, assistant engineer to the Commissioner of

Highways of Ontario.
TOFOGRAPHY AND GEOLOGY.

BPasex county 1s situated ot the southwesterly end of southern Ontario.
Jt is 8 peninsula with Lake St. Clair on the north, Lake Brie on the south,
and the Detroit River on the west. The topography Is that of wn flat feature-
Jess plain. The highest ground cuts through the county in a southwesterly
direction from the neighborhood of Windsor to Leamington and forms the |)

watershed between Lakes St. Clair and Erle. r

The watershed is marked by a low, narrow ridge from Essex village to
Oldcastle and slightly more irregular, topography between Ruthven and Leam-
ington. The highest area lies east of Leamington, and where the Pere Mar-
quette Railway crosses it the elevation on the hill top is 734 feet above sen
Jevel or 162 feet above Lake Erle. The old Talbot military road follows the
crest of the divide nearly all the way from Windsor to Leamington. Several
gluggish streams empty into the Jakes and the river. The largest are the
canard river and Cedar creck on the sofjih, and Plke Creek, Belle and Rus:
comb rivers on the north side of the divide. The shores of Lake St. Clair
and a part of the Detroit River are low and swampy and 80 18 a section of the
Erie shore west of Kingsville. Past of Kingsville the shore is a high wave-
cut bank as far as Leamington. Point Pelee, farther east, 18 a long, low sand
spit projecting into the lake. , }

The bedrock of the county i8 covered by a thick deposit of boulder clay
with a few ridges and flat arens of sand and gravel on top. This deposit
probably averages nearly 100 feet in thickness over the county. The only
outcrop of rocks are at Amherstburg and on Pelee Island. Information ob-
tained from well borings indicates that the larger part of the county {8 under-
jain by the lower formations of Devonian age, while a small section in the
southwest corner may be of upper Silurian age. The rocks In these forma-
tions are largely limestones with some shales. :

The boulder clay {8 a blue clay carrying fragments of stone and wenth-
West and south of Leamington it Is overlain
West and northwest of Leam-
ington 18 a large deposit of sand and gravel in which the, beds are irregular |.
in shape and dlp. This depositsapparently overlies the fine-bedded sand just
referred to. In other places déposits of gravel and sand rest directly on the
county have probably been
The boulder clay Is a deposit left by
the ice sheets which covered this part of the continent during the Glacial
period. Deposits of sand and gravel on the beaches have been formed by
the action of waves and are in formation to-day.

ROAD MATERIALS.
SUMMARY.

   
  
   
 
   

There is very little rond material in Essex county, The northern tier of

townships along Lake St. Clair is practically devoid of rond meta} In the
western ¢ownships the -material are of poor suality and in sp-".’ amount.
Gravels and sand are found in large quantities between the vil¥iges of Essex
and Leamington lying in the southwestern part of Essex ciunty and in
smaller scattered deposits elsewhere, JFleld stone occurs in abundance in a
small aren just north of the village of. Colchester and in small amount in
other parts of Colchester South and Gosfield South townships, Bedrock is
to be hud at Amherstburg and Pelee Island.

GRAVEL.
a rule rather sandy and weathered to
a depth of several feet from the surface. They differ in their properties of
durability and resistance to the wear of trafic. Almost aay of these gravels
would improve the many miles of clay roads in the county over which the
trafic is’ comparatively light. Practically’ none of them would stand up for
more than a very short time under; say, 300 vehicles per day without an

The gravels of Essex county are as

\

artificial binder. The gravels would give much better wear if as little weath- |
ered material as possible were used. The wenthered material binds quicker

because of the clay It contains, but is softer than the clean, unwanthered

gravel. If the unweathered gravel be placed ona clay bottom thore {s
every reason to believe that enough clay will eventually mix into the road
surface to bind It together. The screening but of the fine sand In- deposits
which “contain large quantities of sand will be found advantageous, since.
coarses gravel willnot grind’ to dust as rapidly as fine.

All the samples tested are fine, that {8 ‘they contain more sand than |
gravel and this is characteristic of nearly all the deposits in Essex county.
The percentage of wear of the coarse aggregate in the, snmplé from Talbot
street 414 miles southeast of Essex is 6.6, the cémenting value of the coarse
aggregate was not determined; that of the fine was 116. The cementing value
of the pit near Oldcastle was 86 for coarse and 40 for fine, The sampletested
by Mr. Parker from Sandwich had a cementing’ value of 6 for coarse and
15 for fine: The wear of the last two samples and the cementing value of
coarge aggregate in the first could not be determined because of the small
amount of coarse sggregate in the sample. The high percentage of wear in
the sample from Talbot street southeast of Essex {8 due in a grést measure
to the fact that the wenthered portion of the deposit was Aneldded fn the

sample. >
The character of the different deposits is discussed in the detailed de-

geription of them. The unweathered portions of the gravel in Sandwich
South and Colchester North, and those on the Talbot road southeas: of Egdex
are fairly durable material. The weathered “portion; which is softer, ho!
ever, forms over one-half of the deposits. . The big deposit northwest of
Leamington varies in character, the more durable gravel ‘lying toward its
southeast end. The cementing values of the gravels {sapt to be gooa, except
where the material is very sandy. . :
Considerable sand and gravel from the local deposits have been success-
fully used in nearby concrete ‘constructidh, especially fn building barn foun-
dations. A good many miles of concrete streets have also been laid down in
the town of Windsar, but the gravel and sand used in their construction
have come practicaly entirely from outside the county. .

! CRUSHED STONE.

The fleld- atone in Colchester South and Gosfield South townships is very
largely made up of hard durable boulders and if crushed it, would make an
excellent foundation and wearing surface for sny
Bssex. It wauld require a gravel or other binder.

South is not present in I
that it would probably not be aconomical)to haul ft to

and instal a. crusher to’ prepare ’it for the, road surface.

any particular road

north of the village of Colchester there is much more stone to be hadwand | census taken In August,

probably enough to pay for the installation of a small portage crusher,

The stone at the quarry near Amherstburg andsjthat on the side of the | The trafic
Several miles of rond near | seen, was
It wears | gravel of this type, when the road surfaces are properly maintained and the

Livingstone cut in the Detroit river is very soft.
Amherstburg have been surfaced with stone from the quarry,

. easily to a fine'palpable dust an

The Pelee Island stone is also quite soft.
The results of the tests show that

suitable for the making af macadam roads. p

OUTSIDE SOURCES OF SUPPLY.

 

Sand and gravel dredged fro
“Lambton county; is sold by the Cadwell

 
  
  
    

the gravel is unloaded with a
The material is screened in dredging an

the dock consists of

coarser gravel piled on 3

pebbles and only of 20 to 26 per cent.
should make very durable road muteris
bank grave seen in tha SouBty, :
Or mestone
cubic yard. pgersvllle ks
Ontario for.

from 60 to 65 Cant
quality is to be hy Fh the

‘Bruce’ Mines rock (AN 1 :
Windsor at about $1.55 pep ton fob. boots at the dock. To these ch

would ba_sdded the cost o¢ unloading which would vary from 6 cents to 3
conts per ton, depending ypon the speed a
charged. There Is no diobt .that Bruce Mine
quality for road making than any

in Southern Ontario, and. ft fs to be hoped that som . :
the north shore of Lake Huron will-be used in the neighborhood of ‘Windso:
and other ports, hay X + Wi SRA ny

F DEPOSITS.

The railway frel
etl ton. Crushed dolomite of practically the sami

Canada

   

    
   

 
    
  
  
    
     

8 trap rock

 

DETAILED DESCRIPTION O
TOWNSHIPTS OF BAS

  
   
    

 

  

Pe em i re mr ot tt tt

Sandwich, carried over 80 per cont. sand.
golf links soub, the ridges aro practically
the pebbles seflom over &

several feet md the we
Hard pebbles viry in amount from 30 to 70 per cent. of the wi

' and shales up vw 40 per cent.
and shales up 'n) 40 per cent,
is absent or poolly developed.

According to local authorities :
been exlousted, snd what remains cannot be developed. North of Ojibway

woyeral hundred aubic yards have been taken from a number of pits, which

have apparently been abandoned for a long time.
be had fn Mat yeighborhood, however, and it compares fayorably In quality

wih that seen at Sandwich.

phices 18 feet deep. The extent of the
js 03 a rule so much sand with the gravel that
ate for economical extraction must be a small proportion of the whole
deposit. The material is on the whole of poor qunlity; it contains a large

proportion of soft pebbles,
A eranual metric test of a sample from the main street of Sandwich is given

ca page 90,

Jot 12, Concession IV, and streaks of gravel can be seen on the banks of the
Detroit. No other gravel deposits were found in that township.
in lot 12, concession IV, has to be dredged out of the creek bed.
coarse sand with 10 to 16 per cent. over one-quarter inch in slze. The sand

{s said to extend for one-half mile downstream.
places and the bed of the stream was 30 feet wide at the point examined, |

but sand is not to be found all over it,

county, and probably the only outcrop of bedrock. The quarry is 1% miles

north and east of Amherstburg.
gions 1 and Il, just south of the Michigan Central tracks, to which it is

connected by a spur.
level of the Detroit river and the following geological section Is exposed

from the top down.

Amherstburg. According to Mr. Nattress a small centroclinal basin under-
lies the site of the quarry. The drift is 29 feet thick, one-quarter mile to the

workings lie to the southwest of the present site.

large amount and 8 scattered over such a widéiarea | miles of road leading northwest of the vilage of Oldcastle

A ‘mile or two | then it has been kept {n repair and Is now dcraped after every rain. ‘A traffic

d.it cannot be recammended for use on roads | travel over them Is light.

the stone from both localities is un-

m the St. Clair river near Point Edward in
Sand & Gravel Company a Sang
5 d Walkerville for concrete and other uses. t
I McMillan crane and a 13-cubic yard bucket.
a part of {t again on the dock. Four

d th vel is sold at $1.37 per cubic yard. The
or five sizes are produced an ©. gra po LEM gn ed

limestone and soft pebbles. It
J, of better quality than any of the |

s said to sell at Leamington at $1.37 per

Th better classes of broken stone produced in
hinds one of Lie t rates from Hagersville are

Crushed Stone Corporation’ at Dundas
be delivered ut Detroit, opposite the city of}
argos |'

 
 
  
  

t which the boats can be dis-

is of wel IDOLS
limestone or gravel that can be abtain
@ of thé trap rock from

OF | north and east of

 

 

inch, ‘The deposit is weathg!
ered ‘part contains a large proj

 

portion of clay.
ole, sandstones
They are subangular in shape. Strathieation
They are subangular in shape, Stratification

    
   

   
    

sand hos been dug in the town of Sandwich.

A good deal of gravel and
the Bupply that was ava{lable in the town hos

There {8 mors gravel to

a whole varies from 3 to 10 feet, and is fn one or two
gravelly portion 18 not known. There
the amount which Is avail:

The deposit as

 

and is in general too sandy for good rord metal.

A small deposit of the same kind lies in a low ridg> near the Wellington
otel on the Detroit river shore 134 miles soutn cf Ojibway. Qo other de-
osits of road metal were seen in Sandwich West township.

ANDERDON.

A doposit of coarse sand was seen in a creek flowing into the Canard,

The deposit
It is a

It is 3 to 4 feet deep in

Outside of Peleg Island, Anderdon contains the only quarry in Essex

1t Hes west of the road hetween conces-

The surface of the quarry {8 about 30 feet over the

Total
Thickness thickness
in feet In feet.

8 to 11

1. Drift clay with a few boulders on the surface

2, Onondaga formation. 3 i
& (a) Crinoldal limestone

OC

 

“(b) Thin-bedded limestone .
i (¢) Dolomijtic limestone ...............e00
(d) Dolomitic Hmestone with more mag-
nesin than inc and d...........5% ,.. 18

33
3. Anderdon formation.

(a) High grade limestone carrying from
97 to 99 per cent. CaCO.3..........:.

(b) Low grade limestone carrying about a plus b 30
60 per cent. of CaCO3.............. 71 to 74

The details of this section were obtained from Rev. Thomas Nattress, of

southwest, 60 feet thick one-quarter mile to thc northwest and 45 feet deep

23% miles north by west.

The quarry has been in operation for over one hundred years, The old
The new quarry has not
been worked for two or three years, and the hole Is filled with water, It is
frregular in shape, and about 800 by 400 by 10 to 50 feet. A small crushing
plant and loading crane stand partly immersed in water on the southeastern
sido of the hole. Loading bins over the rallway spur, an engine house, and
other quarry buildings are on the northeastern: side. The quarry was oper-
ated by the company; the pure limestones found in it were used as reagents
in their chemical works, and only an occasional load of waste was sold. The
writer examined every layer of limestone exposed in thé. quarry and. found
all of them very goft. The stone has been used on the nearby ronds and is
said to cement well, but to wear to a fine and extremely troublesome dus
in a short time, The stone is not recommended for use on roads. b

Along. the Livingstone “ship channel, which has been excavated in the
middle of the Detroit river, great piles of stone have been dumped. A sample
was collected nearly opposite Gordon station, north of Amherstburg. In the
summer of 1914 it was being dug by the Dunbar and Sullivan Company of
River Rouge, Michigan, with a steam shovel drodgs having a 2'4-cuble yard
dipper, loaded on barges, taken to the Michigan side for crushing. and sold

for macadam and concrete work.
200 feet wide at the base, 50 feet high in places, and more than 3,000 feet
long,
The rock is light buff, somewhat porous and banded. It {8 a magnesian

jimestone carrying about 10 per cent. of~magnesia and m very little silica.

Under the microscope the grains of calcite appear angular and close fitting.

The results of a test made by G. C. Parker, of the staff of the Commissioner

of Highways of Ontario, upon the sample collected is given on page 93, The

results: ndicate that this stone is unsuitable for road work.

« SANDWICH SOUTH AND COLCHESTER NORTH.

Narrow discontinuous ridges of gravel extend from neariPelton, lot 12,
concession VI, of Sandwich South, in a direction south by east to the Canard
river near Gesto in Colchester North. The location of the midges sketched
trom such information as could be obtained in the field is sliioWn-on the map.

The so-called “ridges” are seldom over 4 or b feet high, and about 400
foot in width. They are not easily recognized ‘#8-ridges by the inexperienced
observer, but are generally so referred to by the inhabitants. The upper few
feet of the deposit Is weathered and contains clay and other impurities; the
lower © or 3 feet Ia fairly free from ‘clay. Thé gravel and sand rest directly
on the boulder elay which lies at the surface all over the rest of the town-
ship. Stratification {s absent from the deposits. . The gravel Ja fine, pebbles
rarely being over one-half inch in diameter. ‘They are angular to rounded
and from 20 to 50 per cent. of them are hard and durable. Sand is present
in la¥ge quantities, but is often coarse and ratuer sharp. .A number. of small
pits 3-9 feet déep have been dug in the deposits and a total of some 30,000
cubic yards removed. Water is apt to stand in the bottom of any of these
pits. The upper 2 or 3 feet of the material is as a, rule put on the roads,
the lower foot or two which Is unweathered, is used in local concrete work.
From a pit about one-half mile north of Oldcastie on the east half of Tot 303
the weathered portion has been sold at 20 cents per yard and the unweathered
at $1 per yard. The result of a test made upon a sample of the unweath-
ered gravel from this pit is given on page 90: Pav.

The gravel from these deposits has been used to surface certain of the

of the country roads In | neighboring roads, and where the roadd are properly maintained and the
The material in Gosfield | traffic {8 not very heavy, it. has given fairly good satisfaction.

One or two
was first surfaced
with gravel, presumably from a neighboring pit, fifteen years ago. Since
i 1914, showed that ope hundred and fifteen vehicles
a day passed over this road, of which perhaps 80 per cent. were automobiles.
at other times of the year is said to be greater. This ropd, when
in very good shape, and is an example of what can he done with

The. weathered portion, which ia usually used
exclusively oh the rond, {8 not as durable as the lower and cleaner gravel
and better results would be abtained if the whole bed or the clean gravel only
wore used, - o n :

Tests made upon the gravel from the pit near Oldcastle, referred to
above, showed that it had a high cementing value and was composed: largely
of sand under one-quarter inch. The sample included the unweathered part
of the gravel only. The amount of gravel available for road making In these
deposits is not very great. » % 2

A considerable amount of field Btone is to he found on lote 1, 2 and 3,
sancession VI, of Colchester North, but no fleld stone was seen in any other
part of the two townships. » v

MALDEN AND COLCHESTER SOUTH.

Several small deposits of gravel and sand, lying in a string, trend sounth-
east from near North Mallen, in Malden township, to a point about. 4 miles
wast of Harrow; in Colchéstér South; one or two deposits of gravel are
found north aud east of Harrow; and a considerable amount of field stone
occurs between the villages of Colchester and Harrow and in’other places.

The gravel deposits. which extend from No!
arg very small, thelr usual depth is from 3 to 4 feet, and thoy
more than 300 feet across. r
worked out; the two southerly are the largest. The deposits are underlain

       
 

 

     
  
    
  
  

 

     
    
    
    
    
 
     
   
   
 

 

  

   
  
  
 
    
  
  
 

The material is fine, the pebbles

$0 per cent. is sand, and clay {5s always pr

to rounded and about 26 per cent, are of Tt

‘not! of a durable type, but: should improve the neighboring clay roads f

properly spread and carefully maintained. ~~ Re A

© Three. small Hdzes of gravel are found fu co :
arrow. Their locations are given ol he, sa,

sit

nt.

 

The pebbles

   

westerly pit, lot 9 concession III, 50 per cent. of the de

a Se ane 0

       
      
  

  

      
 
  

Basox, Gosfield North, fn & southeasterly direction as far,
South, and two smaller detached or
pontoflice. |
its crest for nearly the whole way. The crest o
feet abov

posed.
clay and is stained with fron oxide,
oxide and little or no clay. .

of them are no longer worked.

1,700,000 cubic yards.

portion should be fairly durable
gofter, but contains considerable clay which helps. in bindiug the road sur-
face.

On a rond with clay bottom the clean gravel will bind and it will make
a better rond if the weathered material on top {s. left oul.
Talbot rond {8 too heavy for this gravel without an artificial binder,

  
  
  
   

A narrow ridge of sand and gi ‘

deposits lio hotween:

The ridge Is 8% miles long and the Talbot road

  

the general level of the flat country on both sides.

More than ao dozen small pits have been opened on this ridge
The weathered part has probably nearly all gone on the nef
If the length of the ridge is taken as 8 miles, its average width

Of that

eing held at $1,000 per acre.

The gravel contains 30 per cen

terinl. The weathered part

The Sand and Gravel Deposit West of Leamington.

A large deposit stretches from near the luke shore southwest of Lenm-|cutting small eye

miles,

and some Gi
Judging from their respective arens and Expert ves
depths the amount of material removed from them is over 175,000 cubic
yards.
! roads, the unweathered bottom part is used for local concrete work and for

cement blocks.

In the weath-

ghboring

400 feet,

and depth all over 3 feet, the amount of sand and gravel present Is about
quantity about 50 per cent. {8 weathered
material which contains a good deal of clay, Thirty to seventy per cent. of
the remainder I8 sand under one-quarter inch in diameter, ‘The ridge has a
great many buildings on it and gravel land {8 very expensive, some of it
It {8 probable that only a small portion of the
sand and gravel present will ever be excavated.
of hard pebbles and the unweathered

is much

Trafllc on the

along
t the ridge fs from 6 to 12 op
1t is from
800 to nearly 1,000 feet wide, averaging perhaps 500 feet, and the elevation
fs 80 slight that its ridge-like character is not alwayl apparent. In a num- |
ber of pinces on the northeastern side there is often a rather abrupt slope
down to the flat, but the soutreastern slope is very, gentle,
The sand and gravel Iie on a bottom of boulder cloy, which appenrs to
be at about the level of the surrounding plain.
and wenthered to a depth of from 2 to 6 feet.
boulder clay thers Ia In'many places a rather fine sandy bed. From 30 to
60 per cent, of the deposit appears to be sand. 4 1 2
About 30 per cent. of the pebbles over one-quarter inch in dinmeter are
composed of sore hard rock such as granite; trap, or quartzite, the remain-
der being largely limestone with some shale and sandstone.
ered portion the shales and other pebbles are in many cases entirely decom-
As a result this part of the deposit contains a large percentage of
The unweathered part contains no iron

The gravel is unstratified ©
At the bottom just over the

party in Mersea and partly in Gosfield South.

and resembling an frregular horseshoe.

The dump on the Canadian” side 1s large.

 
  
    
   
 
 
    
 
   
 
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
      
  

Malden to the southwest
: : “are rarely
Several of the more northerly Ones are éntirely

boulder clay and are in a number of places weathered right down to the
a rule under I inch; from 50 to
] are. subangular
ble rock types. The gravels are

ncessions 11 and B11 Just

In the |
to 1 fnch' in diawot id

Inch’ in diameter. are. gular

ale or soft limestone. The dopant is un- |

ngton northyvard for 4

Ns outlines are quite irregular and it lies |fourth of a potato,
neéd be used.

  
 
   

DA

' Directions Worth a Gan asmay
Sold erarywbere, site

 

TIME RIPE TO START -
THAT POTATO PATCH

 

Advice to Amateur
Gardeners.

 

Now Is the deal time to begin that
little potato patch in your back yard.
Advice to the amateur agriculturist
who intends to combat the H. C, of
L. by the garden patch method is
given by Dr. BE. P. Schafiter, in charge
of the local office ofthe burcan of
animal husbandry of the Department
of Agriculture. :

Even if you haven't a big garden
you can raise some potatoes in large,
deep boxes—and thus keep prices
down.

“To raise the kingly potato cheaply
and profitably.” said Dr. Shaffter,
“one should cut conewshaped pieces
of flesh, containing eyes, from the
lordly vegetable, and not waste whole
potatoes slicing them in great pleces
for planting purposes. - By merely
pieces, only one-
possibly one-fifth,
And in these days

The deposit lies in a flattopped ridge about one-half-mile wide on top [When potatoes are being accepted for

Its slope to the east is More gentle.

All the beds In any one cut do. not all dip at the

They consist of alternate

  
 
  
 
 

 

succession will be entirely different. From the Michigan Central pit to the |
Talbot road the gravel is sald to le largely toward the énstern front of the
main ridge, the western part being mainly sand. -

The alternation of the sand and gravel ‘beds {8 shown in the section.
Tlie ‘proportion of sand varies as indicated and it is high in the two largest
pits. Layers of fine silt aré found in many places and a thin bed of clayey’
sand is found in a few pits.” Clay occurs in'ghe 1 to 6 feet of weathered
material on the surface, but the unweathered material {8 practically, free |
from clay. The durability of the gravel varies as indicated in the accom-
panying table, The hardest material {8 apparéntly found in ‘the southeast-
erly pits. The percentage of soft material fn-this gravel indicates that It 18 |
not suited for heavy traffic. The road going sout’s from, Leamington be-
tween the corner of Oak street and the north endl of ‘concession 1 i8 sald to
nave been surfaced with gravel from Fraser's pit in the summer of 1912.
When seen inthe late summer of 1914 it was in fair condition, pub furrows
6 inches wide were worn all along the length of it. This road is subjected
to moderately heavy, traffic. and if kept in repair the surface will doubtlessly
last for a few years longer. Fisk

Two very large pits have been excavated in these ridges and a number
of smaller ones, the sizes of which are given In the accompanying fable. A

total’ of more than 2,000,000 cubic yards of sand and gravel has been exca- |

vated from them and about 80 per cent. of the total amownt came form the
two larger pits, Nos. 17 and 22, mentioned ’in the table. The emount avall-
able must be enormous. * Opposite the Michigan Central pit (No. 17) gravel
has been found from 16 to 26 feet down; near the Talbot roel it is from 40
to 50 feet deep with the laat 10 feet in places in fine sand, The total of sand
as well.as gravel .may run to 100,000,000 cubic yards. What proportion of

that is sand?cannot be estimated with the data at hand, but {t is probably |

present in greater amount than the gravel.

The gravel seen In the various pits 8 fairly free from impurities, but
contains much sand and fine silt; it is also, except in a few pits, composed
of rather soft material. Details regarding pits within this large deposit are

contained in the following table. {

PELEE ISLAND.

Stone outcrops along the northern shore and across about one-third of
the southern part of Pelee Island. On the northern shore is’ a quarry owned
by Captain John McCormick, Scudder P. O., Pelee Island. The excavation
les within_a few hundred feet of a small pier. It is about 400x200x20 feet.
From the top down it consists of: 3 ; 4

~The stone {8 sold as rubble at Wheatley at from $8 to. $10 per cord, The

quarry was opened about 18 years ago. .
On the west side of the island mot far fro mthe west wharf {8 a quarry

A low bar connects the two prongs. movie theater admissions that’s some
The main ridge drops abruptly, about 20 to 30 feet to the south, west and |saving.

north.
The deposit Is fairly well stratified and from the Michigan Central to |and watering is most important.

++ | the Pere Marquete pit the beds, where seen, dip east and north, or in gen- plant a
eral toward the inside af the horseshoe. In Smith's pit on the south edge |
there is n northerly dip.
same angle, and In many instances a flat bed will lle over or under ong
made of a number of steeply dipping layers. Many of them are lens shaped |to day.
and in places they overlap like shingles on a roof.

fertilization
To
plot 50 by 100 feet will call
for from one and two-thirds to two
bushels of eye seeds. The seeds can
be pared from the potatoes from day
The cuttings should be spread
out on a plece of paper in a moder-

“Proper attention {o

layers of sand and gravel which occur in no definite order. The following is |ately cool room and left until the sur-

a section in the pit of the Windsor Sand and Gravel Company: face {8 dry. “Then they should be

Thickness |stored away In a cooler place, but

in feet must be protected from frost. .

(a) Sandy rusty gravel loam.... 3 “Potatoes thrive best in a sandy

(b) Fine gravel dipping cast 214 [soll, but they will grow In any soil

(c) Finely cross-bedded sand having a feathery appearance 134-3 except loose sand or thick clay, pro-

(d) Alternate layers of fine sand and fine gravel well bedded 3-4 vide it is well drained. Land should

(e) Sand, cross-bedded In PIACES........covernsimeirminnas 3 be well cultivated. - If possible it

(tf). One-half inch sandy gravel............ 1% should be plowed about geven inches

(g) Gravel with glay, pebbles 34 to 1 inch. 4 deep and pulverized. Fertilizing is
(M)ASAnd. on i ne A eas vi 1 highly esgential.

(1) Gravel % to 3 Inch,. 1 “Besides potatoes many vegetables:

(J) Sandi LLL 2 might’ be planted by persons having

(k) Gravel 334 [land they could use for truck gardens.

rT ri oh Bn A eT EE a OED Yi 11% |A garden should be fairly level but

{well drained. A sunny exposure {8

: 29 to 32 |needed. Weeds must ‘be killed. Sul-

The upper part of the section from a to d is shown in Plite V. The |phate of potash {8 a good maturer

beds are not of great lateral extent, and at points 100 feet apart the |when used in connedétion with mn-

nure.”
OH, YOU CABBAGE HEAD!

 

 

_Tha people of this city have became
‘shock proof In regard to. Migh food
prices. However, a few Sarnja wo-
men in a local store on 2° irday A
last felt that the newest and bigest
bomb yet had exploded. And iU wa¥
only & perfectly quiet” and harmles
looking cabbage. “What Is the orice?”
asked one of the women, indicating
the vegetable. “Ten cents" a pound;®*
answered the dealer without a quiv-
er.
the scales. “Seven pounds—just 70
cents,” he said. A. chorus of djsmayed
|“Ohs” amote the alr. “I'll’ take ® can
lot corn home,” sald the woman who
liad asked, when she recovered. “And
I—wefl it will be a few days longer
befors I pay nearly a dollar for a cab-
bage,” sald another as she marched
out.—Sarnfa Canadian.

REGARDING DEPARTMENTAL x

_% JW _ STORES. ow

 

(Simcoe Reformer.)

The local post office staff handled.
a'ton and a halt of Batons cata:
logues last week. According to the
theory of the man who says it does
not pay to advertise, Jack Eaton must
be sending out these picture ‘hooks to’
amuse . the children.—Ambherstbiirg
Echo.

The Paton Catalogues that came {0
Simcoe a week or 80 ago for distribu=
|tion in this community filled a couple

 

  
   

 
   
      

(a) Thin bedded grey fairly’ tough limestone beds each 4 * of big >drays. Wes fancy” Norfolk
' inches thick ........ Rico ws isn ya ae 6 feet | county’s share of the cost of the Eaton
(b) Grey sandy or shaly limestone, beds each 9 inches Catalague would come pretty clofe to. *
RE Nwis vals orale o sis ninte TER SO 8 meeting the advertising bills of all: :
(c) Buff limestone weathering grey, beds irregular from 1 ra the merchants of Simcoe. The ques-
to 3 feet thick........ caesnaemidieraony Beabunens 9-4 tion is, whose is the better judgment, *
! ——— [the Eaton Company's, or the towm
19 feet |merchant who. parrotlike, keeps on:

| muttering over his for
pay to advertise.” Eaton's are every
year spending more money on adver- :
tising; every year there are convine- = ©

  

 

 

owned by William McCormick. The quarry lies in a ridge standing about 30
feet ofer flat land to both the south and north of it. From the top down the

beds the quarry are: =

 

  
 

Water stands at 22 feet from the top of the rock, but can be let down
another b feet or so to near lake level. The beds le flat and are rather soft
under the hammer; large blacks can be obtained from this quarry.

An old pler about 400 feet away had at one time 18 feet of water along-
side. The harbor is open to the west. The quarry was worked 26 years ago
and the stone sold for construction in the Welland canal at, 25 cents per

yard at the quarry. :
On the south end of the island atone outcrops. over a large aren.’ It fs

  
      
  

    
 
  
   
 
   

  
 
  

at this pl

  
     
    

     
   

quarry, is given on page 93. . ;

 

  

  
  

; BURY NORTH AND TILBURY A S| yellow hag i ty oc ind onthe ard weath ered. © ek dg ;

For about thirty : y of Lake St. Clair ix a or Caer d William ec! 6 material In the n lot 12, con- ; \ oll Vg Be =
lens continuous strip m 10 to 100 feet wido and 1 to § toad oi that § 15) foot deep. ALA ( p Addie 2 peat vo :
f 3 pri | : t TR x : - ‘copy of our new illustrated 8o- |

Al : Gl ERE REP | pogo catalogue of ‘Garden,

 

Flower amd Field Seeds, Root
‘Grains, Bulbs, Small
Garden Tools, ete.

of somewhat the same character as that at Wm, McCormick's quarry. The
Kelly Tilind Stome Company of Kelly Island have bought 100 acres of stone

oi * ey : %
The result of a test made upon stone from Captain-John McCormick's

   

   
 

ing signs that they are cutting mora
deeply into the businsss of town mer-

   

   
    

(2) Thindbedded limestone ........... 4 fect |chants. While a majority—not all,
(b) Heavy massive bedded limestone. i 15 * |but a majority—of the merchunts of
(c) Mussive'bed of Hmestone.. A, .. 4. u.... dass aie Foes ve Fi every town in Ontario blindly refuse
————— to see why the drift. is away # from
23 feet them and refuse to apply the remedy

The town merchant cannot fight the

city department store by sitting in lis 6 5

office and wringing his hands. But if
he will only recognize his position'he.
will find” that he has more than one

counter {n his hands in the. game w

the city store. He is on the spot; ha"
is personally known to tie comn

he wishes to cater to; some of hi
«cists aro lighter; he can make good i
stantly any error that occurs. It

will adopt as his own, the two
trenchant weapons of. the depart
store, lve advertising . and. depen
able service, he will at least >

      
     
   
 

    
  

Ing matters and things that
would not look well in print,
keops them to himself they
harm anyone, but if he unbridi
itongue, he Ia likely to got into
" & ujore or less serious chi
‘townsmen:: was In

Ln
Jad

  

    
 
     
  
  
 
     
  
  
    
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
   
  
   
 
    
 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
   
 
  
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
 
 

    
  
 
  
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
   
  
   
  
  
 
   
     
   
  
 
  
   
 
   
      
   
  
   
  
   
   
  
 
 
  
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
 
  
 
   
   
   
 
 
  
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
     
       
  

 

Then he placed the cabbage on,

  
  
   
      
    
   
  
  
  
   
  
     
    
   
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
     
    
  
   
 
   
  
    
  
  
   

radia: “It doesn't ©

 

   
  
  
   
  
    
