To 60 0 Taking “Frt-o- tes”
Because They Did Her Good

Rocuox, P. Q., Jan, 14th, 1915.

“I suffered for many years with ter-
rible Indigestion and Constipation. I
had frequent dizzy spells and became
greatly ran down. A neighbor advised
me to try “Fruit-a-tives”. I did so and
to the surprise of my doctor, I began
to improve, and he advised mo to go on
with “Fruit-a-tives”,

Leonsider that Y owe my life to “Fruit~:
8-tives” and I want to say to those who
fuller from Indigestion, Constipation or
Headaches—try Fruit-a-tives’ and you
willget well”. CORINE GAUDREATD.
'560c. a box, 6 for $2.50, trial size, 250,
‘Atall dealersor sent postpaid by Fruit.
a-tives Limited, Ottawa.

 

Published by
THE ECHO PRINTING CO., Limited

Amherstburg, Ont.
J. A. AULD, A. W. MARSH,

PRENIDENT, Ara V-IREAN

- Friday, October 26, 1917.

Ontario Liberals did not. choose
successor to Hon. Newton Wesley
Rowell as leader of the Opposition in
the Legislature, at their meeting in
Toronto’ Saturday afternoon, but they
passed a resolution expressing their
determination to continue the fight
for the progressive policies advocated

 

mittee of seven to decide on the mode
ot procedure in connection with the
appointment of a provincial leader
and to’ formulate the program of busk
ness to be brought, before the ad-
Journed meeting to be held within the
next thirty days. Stewart.Lyon, editor
of the Globe, and J. E. Atkinson, pub-
Usher of the Star, are both prominent-
ly mentioned in connection with the
vacant leadership.

A very dnteresing investigation into
the cost of producing milk is in pro-
gress at Ottawa. At Friday morn;
ing’s session it was declded to wire
distributors and producers in the var-

W. C. Kennedy, Liberal Nominee. |

With the adoption of a resolution,
moved by Wm. Grant, of Walkerville,
and James Hedrick, of Rochester,
concurring” in the plan suggested by
North Essex Conservatives regprding
the selection’ of a fusion Parliament-
ary candidate, North Essex Liberals
at Windsor, Saturday afternoon vir-
tually accepted the olive branch ex-
tended to them a week ago, and nam-
ed a strong committee to confer with
the executive of the Conservative or-
ganizetion on the question. The com-
mittee is made up of Gordon M. Mc-
Gregor, Managing Director of the
Ford Motor Company of Canada; Alex-
ander R. Bartlet, barrister; W, E.
Gundy, real estate dealer; James An-
derson, General Manager Windsor
Street Rallway Company; Maurice
Renaud, capitalist, and Severin Du-
charme, M.P.P.

Following the discussion of the
selection of a “win-the-war” candi-
date, the gathering unanimously en-
dorsed William C. Kennedy, of Wind-
sor, as the Liberal nominee for the
constituency.

Mr. Kennedy's name was proposed
by Severin Ducharme, M.P.P., and Dr.
P. A. Dewar, and was connected with
a resolution which, after ratifying his
candidacy, fnstructed Nr. Kemmedy to
“pursue a thoroughly independent
course in Parliament, if elected, no
mptter what government may be in
power, supporting only such meas-
ures as he considered will best assist
the Empire in a successful prosecu-
tion of the war.”

Mr. Kennedy, who on rising was
given hearty-applause, said, in part:

“There have been differences of
opinion with regard to the Military
Service Act. Many Liberals, as well
as Conservatives, have’ held the view
that a Union Government should have
baen arranged two yegrs ago and that
enforcement of selective conscription
of men and of wealth would have
much better conserved our man-power
and taken to the front the classes of
men best adapted for service in place

with large families; Involving great
economic waste insproviding for thelr
dependents, while leaving young, phy-
sleal fit, unmarriedemen walking the
streets or drawing large wages.
Pledges Support to Selective Draft.
“The fact remains, However? that
Liberals and; Conservatives alike,
without distinction of politics or oth-
erwise, have sacrificed their lives,
and what is often much hardér, the
lives of their sons in this" great na-
tional effort to win the war, and
whatever differences of opinion may
have existed heretofore the military
service act has been passed and be-
come: law, and It js our unequivocal
duty to obey it. I will, if elected,

Chased, fred Macklem’ o ba
ot on atreot enst, an ved into
the same last week. i. ai

Pte, Elmer McCormick, of this town,
who was shot whilé guarding a bridge
at Niagara about a month ago, is still
in Toronto hospital. The bullet went
through his ‘left forearm making a
severe wound. The shooting took
place at 1 o'clock at night and is a
mystery.

The engagement is announced fn
Woodstock of Miss Florence Audrey
Thompson, eldest daughter of Mrs,
Florence Thompson, King street, to
J. Kenton Bradford, eldest son of Jas,
Bradford, “Tintagel,” Lenmington, the
marriage to take place late in Octo-
ber. !

What {8 claimed to be the largest
orop of tobacco ever grown by one
man in the counties of Essex and
Kent, has just been purchased from
G. A. Brown by Messrs. Prosser, Snid-
er and Roach for the Rock City Tobac-
co Co, The estimated amount of Vir-
ginin Bright leaf 8 from 90,000 to
100,000 pounds, and Burley 20,000
pounds. The entire crop will
bring about $40,000, and was grown
by Messrs. Smith, Abboft and Nor
wood on Mr. Brown's farms located
on Talbot street east and west.

A. J. Stevens, government engineer
stationed at Windsor, accompanied by
George Atkin and Howard Noble, of
the Board of Works here, and Town
1 Selkirk, visited Point Pelee |
Wednesday afternoon, © where Mr.
Stevens made Investigations regard:
ing the operations of sandsuckers.
Mersea township council also visited
the point in a body to see the amount
of damage done. It is understood that ;
an gngineer has been at the Point for |
several dnys making measurements
and soundings. It {8 said to have been
found-.that where shoals existed In
the past and the water was only 9
feet deep, by the removal of these
shoals the ‘Water 18 now 25 feet deep.

The Leamington Canning Co. has
turned” out the ‘largest pack of to-
matoes, this year of any factory in

toes having been used In the scason's
operations. , This year the manufac-
ture of catsup was taken up which
gnablgd the company to utilize to-
matoes of all sizes and give a greater
return to the growers, The factory
started operations August 16th and
finished for the present season last
week. One thing which helped both
the company and growers to handle
such a large crop was the importa-
tion of forelgn labor which enabled
the company to furnish pickers. It a
understood that the same course will
be followed next year,

“Kitchener Place” was a blaze of
light on Friday might in honor of'|
Pte. Spm. McFarlane. He was met at

+ In Gades, ;

Only those men found physically fit
tor combatant serrice by the medical
Boards: will be fmluded in ‘the firat
quotas called to tie colors under: the
Military Service Act, All such are
now being placed 1v the examiners in
Category A. .
= Mén not in flawiss physical condi
tion are being assed as to their fit-
ness for war service in non-combatant
units, effder fx Canada or overseas
according to the shape they are in.
Suck men may be called up later and
reexamined or they may be called
| tor noncombatant services. The {m.
| mediate’ need, of course, Is for men fit
for activa service.

Experie shows that the psysical
condition “of men varies groatly, that
18° a, man‘may improve in. a few
weeks or months. Some of those pass-
ed as fit ‘By the medical hoards re-
cently had been rejected by the doc-
tors when they hod applied for enlist-
ment fn the volunteer forces.

BLOOD - MAKING MEDICINE

It took centuries for medical science
to discover that the blood is the life.
Now, it Is known that {Ff the blood
were always abundant, rich, and pure,
very few people would ever be {ll
It was not until the end of the 19th
century that an instrument was in-
vented for measuring the red part of
the blood. Then doctors could tell
how anaemic a pationt had become,
and with medicine to make new blood
the patient soon got well, ¥

All the blood In the body is‘nourish-
ed and kept rich and red by the food
taken daily, but when, for any reason,
a person is run down and cannot make
sufficient blood from the food to keep
the body in health then a blood-mak-
Ing medicine 18 required. The sim-
plest and very best of blood-makers
suitable for home use by anyone, is
Dr. Willlams' Pink- Pills, When a

! good effect Is soon shown {8 an jm-

proved appetite, stronger nerves, a
sound digestion and an ability to mas-
ter your work and enjoy leisure hours.
For women there is a prompt relief
of, or prevention of ailments which
make life a burden. As an all-round
medicine for ,the cure of ailments
due to weak, watery blood no medi
cine discovered by medical science
can equal Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills,
You can get thesé pills through any
dealer in medicine, or by mail at 50
cents a box or six boxes for $2.60 from
The Dr,. Williams’
Brockville, Ont.

Medicine Co.,

ee -—

ISESSSSSES

N—

—=

DETROIT

SHES

7

« $17:50

A splendid group which is especially notable.
The superior workmanship which emphasizes
the fashionable fabrics offers ample freedom
for individual selection. Of Wool Velour,
Cheviot, Broadcloth, smart Mixtures in all the
desired color tones. Deep,‘eape collars of fur
plush, belts with button and buckle trimming;
novelty pockets and cleverly styled cuffs.

BOIEGELG |...

CORNIR WOODWARD & STATL
MO CONRICTION Th AN 7 OTTER STORE ne

SOLICITED

xs

SNES NS PNAS

AND POTATOES bu n 7 1 s ®

From the 5 ~
: Exemption Boards have been chosen in such a way as to make them abaolutely independent and
«Hi removed from all influences: There are over 1,250 boards throughout the country, cach compbsed of two
men, one appointed by the county judge in the district concerned and one selected by a joint committee of
Parliament. Being familiar with local conditions where they sit, the members are well-fitted to appreciaté
such reasons for exemption as are put before them by men :

dous cities throughout -Conada re | pledge myself to use every effort to |the- station by the Leamington band, | DISTRIBUTION OF SEED '-GRAIN

questing that they appear before the |see that It {3s carrled out!
committed Wednesday or Thursday Time to Conscript Wealth.
new, Zobural oa stam He “I hope the new Union Government
their side of the question. The meet- | Will adopt a real policy of conscrip: In reply Pte. McFarlane told some |
ing’ discussed the charts which had | tion of wealth (including real excess | stories Of trench life and thanked the By Lat oh Mata a
been prepared. The following prices profits taxctipn and real taxation of people of Leamington for the royal | : : os me hms His Hon Minis o
show the cost of producing a quart large Incomes. The war must be reception given him. Whan the 99th | of Agricultur,

the Boy Scouts and many citizens. Ad-
dresses of welcome were given by

Rev. Dean Kinder, Rev, L. W: Hill,
Lewls Wigle and Col. W. T. Gregory. DOMINION EXPERIMENTAL FARMS

1917-18.

in recent years, and appointed a com-| "yo great number of married | the Dominfon, 40,000 bushels of toma- | course of these pllls is taken their

Exemption will be granted to those who can establish that itis in the national interest that they remain

rma, 3 < 6.9c: New | carried on, and Premier Lloyd George Battalion ‘wis recruited, Pte. MeFar- | superior sorts of grain ‘and. potatoes
ol milk: Nova Scotia, 6.9c; New e in civilian life. Thisis for the Exemption Board to decide after having received full information in cach case.

£3 A i has announced that it may be only | lane asked to be taken. He was then Will be made during the coming win-
toes, Montreal by “the last dollar that Is spent that |5g years dld, but in excellent health, | ter and spring to Canadian Tarim.
Sur Me on Handlton district, victory will be bought. And Yet we|and was accepted. His. son, Pte The samples of grain for Sistribut on
6.4¢; “Ontzriok. London Qlstrict, 6.1c; [Stil find the profitecrs muking huge | Archie McFarlane, went over with the ! Will consist of spring bi. oa
Ontario, Ottawa district, 6.7c; Manj-| Profits out of the war, even In the [same battalion. Pte. Sam. McFarlane Ibs.), white -outs Bheut 4. 8) ar- x the na | . :
toba, b.7c; Saskatchéwan, no’ fimures fidgs nofeptaries of food, go bruger; ug transferred ts tie ah C. MR, | oy hou. 8 TE) and elle leas engaged in other wark in which he is habitually engaged. ’ ; 4 Tho
ee ast a ia) Co exploiting the many for the benefi d severe youn S . | © ! AY Sadient in ¢ a ! ¥ \
Tamia, Ter S64 British Co- fob ho Tew, i “A ‘Dretty welling. took placa x | Ca ie or CA Be a 5h So hd Yd of Bing employed bn Miliary Service, be ff he
.

E Wednesday evéning_ of last-week at the | Ottawa, by the Dominidn Cerealist, That it]s sepaiont in thy sation] eit Gti od of ne dhe is ;
RS RASS SSH -d>”yqr A men, who have been wringing dollars | home of tho bride's parents, Mr. and | who will furnish the necessary appli- to be educated ar.irained for any work for which he is then being educated and b Mary Service, L
—Reports submitfed to the annual |Out of sufferings of the“many, should Smployed Fron continu

Mrs. J. T. Easton, when thein eldest | cation forms. a“ : (6) That serious hardship would ensue if the man were placed on active service, owing to his exceptional financial for
meeting of the Ford Motor Company, | 2¢ compelled to disgorge at least some | daughter Kathleen, was wedded to| “A distribution of potatocs’in samples * business obligations or domestic position. Bian.
Ford Monday shows that the company | YérY substantial portion of their, ill-| Ernest Ruthven Wigle, «eldest don, bt | of about 3 Ihe, will'bo carried on from (®) Til health or infirmity.
handled n volume of -business aggre- | Botten gains to assist this country in

BME, and Mrs, Angus Wigle; Kingsville, | most of the Experimental Fagms, the | | That he conscientiously abjects to the undertaking of combatant sérvice and is hited from doin :
gatl 23 632 iscal| B1VIDE better pay to men at the front |Rev. B. A. Kinder, of the * Anglican | Central Farm supplying only the Pro- 4 and torr youl objects ts sixth day of July 1917 oo organized Lin emma ang fo;by tansy
ooo, daring tie fia) and better pensfons to returned sol- a | Cai hich Ye in good

church, officiated. Tne home was | Vince of Ontario. ; well recognized in 3
increase of $8,632,000 over the preced- | 41€F8. The profiteers, the trusts, the | prettily deborated fof .the occasion, | ~All samples will be sent free by ©) That be should be exempt because dislranchised under the War Time Election Act” J
ing year. The COMIpANY's production banks and corporations ‘require no

The grounds on which exemption maybe claimed (which are similar to: the grounds recognized in
Great Britain and the United States) are as follows :— . Semen

(a) Thatitis expedient in the national interest that the man should, instead of being employed in Military Service, be Sother

“The time has come when these ives
<osh; |
Will bi

- notes
¥ 2 annum
aredis.
LAR}

nada at such date, and fo wl in ith belongs. Ta

the color scheme in the drawing“?oom | mail. Only one sample of grain (and
during the year. ending July 31st was

50,837 pleasure cars, -compered with
32,646 the year before, an increase of
18,181." No trucks were included in
the output. For the current fiscal
year, the company’s output is estim-
ated at 60,000 cars and 10,000 motor
trucks. The directors and officers of
the company were re-elected as fol
dows: Henry Ford, president; G. M.
McGregor, first vice-president, treas-
arer and general manager; James
Longens, second vice:president; F, L.
Klingensmith, third vice-president;
WIR. Campbell, secretary. The com-
pany now operates. eight branches in
€anada, in Toronto, Winnipeg, Mont-
real, St. John, N.' B., Vancduver, Lon-
don, Calgary, Saskatoon, and one in
urne, Australia.

The “Union Government” has fasued
its prospectus.” Sir Robert Borden in
an official statement outlines the pro-
Pposals of the new adminftrations.
The document is a plain list of pur-
+ pose without argument or embellish
ment. It contains no reference to
tariff and no.intimation that there is
to be conscription of wenlth or Inbor.
It decloros for adeguate taxation of
‘war profits, cod incroased Income tax-
ation. It indicates that there will be
‘a labor man for the “labor portfolio,
that there will bo civil service reform.
consideration for the claims of sol.
diers, votes for women, co-operation of
railways, cicouragement of shipbuild-
ng and the development of a Canad-
“ian mereantile marine on the Great
3 and the two oceans, economic
administration at home, agricultural
: tian to reduce the cost of pro-

ietion and marketing, and thorefore
er the cost of living, It is also)
ed to establish

ed. there is to be a
ted for war and a committee to
out other reforms enumerated

nifeato. The document {a re-

d a manifesto for the pups

fuming aicampaign for the re-
thesmnion government.

| features of Friday's
re the Dominion Com-

ds investigating the
of Canadian pack-

88 _the examination of evi-
8” form of letters and
~ from the fles of the

gentle nursing, and the time has come
when the ‘ordinary man; the mechanic,
the, artisan, -the laborer and the toll-
er must be protected. 3

Food Control; More Pay to Soldiers.

“I am in favor of food control. By
this I’ mean the kind of control that
controls not the appetite, but the
price of food. F am In favor of in-
creased pay to the soldier and fn-
creased allowance to his dependents,
so that the men who have sacrificed
everything for their country may have
the satisfaction of knowing that their
dependents are not In any sense the
dependents.of charity.

Abolish Patriotic. Fund.

“I am also in favor of the abolsh-
ment of the Patriotic Fund, for 4"am
convinced that money ‘should be
raised by ‘texation and administered
by the department, in the same way
as pensions or soldiers’ pay,.so.that
soldiers’ wives and families may not
depend on the charity of citizens, how-
ever goheerfully it may be extended.”

N/T

SIXTH CITY MAN,
TWICE PATRIOT,
TO GO TO FRONT

(Cleveland Leader.)

Loftus Cuddy, twenty-nine, Overlook
Load, twice patriot! Birth in Canada
and residence In the United Statés
rendered him exempt from draft, yet
he left his work, the superintendency
of the Vulean Oil Refining Company,
Pittsburg, enlisted at a British re-
cruiting paint in New York, and
went immediately .into on officers
training ¢imp in Nova Scotia, white
lhe became sargeant. Sunday he was
at home at Overlook Rond; having
been granted a’leave of absence from
the "Artists' Rifies, who are training
for commissions-in London, England.
He ‘went to England two months ‘ago
and said Sundey hé expected a com-
mission ‘would be awaiting him on
hin return, which would mean his im-
mediate apponitment'to a post on one
of the fronts.

The death August 24th of his father,
Cuddy nnd on the voyage to England
Wednesday for a few weeks.

On two occasions bombs dropped
from German airplanes raiding Lon:
don exploded within a few yards of
Cuddy and on the vayoge to Englang
his transport was beset by two sub.
marines, which, however, were out-
distanced.

“All England is fighting mad now.”
Cuddy sald. “Slackers have a miser-
able time of it, for the Britishers ave
not timid about questioning .the ab-
sence of a uniform. American soldiers
were welcomed like brothers when

stopped ashore. I was. not on

being pink, And In. the dining room
yellow. Allard Wigle, brother of the
groom, was. groomsman, while Miss
Edne Wigle, sister of the-groom, was
maid of hanor. Train’ bearer was
Master H rbert Gregory. The ribbon
bearers were “Miss Faith Turnbull,
London; Miss Maud Nichol, Detroit:
Misses Lorna and Flossie Duke, Olin.
da; Miss Roselld’ Wardroper, Ypsi
lantl, Mich., and Mrs. C, H. Metcalfe,
Windsor::: The ceremony Was per-
formed inthe ‘presence of about sixty |
Tuests. The bride was gowned |

of the few, and: grinding the poor. A pretty wedding took place on! from the Central’ Experimental Farm,

white satin, and wore a veil, #n heir-
loom of the family, over 100 years old. |
Her travelling sult was of blub broad-
cloth with "fur trimming.” The" young
people, after a short honeymoon trip
east, will reside at the Canadian Soo,
where the “groom, is manager of the
Dominion Tar and Chemical Co.'s
plant. The bride is one of Leaming-
tons best young ladies, while the
groom, born and reared in Kingsville,
{8 in every way worthy of the charm-
Ing young Indy he has won for a life
partner. The Echo with their many
friends here wish them all the fiappl-
ness possible fn their new relation-
ship.

POSTMASTERS MUST
GIVE ASSISTANCE

Specimen Forms Filled. Out to be
Hung Up to Guide Applicants.

Postmasters throughout the country
have received explicit instructions to
give every assistance to applicants for
exemption. or report forms under the
Military Service Act. Further to
facilitate the filling out of forms, post-
offices have been supplied with speci-
mens specjally Intended to be hang
up, for. reference’ by applicants. The
specimens are identical with the form
to be filled out, except that they do
not bear a reference number. By con-
sulting the specimen, the applicant is
able to make himself fully familiar
with the method of filing out his par-
ticular form. -

it is pointed out that ithe type of
form used was adopted both a8 a

one of potatoes) can be sent to each
applicant. As the supply of seed is
limited. farmers are’ ad/ised to apply
early.
J. H. GRISDALE,
Director,
Dorainlon Experimental Farms.

RUTHVEN.

The last ten days has been a’ busy
time for the owners of silos. It has
been only a few years since the first
one was introduced Nere and they
have proved such a success that ev-
ery fall sees many more of them erect-
ed. The hum of the cutting machines
is heard here every day, filling the
many sllos with chopped corn and fod-
der; now claimed by experienced far
mers to be the best feed for all kinds
of stock.— Tha late tomato season has
Just closed and nithough the crop was
not quite as good as the 1916 output,

yet. many huhdreds of bushels were
hauled to the ¢anning factories and a
falr price Was realized for the whole
crop. ‘The vines are no wall ploughed
under and the fields are seeded to fall
wheat. Owners of vineyards are now
getting their harvest and many bas-
kets are being shipped to the markets.
The quality 18 firdf class and: good
prices are being received by the
growers, The crop all through is as
large as the 1016 acreage.—Allen Mec-
Charles hag purchased from Kenneth
Dawson 10 acres from the west side
of his farm.—Fred. Malott, who for
many years was the keeper of the
Colchester Uighthopse, and who, resign:
ed his position, has been employed by
the managers of the Alice W:' a flsh-

‘ing tug, which i doing a big business

this. season.—Colin 'Naville, ;who un-
derwent a serious operation! at St.
Mary's hospital ast weak, {sin a fair |
way to completo recovery.—~The witite-
fish season has opéned two weeks earl- |

fer than for many years and thousands
of pounds are now being,

No Claim for Exemption should be put forward unless one or other of these grounds in fact exists,
Exemption unless

and no loyal citizen'should assist in, or allow himself to be made
thoroughly satisfied that it is made in good faith.

Exemption may be applied for by the men sel

employers. Application for exemption must be made of
which are to be filled in and left with the postmaster if sxempfion i¥ desired. Th
emption

the form to a Registrar, who will send it to ‘the a propriate
re the Board.”

Applicant will get notice as to when he must present his case befo,

|

GOSFIELD SOUTH.

Trinity.

Miss Fay Oxley, of Windsor, spent |:

Sunday with relatives in ‘this vicins
ity.—While sharpening the knives of
a allo cutting bax, Jolin, son of Bur-
well Malott, had the end ofihis finger
taken off ag”far ad the first” foint.—A

number from here attended the school |

fair héld at Salem on Saturday lnst.—
Misa Lucinda Tier and her friend; Mra,
Johnston, of Detroit, Mich., spent Fri-
day with the former's “brother, Nor:
man, Her, of this place.—Miss Arm.
Atrong, a missjonary home on furlough
from Japen, gave a very Interesting
talk to the members of the Mission
Circle and the Missionary Soclety on
Friday afternoon last.—Mr. and Mrs.,
Frank Manary,' of Leamington, spen

Sunday evening with the Intter's cou.
sin, Mrs. Aurelian Wigle, :

’ h

bo % wy = \
Representatives’ of the Military De-

partment on the Exemption tribunals;
met at London Thursday

will obtain it

fishermen all along the phore~One of | “You must be

the busiest places In this ‘district

these days Is the large up- te sor-
ghum il which {8 o by ‘Everett
means of keeping accurate check aud | Wigle, ‘West of here. His mill /

as a protection to the man himself.
The man who has filled out his form
I§ given an attached receipt bearing
the Sams mbes as thy form. This
receipt h& can always produce
show that he has complied with the
terms of the proclamation. .. Every
man coming within Class One is re-
quired to fill out one of two forms.
It he does not wish to ‘claim exemp-
tion, he fills out the report form.
he wishes to claim exemption, h

ing this way again nj

«covered with hundreds of loads
cane. ‘The mill is running nigh

day and’ turning out the good old

ghum by the barrel—The tho
of wild geese that yisited 1

ia spring and which went to. the

woods for the Summer a OW ©
them their younz (n countless
bers. They are on their

It | ern homes for the

fills |
out the exemption claim form. t]

grounds on: which a man. m
exemption are indicated
The. man merely places
posite the one on

and politica

Wee ;blagmo her's

duty 1s to give the
Hetle enforces a Peps
tablet, and thus pre- 7
vent any weakening

i -of the lunes, 3 the
‘tablet dissolves 1dithe child's
~mouth; the South og) iedl-

Ine Baie

7 : hi and relict,

in
can beflyen toa'c
hols or crushed
‘with the assu
benefit,

@

a party to, any Claim for

n printed forms to be found at SIT post office;
rd,’ Ip dus time,
Issued by The Military Service Council.

Ee

Board.

the.

 

CO
Sal

] County

By |
of the
the #0
tho 10

& 10 mo

upon |
for tn
Togoth
1 Ne
Sub-S¢
1014,
for ar
and th

b omcee,

in the
45th,
and th
I fu
suant
LX shall
Bord,
thio foi
Court
. the Ce
public
4s ma
tho £3
| less 8

sooner

Count

Date
© tembal

PE
