~ PAGE Wo i

TOWN AND COUNTY.
7p. S. Asmer, fruitier, who suffer-
ed an attack of pneumonia, 18 on the

mend.
—The storm Signal station has been

put in operation for the fall, and is
very busy.

—_Mr. and Mrs. George Brown, of
Walkerville, spent the week-end at
their parents’, in town.

—James Robidoux was home from
Alpena for a few days. “Jim” was
draftea in the U. S. army.

—Mrs. Ralph Tusing and two chil
dren, of Detroit, are visiting her moth-
er, Mra. Esrins Fox, this week.

Voods & Ouellette's machine shop
was so rushed with work from the
B. M,, tha at they had to run night and
day

__ The well at the waterworks was
thoroughly cleaned out this week, and
the water seems to taste a little
sweater,

—The flat, above the Denike Drug
store is being painted, papered and
all modern conveniences Installed, to
he rented.

~Envelopes were first used In 1830.
Bofore that time one simply folded
one's latter togther and fixed ft with
scaling wax

Alfred Burns, late. of Barberton,
Ohio, has purchased the Fred. Brooker
place on St. Arnaud street, and will
move to Amherstburg

—The tug L. P. Smith stopped at
this port on her woy from Port Huron
#0 .Cl-veland: to let off Chef Dolphus
Bezaire, who is very IIL

—Mr. Hoover, I’. S. Food Control
ler, has put it up to the girls to wear
low shoes and high dresses, so as to
save on both leather and cloth.

-All Christmas parcels for the boys , :
overseas must be in the postoffice by
November 15th The careless delay
of 4 day may mean a terrible disap-
pointment to the one to whom you |
are sending.

“Now |s the time to wrap your wat-
ar pipes and th protéct them against
the frost of the coming winter. Run-
ning taps decrease the pressure and
greatly inconvenience the residents on
the higher levels,

—Parkhill women are starting a
“drive” on the farmers of Middlesex
which hos for its immediate objective
the securing of one thousand fine
chickens which the’ women want to
prepare and send to the ho in the
trenches in time for Christmas.

—Everett Kelly I of the J.
W. Wes ‘anipa s branel office
here, pi I medical examination
in Windsor Tuesday ‘with a very high
standing He will continue’ in the
employ of. the J. W. Westcott Company
through the remainder of the season

~—Work has been started on the new

wl’ 1 ey hy 4

pig rary eri Sa a

THE DOUBLE GUARANTEE

Under his guiding hand the Gray ifatitution lias
been builded solidly on its original foundation—
value and service to the purchaser.

When others rushed into the motor car industry,
Robert Gray bided his time.

Others experimented —on the motorist.

 

O reputations guard your investment when
you purchase a Gray-Dort.

Two liabilities are your
satisfactory use and service.

They chose as the engineering groundwork for their
organization, Etienne Planc 5 designer of the
world-famed Pugeot motor. ~ They surrounded him
with men of equal calibre, who round out an
indtitution unique in its manpower.

assurance of doubly-

Two institutions striving 1n united effort to main-
tain the foundation on which they have been

built—full value to you, the purchaser. After Such Preparation—

steel aocks at Ojibway Main street,
paved last year from Sandwic
Turkey €reek,. hes been clos
the Sandwich, Windsor &
burg railway is building new tracks
in the street. The old river road is
also closed to traffic as part of the
new construction will be pat on the
old road. A number of mew houses
are under construction near the site of
the new docks

—Passing themselves off as Domin
ion Government officers, Wo, men have
been visiting places in the “western
part’ of the Province, entering homes,
claiming they are to find out how
much preserves and other articles are
being stored. In Parkhill they
brought a wagon and removed a lot
of stuff. The superintendent of pro-
vinclal- police. has been instructed to
try to capture the thieves, They are
not Government officials at all. -

-Mrs. A. E. Gooderham, of Toron-
to, regent of the National Chapter of
the Daughters of the Empire, opened
Saturday afternoon the new wings-and
administration building which have
been added to the Essex County
Tuberculosis hospital at Kingsville-on-
the-Lake at 4 cost ol $36,000. Dr. A.
Bell, caltief inspector of the Ontario
Board of Health; Mayor C. R. Tuson,
of Windsor, and Mayor C. W. Hoare,
of Walkerville, usslsted in thé ¢
monies.

—The Dominjon Government as
lifted thedban. dn oleow rine, Ac

In Ghatham, Ontario, the Wm. Gray & Sons
Company and Gray-Dort Motors Limited the
one hale and solid at sixty-two, the other strong
andlusty in two years.

In Flint;, Michigan, since 1885, the Durant-Dort
Carriage Company; since 1915, the Dort Motor
Car Company.

Gray—the Indusiry and
its Builder

* Our fathers and grandfathers rode in Gray Carriages

—and found them built on honor and character.

In 1855, William Gray built the fist of them —
built them so well that Gray quality became

proverbial.

Growing up in this atmosphere of big business, of
successful enterprise, of worthy endeavour, was

Robert Gray.

Others gained the reputation of a day—and lot it.

Robert Gray knew -that the ‘car bearing his name
must have the same underlying qualifications as the
Gray carriage —so he waited.

Dort-—at the Same Time,
in Flint SE
Paralleling the growth of Gray in Canada, was a
similar institution+in the United States.

Blue Ribbon Buggies were to Americans what
Gray Buggies were to Canadians.

J. D. Dort, too, was building in Flint, as ‘Robert
Gray was building in Chatham.

J. D. Dor; too, was analyzing the: motor car in-

dustry.
In 1915, Robert Gray decided that a good motor

ear could be built and sold, at a reasonable price.

In 1915, J. D. Dort, studying the situation from
the same angle, came to the same conclusion.

The two men met. Their identical views and

With two inftitutions so solidly founded the first
Gray-Dort was built.

Is it any wonder that in three days the entire: 1 916
output was sold?

It was to: be expected that a doubled output for
1917 was heavily oversold. .

The output for 1918 is doubled again ands may
be inadequate.

Note the Car for 1918

MOTOR Gray- Dort, 4 cylinder, cast en'bloc, L-head type,
bore 3} in., stroke 5 in. speed 2000 R.P.M., horse-power 28.
Cast. Iron removable heads. Carter carburetor. : Therine-
syphon cooling. Westinghouse two unit starting and lighting
system. Connecticut battery ignition. Three speed and re-
verse selective transmission, with double’ raw New Departure
bearings. Gasoline tank ynder cowl. 1 beara. heavy duty
front axle. © 7 floating rear axle, w ith forked tube torsion and
Hyatt High’ Duty bearings. 10 in. internal expanding and
external contracting brakes.  Springs—front 37 in. elliptic.
rear 50 in. full cantilever. Left-hand drive. 16.in. irreversible
worm and nut type steering wheel. Centre gear shift’lever.
Emergency brake, right pedal. Service brake, clutch pedal.
Accelerator. Detroit demountable rims. 30x 31¢ Dominion
tires. . Nobby tread rear... Westinghouse deci lighting.
Linoleum covered: running board, Lock ignition switch.
Dashlight, ammeter, roberail, footrail, clear-vision windshield,

cording to despatch m= Qawa.
It is said, “however, thas 1a sbutier
substitute tan be manufa ed only
under , Government supervision, and
that if imported from the United
States, it must pasa a standard, set by
by thé Dominion. It [8 expected that
che’ Governnient factory will be ereot-
ed at once ‘to manufacture the .pro-
duct. The lifting of the embargo will
release a large amount of cattle feed
to be used for other purposes, accord- 3 . ol < : !
ing to the message ’ A 3 rb } 2 . - / - ™1 ’

—1It is well to sound the slogan, AGENT

“Do your Christmas shopping early,”

AMHERSTBURG

Not meny weeks remain before tha
Dealers ; in every locality...

st mail will lcave for England tifat

ill carry gifts in time to réach the
sldiers_by Yuletide. The shops are

~ -~ ONTARIO
The Dort Motor Car Co.,. Flint, ; Mich.

aspirations inevitably attracted them:to one another. one‘man top, tools; equipment complete.

 Prices---Touring Car $945 ; Roadster $945
‘£o.b., Chatham.

Prices subject to change without notice.

reddy feeling the impulse of fis
ade and preparing for it by providing Js
“onvenient collections Of articles that
rest fill the wants and hopes of those
who are just ontering uponanother
fong and severe winter campaign, and
no_soldier should be unremembered.
—A number of milk distributors gave
gaye Information: to the special Milk
Committee at the Food Controllers
office in Ottawn last week. It appear-
wd to be the concensus of opinion am:
ong those examined by=P. B. Tustin, |
chairman of the committee, that if a
wentral or concentration system of de-
livery was adopted for the distribution
of milk, there would be a saving of a
cent a quart. This would. enable the
distributor to pay the farmer one-half
cent per quart more, and at the same
time give customers milk at one-half
cent per quart cheaper. The wit-
nesses approximated the yearly loss in
milk. bottles from $1,000 to $10,000
chiefly’ due to ~ carelessness of the
consumer, but caused also by theft
of bottles, weather conditions and fac.
tory breakage. @
_ =A motorist who drives along a
rural road at a rate of more than
seven miles an hour Is violating the
Motor Vehicles Act, notwithstanding
. the fact that one section of the Act].
says tnat cars shall not he driven at
+ more than twenty miles an hour. This
is the decision of Justice Lennox,
ES down lost week in the Second
, Divisional Court, Appellate Division,
~ In the of Bradsh~.w vs. Conlin, a
case which Involved the Interprotatjon
of Section 16 of the Act. .In his de-
cision that the appeal should be al-
“lowed and a new. trjal of the action
directed. Justice Lennox was support-
ed by the majority of the Court, but

GRA

LIMITED =~ -  . CHATHAM at

In the United States

WINES HAVE "DISAPPEARED.

[ wines manufactured Within the pro-

i vince the manufacturers will be prose-
License Board's Declaration of War | cuted.

Brings Results.

ee

WINDSOR. tained wholly by a Polish: congregs-
tion, ‘and when completed: the church
Cooper Medicine Co., of Dayton, O,, | Will be the only one of its nationality
manufacturers of Tanloe, has leased [in Western Ontario. Assisting the bish-
a three-story building on Kildare road, op were Revs. Dean. Bb; D. i

PRODUCTION OF HOGS. (Doun
Pertinent and persistent investiga Walkerville, for a Canndisgy factory. | ot Windsor; ne LE
Stove Medersky, of Ford, dled | in TR adr, Walle

tion on the part of the Inspectors of | Market Practically Unlimited or More
Hotel Dieu, Windsor, Saturday of can.
Yuqston pita

the Ontario Licsuss Doar. the, oon: Live Stock Essential.

sequent prosecotion and fining of To-; cer. “His wife and six children survi

ronto driggists, and the decision of A campalgn for increased Production him, Burial 3 onsus parish, Windsor;
the Board © deal In a more drastic (of hogs 1s being inaugurated in Cane A aera Sunday Worn ng of Be Hit Rev. R. Ir
manner with manufacturers and ‘ada. The market is practically unlim:| James: Isdor, Droullard road, Ford, Immaculate 0) a ’
gists caught manufacturing and goll- ited and the, farmers need have no| started a fire Saturday morning which Aol oc

ing medicated wines, has caused the hesitation in devoting much more at-|caused Ser fr re

elimination, af these Wines from To- tention to the production of hogs, Jao Sumage to BE. Wiala ro

ronto drug sures. which is one of most dmportant 4
According to Chairman ‘Flavelle, of and most rapid m of incrassing Gunner lato 5 Wii. ot aT
a ots Eo er a ap of | ER i
© los! ave oa 8 uf Io)
thorough hunt for these wines, and |ada should conserve and fri nd. 8 her ||
‘| have failed to denyer any tre trace of in Borops maw bean. Srona Stocks ]
them. Some Lit Donn: § greatly Swigted. |

The low cost
per cup

It is hard to believe that a cup of good, rich
tea only costs about a fifth of a cent, but,
- you sce, Red Rose consists chiefly. of Assam
 teas—the richest, strongest teas in the world.

Red Rose easily yiclds 250 cups to the pound.
And it’s a tea of

‘tion Is one for damages by an owner
of a team of horses against the driv-

his team on a rural road, At the trial
~ the defendant pleaded that all precau-
5 Fequired by the Motor ‘Vehicles |

+ | called, upon
| that hig had
the stuff, and

further orders fo

 
