   
   

  
  
 
   
   
  
  

5

Mohair Dress Good

 
 
   
  
   
   
 
  
 

    
 

Glen Thornton has. purchased . a)
Studebaker automobile. ¢

   
   
  

Pearcy Vo
g his fi

Publishea by ‘vialtin

   
  

 
   
  
   
 
   
  
 
 
   
 
 

THE ECHO PRINTING GO., Limited | We ave for sale Corn, Seed Wheat, | = pp,“ yg
= 1 Onts, Qh and - fines. T. R, Flood : yon. Welnesdby.
XS 7 Amherstburg, Ont. on ah bigs EEE Thrash.

Enid . Chester, eld
The Malden Ladies’ Ald have chang-| or" 15 racovefl

| 9 als plenic date to. Wednesday, | or" niness, ilo has best: ort
uly 4th. ¢
Mrs. Edgar Atkin left Tuesday to a i fie. Her friends all
attend the Branch Convention of W. hope, for a gpdy recovery .
M, 8. at Petrolea. 3 fr=>. Thrasher have been
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Smith, of Detroit, vied apie and relatives in Sand:
ey | ant Be evo. 3 out
iy an nesday. : ; - aware No.

“ho Malden W. M.S: will entertain Peng Hie J. W. Gibb,
the W. M. 8. of Zion on Wednewdny, |; ine 75 @yn and Seeds, Amherst.
Jung, 20th, at the church: "| burg. : 2

A quantity of Delaware No. 1 seed | “pos re dpracting for your spring
potatoes just arrived. J. W. Gibb, {,,0 pai e and have Bertrand &
Phone 76, Grain and Seeds, Amherst: | pron ah, sjgrliem up and give you a
urg, - 19.
ald in spring farming, Sir Edward Pprdy P. McCallum, teacher of S. S. i cor of selectad New
Kemp replied fn the negative: Condl- No 4, Malden, has been re-engaged|pryowiokholce seed potatoes has
tions, he said, were different from |e . spe coming year at an incréased just arrfyl and’ for sale at J. J.
last year, whep there were Many |gjary Brault’s, guherstburg, Phone 205.

troops in the country. At present the | paris contracting for your spring Mrs, Pap Golden, of St. Thomas, 18
time was short for soldiers in camp lambs, be sure and have Bertrand & quite in he home of her husband's
to prepare for overseas, ahsence ten-{pranch, size them up and give you a gone ” 28 Golden, She had recently
ded to demoralize the corps, and the price. Phone 19, undergofletwo operations at St.
danger of contracting contagious dis Ed. Heaton suffered a serious finan- ALY :
enses such as mumps and measles was | iq) loss one day last week, two fine Joo Chiles’ son yhderwent a very
more or less acute sows which had been turned on clover, | ;arion. Soiration for hip, trouble at

dying of gastritis. Hotel Die Windsor, on Monday. It

  

3. A. AULD,

PRESIDENT.

Fyday, June 1, 1917.

Le Cunada, published on Montreal,
says that here are at least a dozen
mémbers of Sir Robert Borden's Gov-
ernment who are opposed to caonscrip-
tion, among whom {t ‘names Oliver
Wilcox, M, P. for North Essex.

from a mvere spell

At Old Prices.

 

 

 

    
 

   
  
   
  

 

   

 

 

They are exceedingly useful for dresses, suits, bathing
suits, ete. Their silk-like texture and long-wearing qual-
ities, combined with the low prices at which we offer’

them, are bound to bring us business.

 

 
  
 
 
 
 
     
  

 
     
 
  

  
   
 
  
   

   
 

 

    
  
 

—B. M. Macdonald asked the Min-
{ster of Militia If, In accordance with
the precedent set last year, soldiers in
camp would be relensed on leave to

 

      
      
  
 
 
   
   

At 50¢. the Yard

42 inches wide, we show a Dark Brown Stripe, and
the following in plain colors—Green, a nice shade, Dark
Gréy, Light Grey, Mid Grey, Light Blue, Mid Blue.

 

 
 
      
    
  

At $1.00 the Yard.

44 and 46 inch stripe Sicilian, very fine texture, in a
pretty Brown, plain Brown, Sicilian, Navy Blue, Small

  
 
  

   

Shoes onthe Farm

   

 

 

 

5 The Windsor Record’s splendid jubl- Dr. and Mrs. F. W. Phillips and 1b McLean, of De.
Check. 54-inch heavy goods in Blue or Golden Brown fee Issue, on May 28rd, gave Windsor fp,hy. of Detroit; -Mr. and Mrs. J. L.| frog Pr. PR gm ss
Stripe. = enviable Plice Sy a Powers, of Sandwich, motored down bo His making a good recovery. : ;
ada forever. In a gn=to, bain and spent Sunday at V. Pillon's, Mrs. Jin Finn, of Sandwich West, - .
} At 75¢ the Yard. largest special edition” ever published [“potatoge™ A cor of selected New |, Sree Soilifam and Frank Thrash: The farmer does not have to spend his hard-earned

by any Canadian paper, it was a most | grunawick choice seed potatoes has profits on expensive leather boots, these days. ~-He

er, of thitownship, 1s recovering from

A pretty Dark Brown shade in Check.

 

creditable produceion as regards con-
tents, type arrangement, artistic and
historic features, and the art préserv-

just # arrived. and. for sale at J. J.
Brault's, Amherstburg, Phone 205.
Irene Mayville, daughter’ of Mrs,

the effec of a stroke of lightning re-
ceived” hile crossing a fleld near
her hb “on Tuesday of Inst week.

and his Wife wear FLEET FOOT SHOES.

   

Easy

on the feet and the pocketbook; light, springy,

 

Black Mohairs, Alpacas and Sicilians, commencing at

  

ative of all arts generally. The growth Joseph Dufour, of Ecorse, Mich., con: Her Hwand found her lying in the

50c and up. All splendid” values.

   
   
  

You can always get a good “make-up” suggestion
from Butterick. We stock nearly all sizes in all patterns.

Bartlet, Macdonald & Gow,

 

 

 

J Oc ma Ae |
He will tell you that they give bétter wear and set

: Ask the Man Who
Wears
"SOVEREIGN" BRAND GLOTHES
better than any other kind of ready-to-wear clothing.
We feel suhe you will be

Besides these features, they are most moderate in the

   
      

$8.50 - $10 - $12 © $30

# _ Your choice of the most extreme styles .as well as
those that older men want. Choice of any weave you
want as well as any color. The best way to judge these
suits is to come and try one on.

pleased.

Boys Suits--the Best
at $5 to $15

. Youngsters and older boys.will find a suit here that
will come up to their expectations in every way—fit, ma-
terial and pattern. Parents will indeed be pleased when
they see the wonderful values we offer.

So many new ties here that it would take up-a whole
day to tell you about them. They're made of extra fine

Oak’ Hall for silks in a great variety 50
0s

of new colors.” A special

NECKWEAR showing at only.........

OAK HALL

“Everybody Knows Where”
A. LANGLOIS, Manager.

 

 

prices.

 
 

 

    
 
 
  
  

 

= Where There's: Life, There's
WE HAVE IT, AT REDUCED PRICES.

DI cakes ° $5.50 or iC. Per Cake
Er “Gold, Comfort; Sunlight, Surprise

ee etna DCCake

We also sell all lines of Groceries at Cut Rate Prices,
7 ESPECIALLY TEAS.

OUR ICE CREAM PARLOR 1S NOW OPEN.

: te's—the only velvety-ice cream, served insani
Tow 3 Ye ones : i ary

Ss. ASMAR’'S

“. Cut Rate Grovery. Amherstburg

fede deeds

Soap

 

li

efecfesfecfacfectsefutactartorortocisniocion]

  

 

¥

Gocfesfesorfortosfestectectontoctecfactoctscte

           
  
   
   
 

 

 

 
 
  

. The bodies of Fullerton and his
| #on, drowned at Sandwich, were .re-
#8] covered.

The record of violent deénths in De-
troit and environs for the first five
months of 1917 is appalling.

John J. McDermott, formerly of
Renfrew, , who was employed by
(the Canadian Tube Co, Montreal.
along with his father asa special con-
atable, ‘was shot and killad as a high-
nyman by a Montreal policeman, on
Saturday night.
i Hrs. Leucadia Parent, Wie of EJ
\ y 45 cents mund E, Parent, machinist, 110 Par-
42 to 45 for ont -avenud; - diod at her home Mon-
Washed, and 60. to| doy night after a short illness. She
> ; | was" the mother of Denis, Aurel, and|
© | Antoinette. ti
© |lene, Clara,

  
 
  
    
    
  

WANTED AT
le Woolen ils

1 ie.

     
    
  

 

  

epee fede def fede def deeded doled ede ferent

 

  
 
   
  
    
 
  
   
     
  

  

of-the Record truly typlfits the growth
of the city of Windsor, and the histori-
cal sketches of the city, and its princl-

of cuts of" prominent business men
and its news features were worthy of
the Record's progresgive publisher.
“The spirit of a progressive commun-

vertising support given by the busi

 

ness men of Windsor and » border

municipalities. The Echo counts the

Jubilee Record a valuable contribu-

LIMITED. tion to the literary history of the coun-

ty, - and adds its congratulations to

9-11-18 Sandwich Sti East and 16 Ouellette Ave. those reaching Bro. McKay from all
¥ WINDSOR parts: of .the Dominion.

: WAR NOTES.

Blsofeshorfostortesfortscfontorfesiscyofestortesionorfesfortostoriortectecfortorfectoctostsfesforestecfosssfectert wT

Herbert C. Hoover, who has been
named food administrator in the Unit:
ed States, says that the country faces
a war that probably will last from
two to five years, and only by the
most careful measures con the United
States give the Allies’ enough food-
stuffs to keep them in the war with
the constancy demanded tp bring vie-

tory.
gre —

THE OTTAWA CRISIS.

 

No light hag as yet come out of 'the
darkness that surrounds the plans of
Sir Robert Borden, either for:the reor-
ganization of his Cabinet or the disso-
lution of. the House and an appeal to
the people. Vital. issues are belng
worked out bekind the scene§ at Ot:
tawa, and while * nothing definite is
known newspapers | correspondents
agree that the outcome will be a “win-

the-war” Cabinet of-both Liberals and | guests who attended the

The Farmers’ Sun in| recital of Miss Cec
“The | day evening, given under the augices

Conservatives.
summing up the situation says:

outcome at the moment of writing,-is | ©
uncertain, but {t may be assumed that | ©

thé®aisest agent In the crisis will’ be
Laurter.”

= —————_

GOOD ROADS.

 

 

A deputation _of reeves
various municipalitiessin western part

tinues about the same.
slek all winter with heart trouble.

The Malden Athletic = Association | wqq
pal industries, the liberal sprinklIng |i hold their opening sport day on

She.has been | 5419 apied her to the house,

Conrof revision for the township
pd Saturday last, with only
three speals against the assessment,

Saturday afternoon, June 2nd, at five which ere all dismissed. The appeal

o'clock.
to be present.
Owing to the absence of the

the seryices in the Methodist church | p,rip; “bombardment by those who
Henry Atkin

next Sunday afternoon.
will preach at Zion

Sherman Collison had the novel ex-| 1a. anniliflated by a well directed

~~morning of | 54¢'rom the Anderden guards,
watching wild ducks swimming around

perience Wednesday
his oat field.
crop there this season.

The Ladies’ Ald and W. M. S: of the

Malden Methodist cliurch will meet at

Mrs. John Waters’ on Wednesday af-| gy mer please advise Manager Bon-

ternoon, June 6th, at 2 o'clock. Every
member Is requested to be present.

The trustees of S. S§¥No. 4 have pur-
chased 11-10 acres of land north of
the school from J. G. Parks; to extend
their school grounds and make a
choice recreation ground for the chil-
dren.

Some of the corn planted early i3
sprouting and will come through thé
wet spell all right. Recent rains werd
just what the wheat and grass re-
quired, both of which are coming
along very rapidly:

There will be morning and evenin;
services at Malden ‘Methodist chure
on Sunday next, J ard. Pearcy M
Callym will occupy thie pulpit~in ti
morning ‘at 11 o'clock; Henry Atk
in evenin:; at 8 o'clock; Sunday schol
at 10 ‘adm.

Mrs. Ross L. Hunt was among 0e
pianofs te
le Ouellette, Mes-

 

f the Faculty of the Ganapal Saook
f Musical “Art, Ganapal Musig-dall,
Detrott, Mich.

The guests at Mr. and Mrs.[)scar
Pillon's on Sunday were PatriceOuol-
lette, and Felix D. Ogellette andbride,
of Detroit; Mr. and Mrs; FrankPlant

 

 

from [and children, of: Walkerville; MN. and

Mrs. Patrice Coyld and dmghter

of Essex county went to Toronto -to | Genevieve, Mr.and Mrs. DanfelPillon.

appear before Hon. Finlay MacDiar-
mjd, Minister of Public Works, yester-

day (Thursday) forenoon to press up- |'derdon, and

onthe Government their approval of

By-law No, 875 of the counay of Essexj|at the liome of. Mras Chas.

Guilds of St, «Iban’s
n; Trinity caarh, An-

The
church,

united
Mal

 

Stephen's. churel),
Sandwich South... wilkmest Ah scaaibn
1 Petty-

passed. July 28th, 1916, being a by-law | plece, ‘Anderdon,. next Wednadny af-

 

   

 

 
 

to include and add certain roads or |ternoon, June 6th, at 2 o'clock sharp. |
highways to the sCounty System of [All members -aré requested to be
High¥ Improvément alrexdy estab. Lpresent ;

lished.” The particular roads ineclud- The baseball season was opned on
ed in the by-law are the front roads | Thursd t Gesto, when Malden

in Sandwich East, Sandwich West and

and the home team clashed n their

Anderdon, from St. Clair Beach to Am- | customary - Victoria Day. gam which

herstburg.
cluded in the ‘County System of High-
way Improvement. adopted under By-
law No, 374, but if the: Government
approves of By-law 376, as® asked by
the deputation, “The roads,” ak the by-
law recites, “are ydeclared county

roads on condition that the county Iss] able to ge

not to expend any county money on
their construction, ybut that the par-
ties interested and

themselves, In which the roads are

| sitnated, are to guarantee and furnish

These roads were not in- [resultail in a victory. for Geto by a

score of 4 to 0. Batteries, for Malden,

 

Kimball and Crawford; - fr Gesto,
a — and Hanmpmon.

Theodore Grant has a wry sick
horse, which- is under the ‘are of Dr,
McBride.—Ernest, Sellars has been

  
  

horgeshome, vhich took
t weak. The veterinary
among the hoses is due

ill In tow
says [lines

 

the townships [to high feeding and lack of exercise

during the wet spell
Edgar Atkin was appoined delegate

the necessary funds that ‘the “eounty | from’ thé Methodlst churdt to attend

vould “have to pay to construct the
roads," .

KINGSVILLE.

 

 

 

the Methodist conference which con-
venes in London next weak. Russell
Balkwill, of Zion, and Hemry Atkin
were appointed a ’spechl committee
(to mé@t the Stationing Committee re-

Mrs.- Jolin Mander is serlously il. [garding the nilnlsterial supply for the

Pte. Jackson Dodge's mame appears | COMUNE year,

among the list of wounded” in Tues-
day's casualties.
Miss Winnifred Cornwall, .of Har-

row, has been visiting this week with [A splendid program «f songs, recita-
Mrs, Charles Loop and other relatives, | tions and addresses vas given. Chas.

Miss Nina Bennett, chief operator
at the Bell Telephone Co., has return-

od to her home here- after viaiting [On Interesting address on the “British
for couple of weeks with Mrs, C.|North

A. Affleck and other relatives in

Windsor.

   
  
    
  
   

visit here for a couplo of woeks.
Harry J. Townsend)*gon of

 

Mrs. J. C. Zarnow, of Cleveland, Ohio,
were married Wednesdey evening,
May 287d, 1917, at 7 o'clock at St.
Luke's Lutheran church, Cleveland,
Ohio,
intely after the ceremony at
Grace avenue. Mrs. William Townsend

attended the wedding.

A quiet wedding took place
Thursday, May 24th, at 7 p.m., at the
home of Mr. and Mra. Arthur Jenner,
Division road north, In the presence
of’ immediate relatives,. when Manda
Mae Shaw, who has“ been residi
with Mr. and Mrs. Floyd. Getty, Kin
ville, was united in marriage’ to Cyril
Thomas Yenner, Kingsville, only son
of Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Jenner. The
ceremony was performed by Rev. G.
A. King. B.A. The bride-lpoked very
protty in an gown. of Bur silk
poplin, and carried pink and white
carnations. -She was attended by her
sister, Miss Edith Shaw, and Miss
Sarah Jenner, sister of the groom.
The former was attired In a dross
blus silk, and the latter in a sult of
blue “ser : >
The groom wore the usual ceremonial
black. atier the d wedding, din

Al party lett nmid showers
ott! on. th tric car for

  

She was accompanied by |Brown.” :
the latter and her two sons, who will [lined the present cendition of Canada

Mra, [on the life of Sir John A. Macdonald.

William Townsend, of Kingsville, and Some” speakers
Anna Zarnow; - daughter of Mr. and present, :

    
    
   
   
    
   

Reception took place” Immed- |Act enriched Witdsor's
7925 | doy to thé extegt

and daughter, Miss Dora Townsend, | Fluter and Mike Cervinskl, boarders
on | ined $200 and costs

of | Surviving are the

A large crowd attended the concert
glven under the ausples of Progress
Club of S. S. No. 4 m Empire Day.

Bailey occupied the «amir fn a highly
cfficient manner. Robt. Atkin gave

Amerie: Ae,” followed by
Henry ‘Atkin on “Lie of Hon. George
Rev. S. J. T. Fortner out-

and prospects, and Edgar Atkin spoke

wire unfible to be

© WINDSOR.
—

Violators of the Ontario Temperance
treasury Mon-
19,60. Mike
Koliski, 143 Marion-avenus, and-Nick
at 191 Langlois a 6, each. being
r. keoping liquor
In lodging houses’; re; more than
three boarders arg kept. Twelve “in.
toxicated men,” arrested at the ferry
dock Saturday snd Sunday night, con:

tributed $15 each, making the total | McGregor section ought to receive. the

contribution to aity’s finances by
lovers of the cup $709.80;

Mrs. Adeline Naren tte, widow of
the late Alexander Marentette, died
at the residence’dt her doughter, Mrs.
Albert Gignac. 70 SRD ON. straet,
Sunday, at the see. ‘91 years, She
Was one of thy ‘and bust known
residents of Esgex county. For the
past 21 years she was an invalid, suf
tering the effects. of

Rev. (Sister) M. Isab

 
  

pd ond cream silk blouse, [Of the Holy Name

bert F. Marentette,
Sandwich

adie Vigders: t
a

All members are requested

pastor,
{ty was evidenced in the splendid ad- |p "p. McCallum will take charge of

A poor outlook for a sucessful meeting Friday night in the

  
  
   
  
  
    
      
  
  
  
   
 

   
       
 
   
   
 
  
    
  
     
  
  
 
   
 
  
  
     
  
 
     

 
  
 
   
 

of therustees of S. S, No. 8 against
sever: Who withdrew to S. §, No. 4
was spectacular affair, opening with
a str Infantry attack, followed by

had reviously retired, and after a
flere: Struggle all hands were com-

TT} Maple baseball club held a very

Pavng’ Hall, electing Ernest Bondy
Masger and Jay Fryer Sec.-Treas.
Allthose in a position to- play this

dy:s sopn as possible
Loisellevillle.

‘he marriage of Miss Blanche BL
B-geron, of Ojibway, mnd R. B. Mar-
eLette,
jr St. Joseph's church here on Thurs-
oy morning, May 24th, at 8.30
clock.y The ceremony was witnessed
y the immediate relatives only. Rev.
‘r. Lolselle officlated: The bride is

private secretary to the general man-
ager of the Chalmers Motor Company
of Canada, Ltd.

~ McGREGOR.

James. Charette intends starting a
fancy dairy herd"and has already pur-
chased some choice Holstein cows.

The bann8 of Miss Emily Prieur
daughter of Vicor Prieur, and John
Mcloche were published for the first
time jn the R. C. church Sunday.

 

Mr. and Nrs. Alek AMeloche were
sadly bereavéd ThurSday of last week
when their S.yaar-old son, Earle P.,

 

dled, suddenly after a short attack of
diphtheria. The Ind was taken ill'on
Thursday morning, and grew worse so
fast that nothing could be done. The
funeral took place Friday to McGre-
BOr cometery. .

A wedding of much interest was sol-
emnized im the R. C. church on Mon-
day morning when Miss Eva, daughter
of George Langis, and Raymond Ar-

| quette, son of James Arquette, were

united by Rev.’ Fr. Pjnsonneaults3Sol-
emn high mass was sumg. . Miss Lu-
cille Langis, the bride's sister, nssist-
ed her, while Ernest Arquette, broth.
er of the groom, was best man. ‘A
large number of friends were prpsent
to witness the'interesting ceremony.
She Echo extends hearty congratnla-
tions.

From the appearance of the'bullding
material that is being plled on the
Sohool grounds, work on the school
improvement will soon be well under
Way. ' Sand and cement are all here;
amd the contractor, Mr. Dufour, ex-|
pects to have the whole building com-
pleted by the time the fall session of
school comes on. It Is cause for.gon-
gratulations tothe whole section’ that
the Board of Trustees have: engaged
Ursuline Sisters” from , Chatham to
take charge of-the school In Septem-
ber. The letter of acceptance from
Mother Clare, superior general, 18 of
very great interest. She says in part:
“I wish to thank the gentlemen of the
school board for their kind communi-
cation, and shall be prepared as re-
quested, to send two sisters, qualified
to teach both French and. English, ac-
cording to the regulations of the De-
partment of Education. There will be
four sisters [n all} including a music
teacher and a housekeeper. (IT feel
confident that the good people of the
parish will co-operate generously with
thelr zealous pastor in properly 'fur-
nishing a comfortable home for the
sisters. |Our object Is not to make
money, but our great desire and en-
deavor shall be to labor for the chil-
dren who shall be entrusted to our
care.” The good people of the parish
are more than’ plensed that this mat-
ter lings ben satisfactorily settled. The
Department of Bdugation decided
three teachers should be engaged, but
the Board saw fit to hire only two at
the present time, because the pew
school might not be ready by Septem-
ber, and the Board will got a third
teacher when It is necessary. At the

has put his horge, formerly occupied
by B. L. pie Bi the disposal pris
sisters, and Mother Clare {s coming
this week, when she will be. met by
the Indies of the Altar Svelety, who
will confer with her as to how tho lace
18 to be-furnished. With a now =r.
ern ‘and well equipped schaol and de-
voted sisters in charge, the children of

 
  
    
     
    
    
 
 
 
   
   
   
   
 

best attention
inherent right.

possible, which is their

= ‘

Friday, June 1st."
x ey 1
per A pA
Doh bushel. ore renres

he hansase

Flour, No. 1, per
Corn, Meal,
Wie,
{Oats

 

broken leg.
Ld n

  

of Windsor, was solemnized |’

 

     
    
  
   
   
    
    
  
   

    
   
 
   

4 90
260

sturdy, comfortable, sensible, inexpensive.
leather boots—and wear easy
this summes.

Your dealer hai, or will gely the styles you shoud weer.

Banish hot, hea
FLEET FOOT Si

  
  

Western Bus

New Class : Mo
SHORT COURSES. i

BOX 5
WINDSOR, ONT,

 

GOSFIELD SOUTH.

Mrs. Andrew Ulch, a life long resi-
dent of this townsh[p, prssed away at
her childhood home, McCain farm,
Friday last, aged 71 years, She was
the victim of succeaslye strokes ot
paralysis, which finally © caused her
death. Funeral services were con-
ducted at her home Sunday afternoon
by Rev. George King, and burial was
fn Greenhill cemetery, the pallbearers
being Arthur = Conklin, L. Malott,
Thomas Clark, Sherman Scratch, Gor-
don Wigle.and P. E. Mayhew. A’ large
numbér of ‘relatives. and old friends
were in attendance. © Mrs. Ulch was a
daughter, of the late Willlam McCain.
a prominent farmer and municipal
man of this township, She was mar
riled some forty years ago, Her hus-
band and two sons, Herbert and Wil-
linm, predeceased her. “She is sur-
vived by three sisters—Mrs, Calvin
Cowan, Leamington; Mrs. Wilson, of
Essex, and Mrs, . Pridenux Fox, of
Kingsville.

Mrs. Susanna Baltzer, relict of the
Inte Michael Baltzer, pasped away, at
the home of her daughter, Mrs, Roland
Lovelace, at Brooklyn, Mich. Thurs-
‘day; May 24th. The ‘remains were
brought to Kingsville, where a burial
service was held the following Satur-
urday at the homie of her son, Arthur
Baltzer, after which the remains were
interred in Greenhill cemetery. . The
services wore conducted in Brooklyn
by Rev. Mr. Long, and in Kingsville
by the Rev.’s King cnd Horton. The
deceased leaves mnine children—
George,, Mrs. Henry Wiser and Mrs.
Roland Lovelace, of Brooklyn, Mich.;
Fred. of Harrow} Mrs. "Thomas Mc-
Auley, of. Puce; Alfred, Ernest and
Arthur, ‘of Kingsville; Mrs. Geo. Fox,
of the Section Road; also two sisters,
Mrs. Mafy Arner, of Windsor, and
Mrg. John Hickmott, of Gosfield, and
one brother, James Malott, of Cottam.
The pallbearers were Arthur Conklin,
W. A. Smith, W. Ulch, Curtis Green,
Hubert Wigle and Judson Scratch.
The deceased was in her 78th year.

Arner.

The anniversary services of the
Baptist church were held last Sunday,
the Rev. Mr. Forsyth, of Walkerville,
preaching morning and evening. /The
offering amounted to about $70.—Mrs.
Baird and Mrs. Turner, of Walkerville,

 
   
   
    
   
  
 
   
   

   
  

  
  

day evening over this neighborhood

hours afterwards the
white, and the hailstonés were the size

of large marbles.—Orlan ler ondl
p Fil lb amd or hug par, 8 change in the con

mire and Rev. Mr. Forsyth, of Walker- | bj

  
 

1 Yille, were motoring here on-Saturd,
night, their car. got
had to sleep in It all
at E. J. TofMlemire’

ing at 6.30.

ny

   
  
  
  
  
   
    
 
 
    
 
  
  
  
  

   
 

night, and arrived

  

e, and
pont. he’

  

Walkarvil eokond

—AT

   
  

  
       
    
   
  
    
   
    
  
   
   

   

were . week-end’ visitors at Arthur
Brimmer's.—The hall storm of Satur-

      
  
 
 

Was unprecedented in the memory of
same time Mr, Langls, storekeeper the oldest inhabitants. For several

ground was quite

talled and they
on’ Sunday morn-

: Co Teiplty,
Misp Josephine Contsworth, of |and
et O'Nell, ot

       
 

  
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
   
 

 

iness College

nday, June 4th. : :
QUICK RESULTS.

.S. McALLUM, Prin.

 

 

 

Allen had the misfortune to have a
rib cracked while handling some colts
the other day.—Pte. F. O. Hicks, of

Taronto, was visiting friends in this:

neighborhood, one day last week. —
The: Misses Neva and Mildréd* Coghill
and Ru Coghill spent’ the week-
end with’ their “grandmother, Mrs.
Neville, of Barrattyille,—Mnrs. Norman
Ter left Tuesday for Peétrolea,” where
she will ‘attend the ‘convention there.
—NMiss Leona Sweetman, of Windsor,
spent Sunday at her parental  hame
here.—Mr, and Mrs. Normen Iler and
Gladys spent Sunday afternoon with
Mr. and Mrs. Ellis Laramie: of Col-
chester ‘South.

COLCHESTER NORTH.

 

 

We have for gale Corn, Seed Wheat,
Oats, Chop, and flues. T. R. Flood,
Harrow.

.  Efford.., ;

Earl Ruston, of Windsor, 8 home
here on the sick list.—Miss Pauline
Cummltord, of Windsor, spent Sunday
with ber cousin, Mrs, T, W. Elford —
Miss. Lena Elford’ spent a féw dnys
in Essex.—Misses Harriet Piper, and
[Lenn Elford and Wilber Quick were

In Essex Inst week, writing Part 1 of .

the Entrance examination.—Miss Cum-
miford visited /Dr. McClellan, of” De-
troit, for a few days.—Mr, and. Mrs.
Joseph Fleming, of Amlierstburg, v

Ited at Mrs. J. Elford's, last Sunlny.
—W. H. Sweetman received word on:
Monday that Pte. Albért BE. Montgom-
ery hans been wounded, ‘but fs doing
nicely now.—Miss Scott and Mrs. Gar-
ner entertained the King’s Daughters
and Comrades’ Bible Class on Monday
evening at the home of Mrs. Garner.
Some forty young people were pres-

    
    
     
      

by all presents Mr. and Mra. Patter-
son’ an mily, of Windsor, spent
Sunday at Joe Walton's. in
i EY Edgar Mills.» ~~
Master Eddie Oakey {8 very ‘ill with
brain fever, aad little hope is enter-
tained of his recovery.—~B. H. Lepain
and wifé spent Sanday at John Hug:
gord’s—Mr: and Mrs. A. H. Pardo:are
visiting at Almonte, Mich.—Miss Jen-
nie Lepain is quite (Il at Hotel Dieu.
Windsor.—Misses Erie and Wave Parc
do, of Cedar Springs, “have returned
utter spending a week with relatives,
hp oe bg 3 ads,

 
 

 

   
   
   
   

   

   

= in

 

    
   
  

+ 20 DAYS IN ONTARIO

 

 

© Ca
The Highways Bran;
Department of Public
fhe dociprocal Interchange
0 licen
the an wih din on

Hitherto a motor
of the 19 ;

ve his car
days, go away

ent and an enjoyable time was spent

MOTOR TOURISTS" Lim ah

 

 

 

ced

  

 

 

2

 

 

    
   
  
    
  
 
   
  
   
  
   
    
   
   
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
   
  
 
     
   
 
 

 

  
  
    
  
  
   
     
  
 
 
  
 
   
   

 
