! 96 Branches In Canada

A General Banking

CIRCULAR, LETTERS OF CREDKT
y ., BANK MONEY ORDERS

SAVINGS BANK DEPARTMENT

mr

Ea

>, DUNBAR EVANS, Manager, W. 8. FALLS, Manager

+ 4 ~~ Kingsville Branch.
:

Have your home wired for

~~ Electric

kriow how
Electric Irons and Toasters
At prices that will make you want them.

ESSEX COUNTY

$ BE ds aa a0 a 2 Je

BOAL---CrrsvuT
ALE

Delivered to any part

: OFFICE
RESIDENCE

212
154

3
ow»
i
:
3
i
i
i

on

MOLSONS BANK |

CAPITAL AND RESERVE $8,800,000

Interest allowed at highest current rate

LEAMINUTON, ONT. -

LGET & POWER OF, Lint § “nl

Office and yards at Gordon Station, River Front,
 Anderdon:

- J, S. GATFIELD GOAL G0.

THE OFFICIAL PAPER

AMHERSTBURG,

FOR SALE

dvprtisements In classified column one
A pg Wo cha o hws than 280.

Small advertisements, 15 wirde or under,

3 times for B0c

FOR SALE—~

 

fallch env, © Apply to

Andardon, Plone (83-1-3.

oubile Darraled_ stotguny

and a nice light spring wagul—<oheap,' 8.
BERTRAND, Phone 13.

FOR SALE—D

old, ° both Sexes

stock, ~ Apply

wl [HE y
T LARAMIE, North

ana

 

“blocks
lumber that, has 3 3
forms. F. ME

FOR BALE—Il0ii
Stredl, Will sel
JY MANLY ¢
NUR SALE
hounsle
posession, . >
FOR _SALE—A hou
S ; with od ny
esp. App)
burg; Ox

Business. Transacted

 

Seymore
. Ap=
tburg, Ont

 

 

He

arn, Wil |
HAMEL, Am-
3 a!
Arle~ Oni ura And lot on
Teor, 10 sottia np tho estate.
ree. Rinkin® Ave. |

0 - |

Amherstburg Branch. : > tse
cand small. with |
H. A. Davis, |

 

 

asain s04ss0iaa00000I000060208

Fort Street, Amber:
Wo Fairl

containing over
8, fruit bear-

“FOR SALE— corner |
nsay and |
MPrises ro
cant Job 40x10
ms, él apply

fihe p Anil

’ y |
. ada and all ip mite from
43,50 and up to 2 [ City. 1018
by monthly payments; I at rates; na
interest: ¢asy term 3 8 before you
. P. LAFRAMBOISE, N, €, R., In-
| Auld, Ontario. |

RD, on

 

to do the work economically

voship
adjoining |
15 Aores |

first concessiol
o McHglde arm.)
in clover ; 8 acres twotby. Fair sized house |
and out-bufldings in good repair. Never-
failing well. Ten minutes walk willtake you !
to any part of farm. Fenchag in fair condition.
ARD MOBRIDE, on

, comprising “store
brick milk |
ouse; large. stable; #]
pped with 19 hp

nne
house; Ic
vator, oq
ine: in
Central located County road,
mg Windsor and Abiberstburi.
‘| sorted S Immediate possess
FRED. ROCHELE!
P. 0. Teleplions

Migs SULLIVAN'S REAL ESTATE AGENGY |
+ Phone 206. Amherstburg,

1 Inds of hours and lots in

er front property : alsa
farms {6 Nlden and Anderdon of i zea and
food. terme. Apply SULLIVAN, Fort
tree Q. Box 3.

GOAL--Sort

of Town and Country.

. neapschool, can give possesion at ©
articular apoly-to MARY
Fort Street. Ambfrstburg. Ont.

FoR BAL dry goods store A
fall bi room residence fiat;
grocery addit vfrigerator afd stores
TOO | 2 table, ¥ box and 4
single dwell |

Ee a i a nd

 

Eo i on I a bi iC oh Sie !

Why not get the
most enjoyment
‘which you can
only do ina com-
tortable Bed.

Let us Fit You Out and we Guarantee Comfort

. BED. SPRINGS

None so good as the Liggett &
Platt: coil wire, guaranteed for
ten years. ‘

PILLOWS

Beauties from $1.35 a pair to
$6.a pair. © -

Great Special in Vern

Children’s Crib Beds, $6 to $15

b {
‘Equip Your Home With a
$a i .

THE

: Newsombe Piangs are the Best

oa EER & in

3
1

SPECIALS.  .

: Fr I | A NTED—! Man to assist fir making tile;
| i | NITURE C0 le Hoke HENRY ROBIDOUX,
J JINN x LJ Amherstburg. ao Loo TY tC

J, H. SUTTON, Manager.

% “NOTICE TO CREDITORS,

[4h the Surrogate Court of the County

8 Wail Of.
af pe Anes), ) ang. hird/
WATOF 1 (he fous; Far
rifculgrs apply to. MARY SULLIVAN,
ort Strat, Am. erstburg. P. 0.) Box 85. ]
FOR BALE—One of fis Nnest new mod-
orn houses in Ambersiburg, on ane.of the
host streets near river; 0 rooms; big lot, 73
rt. front. 203 JL deep: fine barn: some
fruit: are Close 10 town, Possession |
will be given” at once. Owner Jeaving |
town. = For partloulars apply to MARY
SULLIVAN, Fort Street, Amherstburg. P.
0. Box 35.

OR SALE=One of thu finekt River Front |

property in the county with big stone |
house 0 rooms, not including hall or bath ; ve

bed rooms, new furnace, all hatd wood floors, |
two acres of Jand. one hundred and thirty-feot
| frontage on river, runs to ohannel bank. Fine
garage and one af the finest Jawna to be found
alyo fruit orchard. Right on car line. Good
termi. Apply to MARY HoLuivas, Fort St.

Amherstburg P. 0. Box 34,

OR BALE—One of the best tars in County
first Concession Colchester South. 105 or

108 acres good frame house. 18x20 kitchen 20%
19, ood Shed or gummer Kighen, barn 2x08
mrainery and cow hours, mnchine shed
383. horse stablo 0x3. hen hemse.
Ril bored well; pig. pen. good foi

 

 

 

. well

, half
ile from school. two markets all at of

churches, 18 or 20 acres fall wheat apd rye, |
Jung two miles from Oxley. big sUmMMOF resort, i
on bank of Lake Erie. ill zive bassessian hy
thefirst of April or sooner. Good terms, apply
to MARY SULLIVAN for particulars, Fort St,
Amhomtburg. P. O. Bex 85. x

LOST

A bunch of Keys.
‘ne Echo office.

MATTRESSES

See our Soft Nap; inner spring
ventilated mattress at $23, guar-
anteed for 10 years. We also re-
commend our Health Mattress at
$5 \and ‘a Special ‘Mattress at

| $4.50. & |

 

LOBT—DHetween Walkerville and Am-
herstburg, Michigan License No. 61414 and
tail lsmp . Reward for tha return of same |
to. M. LAWLER, Ambersiburg.

FOUND
D—On Pike Road, coming . from
LL a borse blanket; and also black-
snnke ip, pear Zion. Loser ne have
1) proving
aay. NU AURIC SELRARE, Maiden, hone
149-24.

Finder please |

is-Martin® Bed at $10.50

WHITE SEWING MACHINE
~ WANTED.

TT WANTED—AD
housework, jor middieaged woman.
MAS. EB. B AE, Amhersiburs,

WANTED—QIr]l or woman for © house.
work; ‘modern appliances (including - vac-
uum cleaner, ele) for lightening work.
Neod have nothing to do with baby, but
TUE De. reasonably good. cook. — Apply 10

MRS. Jponce. H, JONES, Amherstburg.
FARMERS, TAKE NOTICE 1

exporienced maid  fop
o Apply

Phone 53. Amherstburg

of Essex.

tn the t Isaso Mulder, late of the
In the shai of Colchester South, In the

of
County. of Essex, d .
my of Issn. Mulder, iste of.
ne redo or ‘Calcnester South, in tho
Ronnty of Essex, deceased, who diga on or
about the 31st day of December, 1917.
fund all oners” naving claims a inst, OF
titled 10 share. In estale, are hezehy.
ated to send Ly post prepaid or others
(duitver 10 tho he 1aih day of July, |

1 have just recelved private funds
to loan advantagéonsly to borrower,
16 % interest dn Al security, no de-
lay. Apply at once F. W, WILSON;
Barrister, LaBelle Building, Windsor,

Rains: | Ontario: Phone 2851.

11515 far’ chrintian and surnumes, tel
ana dwerplioos, sad fu Dir:

Sig  kocounts. or
PIAS 001 the, nature of ibe Security. (if

| held hy them. . 3 h
A malataly. ater ihe said {Eib day af
d (ntestate
5 distr) Re ation

amiga or AA tie
nL De, te
an

| classes from which drafts’ will be selected.
| in order named. THe are as follows: —
|

ing on §

&

JR THE COUNTY

 

 

ONTARIO FRIDAY. JUNE 15, 1917

Men

d | ol ’
Drafts ; Single to 34 First.
a 2
+ {J et ————

After Single Men from 20 to 34, Come Married Men of Like
Ages} tie Blade From 35 fo 41; Then Married of Like
Ages ion Single From 42 to 45; Then Married of Like
Ages—Fallure to Answer Call Means Desertion.

Conscription Bill Makes Every Man a Soldier—Divided Into Ten
* Classes—Exemptions Provided For.

100,000 MEN IS THE LIMIT; HOUSE TO SAY IF MORE GO
Ages; Then Single From 35 to 41; Then Married of Like

Ottawn, June 11th.—Sir Robert Borden's compulsory service measure was
this afternoon introduced in the House of Commons. It i8 called the military
service act, 1017. Thin. is the name given similar: measures in Great Britain
end New Zealand, i

Sir Robert Borden's bill commences with a rectial of the compulsory ser-
vice provisions of the militia act pased in 1904. It recites also clauses of that
act which render miiithy liable to be sent for service in or out of Canada for
defence thereof.

It then proceeds to explain that owing to the large voluntary enlistment i

of those who would otherwise be producers. in Canada and the necessity of

th side of lWnaintajning production at highest possible Hmit, under such circumstances,

the method of drafting men as provided in the militia act is unwise and jm-
provident, and that the men now required should be secured by a process of
selection, u ke

The bill provides for securing reinforcements, which unless Parliament

further authorizes are not to exceed 100,000 men. It sets out ten distinct

Class 1,—Thosa Wio have attained the age of 20 years and were not born
earlier than the yean j894; and are unmarried, or are widowers but have no
children, Ah 3h

Class 2—Those whb were born in the years 1889 to 1893, both Inclusive.
and are unmarried, op gre widowers, but have no’ children. ;
Class 3.—Those Who were born in the years 1883 to 1888, both Inclusive,
are unmarried, of are widowers, but have no children,

Class 4~—Thoee who have attained the age of 20 years and were born not
earlier than the year , and are married or are widowers, who have a.child
or children,

Class 5,—Thos& j were born in the years 1889 to 1893, both
and are marrried 4 widowers who have a child or children.

Class 6.—Those Who were born in the years 1883 to 1888; both
and are married or are widowers who have a child of children.
Class 7—Those. whb were born in the years 1876 to 1882, both
are unmarried or are widowers who have no child.

Class 8.~ whb were born in the years 1875 to 1882, both
and are married, or are widowers who have a child or children.

Class 9.—Those ‘Wha were born in the years 1872 to 1875, both
and are unmarcied or ars widowers who have no child.

Clasp 10,—Those Who were born In the years 1872 to 1875, both
and are married or ara widowers, who have child or children.’

(2) For purposes of this section, any man married after June 11th, 1917,
shall be deemed to bs utimarried.

(3) Any cla Xtept Class 1 shall include men who are transferred
thereto from anothe! 88 as hereinafter provided, and men Who have come
within Class 1, #ince iprévious class was called out. >

(4) The order n which the classes are described in this section shall be
order in which they miiy be called out on active service. !

There are to be then tribunals. First of all, local tribunals, composed of
two persons, are ns in each locality wherever designated by the Minister
of Justice. Ons of thesgitwo men is to be chosen by the Senior County Court

and

inclusive,
inclusive,
inclusive,
and

Inclusive,
inclusive,

inclusive,

{ Judges of the district whete the tribunal first sits. The other is to be chosen

by o Board of Selection, and this Board of Selection isto be gamed, not by
the Gavernment, tut by Parliament.

The Premfer’s intention is that it shall he composed of men acceptable
to both and all giéments of political faith. These local tribunals shall hear

applications for* Exemptions, and the principles upon which they shall act’
are get out in th bill. avo

Bolled dowiii hey ret ithat’ he tribunals shall ‘decide whether or not
the man who pi fo enilion {best serving the national interests at the
ori wile infitary servide. og :

dpienlled tiie. Appent
10 be designatéd by the Chier Justics of the” Province

"The next
Judgd ot any

These classes Will be called out f

Tribunal, aud fs composed. of one |

Whole No. 2,218

ed 20 to 45 Liable for

ee ————

SAFETY FIRS
Get Your Coal in Now
While we have the Supply.

THE FALLS-BARRON CO, « &
Insurance and Real Estate

FALLS BROS.

 

The Earning Period of a Man’s Life is His
i .
Harvest Time

LIFE'S WINTER will soon overtake you.

ARE YOU WASTING THE FRUITS OF
YOUR HARVEST? WILL THE STORMS
OF OLD AGE FIND YOU WITH
AN EMPTY GRANARY?

Let this shank be . your
granary and . you will

reap a harvest of golden
gains.

“MAKE HAY WHILE THE SUN SHINES>?

Start an account with us to-day and keep safe
the results of your industry.

Imperial Bank of Canada

Amherstburg Branch, C. A. Cuddy, Manager.
Harrow Branch, - - P. T. Clark, Manager.

where the appeal Is entered. Any applicant for exemption, and anyone’ auth- |

orized by the Militia Department, has free right to appeal to this tribunal.
Above the appeal tribunals throughout all the Provinces there fs a Cent-
ral Appeal Judge, This Central Appeal Judge is to be chosen from the present
Supreme Court of Canada. He Is to. determine by regulation the conditions
upon which appeal may be made to him. Provision is made for providing the
assistance of other Judges for the Central Appeal Judge on his recommenda-
tion. Tt will thus be seen that the exemption provisions aim at the fair and

impartial and, what 18 not less important, the uniform application of the ex- |

emption clauses throughout the whole of the Dominion.’

~A Registror is to.be appointed for each Province, whose duty it will be
to receive appeals and allocate them by districts for the convenience of the.
Chief Justice in the eeléction and allocation of ‘the appeal tribunals.

There are also-exempted clergy and ministers of religion and certain
members. of the Mennonites «nd Doukhobors promised exemption by the Do-
minjon fn 1873 and 1898.

Whén the class to which any man belongs Is called out, each member of
that clags: becomes a member of the, militia, subject, of course, to apply for

exemption. “The expende and delay of registration are avoided and apparent. |

ly at the same time the objects of registration are to be attained.
only sixteen sections in the bill

There are

THE OTTAWA CRISIS. Oonservatives alike joined handa® for
Since The Echo was published last the “conscription of the mun power,
week, stirring events have been trans. | the material power and the moral
pring at Ottawa. As<will be seen by | power” of the country.
the text of the correspondence on-an-
other page of this issue, Sir Wilfrid | Ontario, was cheered to the echo whan
Laurler rejected the offér of Sir Rob-|he declargd that “the presence of Sir
art Borden to join with him in forming | Wm. Hearst and myself on this plat-

& National Government, passing con- (form this evening indicates that so far |

SGription and then holding a géneral [ns we Are éoncermed this is not a
election, Sir Wiltrid resented the de- party issue’ Earnestly and eloquent-
claration for conscription before con-|ly Mr, Rowell pleaded, as he had ior,
sultation with him. x ./ ’ the past two years’ for “the better

SIF Robert persisted in his conserip- [organization of the resources and man
tion proposals, and on Saturday. Hon. | power of Canada for more - vigorous
B. L. Patennude, Secretary” of State, |and efficient prosecution. of the war.”
resigned trom the Government because | Premier Hearst and Hon. W. D. Mac-
he found Kimpelf- unable to”endorse |Pherson, who have sons with the
conscriptioh, He had been the French- | fortes, struck the same note. “Let us
Canadian ¥epresentative in the Gov-|forget our politica and our prejudices,”
ernment fir the. Montreal district urged the Premier, “and join hands in’
since Octhber, 1916, when, ‘he became |drder that we may employ the whole
Minister o¢ Inland Revenue, although | fighting force of this splendid young
not at. that time a member of Parlia-| Canada in winning the war.” - Hon.
ment. A fey months ago he became’ | Mr. McPhersnn anid none must be for
Secretary of Statg.. : a party and all for the state.

Hon. Arfhur Sevigny, present Min-| The same day. Sir Robert Borden

Ister of Iniayd Revenu®, in a state- |{ntroduced. the conscription Bill, ot |

ment {88udq at Quebec, says he will | Ottawa, thé terms of which are pub-

retain offics, “If the French-Canadian |lished. Sir Wilfrid promises serioys}

Ministers” he sald; “listened. without | consideration, and the, second reading

reflection 15 pn certain portion of the |of the bill will be given to-day (Fri-

people kere, ‘they. would Immediately ! day.) VR
resign; put I' think the French ele-| J H. Burnham, the Conservative re-

| ment &¢ this country 48 not ready to | presentative of ‘Peterboro, who. has

@ Gov | been dotive in the raising of ‘men, and
who, is _astrong advocate of conscrip-
tion, after the speech declared that hn

abandsy (ts representation
ernmes ey
~The

mler then. Invited other

leading I.{bgrals to enter a union Cabi-| was’ opposed to tlhe conscription of |e

net, bi they refused at this juncture, { man-power unless there goes with it

though strongly in, favor of conscrip-| the tonscription of all resources of the.
tion of then and "These séntl-fcountry. ~ oe oo

ments ware expressed in a monster| So moved was Mr. Burnham that he

on mi ~~ Saturday | anhounced he had resigned hin seat as

WE: Rawk ans | stheine ht ho propoted forfekting hia

33 ii ting | he LY

4 Deer. nom) on: at the

N. 'W. Rowell, the Liberal leadpr. in |

ide : - : 3 Ye
Wherever you find Ford cars and Ford service, you find
SATISFIED FORD OWNERS—men who eppreciate thé can

for its’ quick starting, ils easy control, its simplicity and !
“ts extrnordinary capacity for hard work.

" The, phenomenally large sale of Ford cars {s the direct
“result of Ford SERVICE and Ford SATISFACTION, -

.. For satisfaction {8 os universal as the Ford ear itself.
Doctors; lawyers, salesmen, bakers, grocers and farmers
all praise the Ford—all are satisfied. on

Its low cost appeals to them. Its unusyally Ww upkeep
cost pleases them. Its sturdy, steady, seryiee-glving char
acter wins them and satisfies them,” Even the wealthy’
prefer to drive Ford cars rather than botl <r with the cost-
ly, cumbersome limousine and chauffeur. .It means econ-
omy when “saving is a national duty.” me
Ford satisfaction is just as valuable as upkolstery, or a
fancy finish. Ask any Ford owner about it.

It you intend to buy a Ford, place your order with the
nearest ‘dealer.

‘Kemp Furniture Co.

Amberstburg, Ontario.

"Building Hardware
Paints, Oils,
Glass,

i
2

Screens for.Doors and Window

4

S
.

 
