   
   
 

   

patriotic purposes

" 1
| Be

© 8% W IF ANY And whereas the
STICKY FLY CATCHER / to $33,301,000.00,
And whereas the

 

     
       
  
    

 

 

GOOD MEN
=EWANTED™\

in this county to retail Rawleigh pro- i

five and one-half per ¢

  
   
  

 

ducts oxclusively—$100.00 a month
i8 being made by many men now
selling our goods. Applicants must
be live and industrious and have
means for starting expenses, horse,
wagon, atc, also furnish contract
aligned by two responsible men—
Rawlelgh products are household
nocossities—we havo eight factories
and branches-—address, giving age,
occupation and references.

W.T.RAWLEIGH COMPANY, Limited
‘TORONTO

         
    
     
   
    
    
  

       
  

 

Sm
to PELEE ISLAND ROUTE

tures.
“There shall be ral

to discharge the seve

The amount to be

issued from time to t
grants. 3

    

   
  
  

T R Jands and requiring the council to repair, and improve. thie sald drain or ditch under | them: “We get our best help from the Cadman College.”
STEAME BY-LAW No. 391 the provisions of ihe Municipal Drainage Act. A city business man phoned for help and sald: “Have had half a dozen
&6 929 And whereas, thereupon the sald Council has procured an examination to be made i k d h ”
’ A: BY-LAW to authorize the closing of the Registry Office of the County of | by Alexender Baird, C.E., beng & person competent for such purpose, of the said area | in as many weeks and none of them any good.
- a Essex on Saturday afterno i roposed to be drained, and the means suggesicd for iho drainage thereof, and of other A lady called recently to talk over a course for herself and two friends—
= 9sex on Saturday afternoons, an, - ands and roads liablo to assessment under The Muicipal Drainage Act, and has also | this game ‘lady tried another school, but left at the ¢nd of the first month
SUMMER TIME TABLE 1917 Passed June 22nd, 1917. procured plans, specifications and estimates of ‘the drainage work to be made by the disgusted with both-the method d th 1 infl . dh ¥
. Whereas by the provisions of the Registry Act, the Council of any County | sald Alexander Baird, C and an assessment to be made by him of the lands and Toads gusted with 6 methods an © moral influenc 7s, and her comments
EASTERN STANDARD TIME. may by by-law, authorize the losing on Saturday afte £ any Regist 10 be benefitted by s age wor wl of other lands and roads-liale for contribi- | were strong; she sald several friends who tried the sa-1e course wore much
MONDAY, TUESDAY and SATURDAY | gin¥ O¥ We too Some A ny of any Rist re a ein I hore of Boncit, dutiat lability and dissatisfied.
3 C 4 i] Ve njuring liability whieh, in his opinion, 4 C d C! S J J J “1
fosvas ar Rk idles uta TAN And. whereas {t is deemed expedient to take advantage of.the provisions | such drainage work'by every road of laf, or portion of lof, the said assessment so Ene METHODS AND INFLUENCES OF OUR SC!I0OOL ARE EXCEL-
Arrives Leamington .... 10.00 AM. | of the said Actin that regard. maile being the assessment hereinafter by this by-law.gnacted to be assessed and levied 5

Kingsville ........,.

Leaves Kingsville .......,. .
Leamington

Arrives Scudder ..

H West dock

0
soHE A Be It therefore en

 

each Saturdny at the h

 

  

   
 
  

not hold it, and we put one of our young Indies in the sar. » place at $15.00 per
WEDNESDAY And be ft further enacted that a copy of this by-law be posted by the Gentlemen, —In compliance with instructions from your honorable body, I have | weak and her work was so satisfactory that her sister vent to work In the
vd Leaves West - Dock registrar fn a conspicuous place fn the Registry. Office. made a survey of the Collison, Side Road Drain {n your’ Township and Deg to submit | foo of oon oo 06 ST salary. 1
Seuddor ..... ..#7.40 a.m. | (Signed) W. P. COYLE, (Signed) CHAS: B. WHALEN, in connection therewith the following report: : ° ; Miss Elliott has been in ch t horthdn >
” 5 y 7 The drain commences on tha north side of the travelled portion of the bighway, Miss ott has been in charge of our Shorthand Dey ~rtment for SEVEN
Arrives loys Dock isa. Clerk, Warden. fynoun ss the Colllsgn Siderond, at a point 0° feet west of the Malden and South 0% | Years—she knows her business and is well liked} Your Interests would be
L y's LL) she Aeoshos”"itipb chester Townline, and from thence runs west in tho ling of the existing road ditch carefully looked after, as we will have other helpers
. THURSDAY : 92 along the north sidesar the sald siderond 4,500 feet, thence South across this highway Sal 4 o . 3
Leaves Windsor (Hurley's Doc 00 A.M. BY-LAW No. 3 and southwesterly in the general trend of water flow through a-small depression in the 1e school“rooms present a most cheerful and in-'ting appearance—
Arrives Aheratbure (Poles) . irae AN A BY-LAW to amend By-law No. 381, passed on the 27th day of January, 1917 jae lhe hosiery Sonia SI Loria. and the southeast portion ran Sor ono” pent alls and calltugs just. tinted afresh and the floors and fu aiture touched up;
L | Lo 14.30 AM, No. 381, 2 ) “I'in a branch o Treek WW A 0 W rached, eo e .
Leaves West Dock for Scudder and Main Passed June 22nd, ‘1917. southeasterly from where the drain will cross the Front or River road. 3 ; No Langan Rn stil Student t. tial lunch:
Shore, 12.00 (noon). Whereas C. A. Snell, Trustee for the Essex High School, has resigned his I find that the construction of a sufMicient drain in the course surveyed and above p $ [ ction. s eat ti °Ir noon lunches
FRIDAY - x . " 3 S A described is much required 10 give proper and eMcient drainage for the lands and roads | right in the rooms. Rooms open from 8 a.m. to 5 pam. “very day. College
, 7 Fo office as Trustee, it is deemed expedient fo appoint Richard Shaw to fill.the ¢ tho same for drainage, and I would secommend that the drain be con- hr !
Leaves Kingsville .. .T.00AM: y dependent upon the : C re-opens Tuesday, September 4th. Vo
Leamington > .7.40 AM. | vacancy. ' Yeni structed In compliance with $hoydetails set outsby the plan, proflie and specifications Call, phone or write - q
Scudder . .00 Be it therefore enacted by the Municipal Corporation of the County of accomibanying t J Tr salina andcourse of Thavdrain: ana lands: aiid) rosas that it 2 4 >
ok y a >, " hp shows and se A ?
Arrives ae o Esgex that By-law No. 351 be amended as follows: avin aileer. "Tbe profile gives the dimens ons, grades and other data, which [ recom- x
= . REA Sandusky Tor Peies aid Main Shore 1 That clause One be amended by: Inserting the nome of Richard Shaw | yond tnat the work bo carried out in comalanes with. and. the specifications attached :
i 4.00 P.M. Y : in the place of C, A. Snell. : hernio gives tho manner in which the work Is to be performed and the disposal of ‘tho

This time table subject to change with- This By-law shall come into force on the final passing thereof.

out notice.

m) P. COYLE, I d) CHAS. B. WHALEN by the d rh Osterhout Block, . Phone 928
C 4 5 WV. PB. C (Signed) C - B. Wil oN Woy hrioges on “lhe same, one on each &f the highwhss crossed by the drain These 19-21 Pitt St. East 4 8 18
Do This Company reserves the right to | (Signed) V y : 2 fh iE Tre OF a TC TE ed Dy Hp rai diese : ox
zolus LLG SLE TR Clerk. Prarden Hap tad Teizon niin througheut. shown by the plan of highway bridge ano | Next W., E. & L. S. Ry. Waiting “Rooms. WINDSOR, ONT.

erly addressed and tagged.

PF Ar red Kingsville Public Library.

Scudder P. 0., Ontarjo, =

 

PATS y . yhic 3 CONS ction of the drain Will necessitate the renowal or enlargement of,
J. N. SHEATS, - JOHN HARRIS, i a and Nhieh Jha seustuctionior 4 Te CoC asi ale. the Tenewal or SulMrgeent of i :
fraser. Pufess.| To the County Cogncll of tho County OF Favax: c Drainage Act, ror the payment fo owners of lana entitled thereto the following amounts:
ERO XRORROR afefesfeefoboofooforte de oboe Gentlemen,—The; Kingsyille Public Library Board beg leave to report the : Ei nonms :
ad Amann ron + | following receipts and*Expenditures for 1916: — J Name of owner Allowance Agwance for farm 0 ers
bo OL 0 ar 0 Or farm access
: THE i ¢ RECEIPTS. 62 16 | A ot assessed’ owner. damages. ridges. bridges, Aad
Legislative grant _... vo. Sava rnin J. S DLE DL SS .. Lovi Jarriett, Sr... . 8 18 00 s s arm
x 3 Mmerican 8s dlran Grant, Municipality of Kingsville ) i % S pt v bt 80... foun Dovier uo Joan Hy mn 35 00 :
0 3 y 80... Mrs, S, Fue 5
F : Grant, County of Bssex 20 00 LAR RU BEER le J 7 00 :
Murray Street Fines, ete. ..K..... ST ET 2 WDt E DY 02.05 Earl T. Dostbam 1.4 ooh
Amherstburg d T ono pi E pt M pt 62... Gerald or Mary Brush. . 50 00

SPECIAL
FISH, CHICKEN,
FROG LEG DINNERS

Boat and Auto Parties Sarved on
Short Notice

CHOW & SUEY

PROPRIETORS

Books and magazines,
Light, heat and water.
Librarian's salary ...
Incidentals ..5......

 

Phone

wes ostorteafesfesteatesieslesiectsafunfefentets

Fb bbb ib dbb ddd debt

de bp def Eb bd debe dob dd fd dee

 

EX

 

; Essex Public Library. Making a total of .......... os aun nd 1a curs. i 8 R303 00
AEETY FIRST Statement for County Council of Essex Public Library, 1916. This sum | asSess-against the lands and roads that sHouid ‘conthibute’ towards the

ET Balance from 1915...

* 4 Equip you bulldings with our Light-
ning Conductors, ithen you are sure
to be safe. Our rod has 36 pure:cop-

County Brant: .....«eewlees es» Pr 50 00 I ave tho honbrito be; Gentleman, ;
«per wires, and passes Government Legislative grant ...... Ts i 93 % Yout Obedient servant, Lo ina
regulations. Mr. Defoe, our agent, Fines coliected by Librarians. vin 5 i 10 60 : 3 G. E. % 0. LS.
fad Joars of Sxpocione Doth ju gu)line Borrowed from Bank to coyer overdraft........... 40 00 5 qoAnd whereas the sald Council are of opinion that the drainage ob the area deseribed
EE Therefore the sald Municipal Council of § . : .
J When derling with us you are sure of rT Nama $014.22 | yp 2 ratio Jo si i icine) Gouneil of {ho sald Township of Malden, pursuant to Phone 193 Simcoe St. Amberstburg
) getting the best. b> Tho said report, plans, specications. assessments. and estimates aro hereby 3
' } Light and heat adop and the drainage work as therein Ingicated and set forth shall be made ana
# For further {information write «8 : constructed In accordance therewith.

Librarian's salary
. PURE COPPER LIGHTNING ROD CO. | Books purchased

Dundas, Ont., Magazines and newspapers purchased.

Paid for lease of right
Or our Agent for Essex County, Care of Inwn and flow

Note at bank for current expense and Interest

    
  

Phone 102. Box 125.
Clerk’s Notice.

Of the First Posting of Voters’ List, 1917,
ioipality .of Colchester Bou!
Movie ality of of Essex. "5

 

  
   
  
     

 

     
    
  
 

     
  
 
 
 
  
   
 
 

 

 
 

  
 
 

 
 

 

ESSEX COUNTY COUNCIL.

A BY-LAW to borrow th

GOSFIEID SOUTH. BIG SEED CORN A SNARE
Kiovdyke. :
BY-LAW No. 396 Mrs. John Bamett has impraved Ears Grown Under Most Favorable

x a8 able to atten

© sum of Sixty Thousand Dollars ($60,000.00) for Rieolys — Sunday.—Mrs. Bd. Conditions Fail to.Reproduce

: Townsend is on the sick list.—Mrs. ‘
; Passed June 22nd, 1917. Re. {moving after her fli: Excellonae. Lantic pure Cane Sugar is best

Whereas as the Corporation of the County of Essex has made and will | neds,—Mrs. Frank Laramie received

continue to make grants to the C
Patriotic purposes, and {t is dee

c\ WILL KILL MORE FLIES THAN the sum of Sixty Thousand Dollars to cover the grants made and to be made, | is Improving #icely.—Geo. Grainger |large ears of corn for seed when the

pality, according to the last revise

7 ; —Martin J Malott has purchased a |ialists of the Ohio Agricultural Ex- Lantic Lib: of
Ji $59,718.74 and no principal nor interest {n respect thereof I8 In arrears. Ford car—MIiss Mabel Barnett is vis- | periment Station, free for Rod Dol rek Books,
Clean to handle. Sold by all Drug. of ink pieratory snsciad A the Counc] of the Corporation of the County {ting at EU Barnett's. When tested side by side under sim- at es or e-
3 h bX, rd for by Chapter 37 O io 8 3 - ” 3 ’ from Cart ack.
gists, Grocers and General Stores, borrow the sum of Sixty oapter ntario Statutes 1914, that the County MARKET THE OLD HENS. ilar conditions, corn thet previously

grants, and that the sald sum be rafsed by the issue of debentures payable in|
ten equal annual payments with coupons attached, the rate of interest to be

Be it further enacted that the Warden of the Corporation of the County
of Essex for the purposes aforesaid may borrow the sum of Sixty Thousand
Dollars and to issue debentures of the Corporation to that amount in sums
of not less than One Hundred Dollars each, with interest thereon at the nste

of five and one half per centum Per annum, payable in ten equal annual in-| soon as possible. Even with low-|to a hill likewise proved, when grown ! ; ’

stalments of principal and interest, in such a manner that the amaust paid priced grain it is a question it it pays | under identical ro that 17200007 IL 77677 47; IAA

for principal and interest In one year shall be equal as nearly as may be to | to keep the average hen after she 18 | conditions of growth are mot import- /

the amount.pald for principal and interest for any of the other years during | two years old. Production of the first |ant in seed selection. Ears weighing | ., 7 TT)

which the debentures have to run. The said debentures ag to principal and | and second years {s usually sucient|11 1.5 ounces each were chosen from | YOUNG FRIEND: — ER -

interest, shall be payable at the office of the Treasurer of the County at the | to pay a good profit, and though a [single stalks in a hill, others welghing Read thig letter. carotully, and you will feel that it. touches Jour, 4

Town of Sandwich, and the Warden of the County Is herebr authorized and
instructed to sign and issue the debentures hereby authorized to be issued,
and to cause the same and the interest coupons attached thereto to be signed

by the Treasurer of the County, and the Clerk of the County {8 hereby author.
hee ——— ad | ized and instructed to

No - = rateable property in the Municipality of the County of Essex a sufficient sum

on sald debt, as the. same shall become respectively payable.

and the interest thereon shall be $7,960.07,
The sald debentures shall be dated at the time of the sale and may be

This by-law shall take effect on the date of the final passing thereof.

spent only gbout three days, in dll, outside the office. Have filled several
(Signed) W. P, COYLE, (Signed) CHAS. B. WHALEN Provisionally adopted the 6th day of August, A. D. 1017. positions .which students from others schools tried, but failed to hold. IT
) 1 as 3 Counc the ‘Township of Malden has been served with
Clerk. Warden. Botley ng a el). vi pL. or Fads of Lot 62 In the sald Township that PAYS TO ATTEND THE BEST.

sin... 440 P.M, | the County of Essex, that the Registry Office with the County be closed on

 

apers, etc. Cepeda. $169 60 My estimate of the cost of the work in detail iS 85 follows: — 5
pap :
Ar 68 86 Excavation from stake 0 to stake 38 a distance of 3.8010 feet. , vrai © {067RO I A ua ti
ie od 216 66 Excavation from stake 38 to stake 76 a distance of 380jp feet 506 25 n ny n
3 > 2 i Excavation from stake 76 to stake 92 a distance o 600 feat 05 4b
Cre resecnareaaes 29°62 Amounting to for exeavation. ’s 1068 50
$ 484 64 | 3 cement concrate highway bridges. . 825 00 ;
. Allowance for farm access bridges “450 00
» | Allowange for farm bridge. ....... aie nae a5 00 §
Balance. ..... re J 47 82 Allowarige for damages {0 lands and crops (If ar 55 ;
y J) IR, Survey, plans, reporf, assessmen ele. . 7 00 - a A ‘ o 3 :
: Seo PL Board Asiatic in ‘survey ahd expense 17 00 Everything from Cement in all size orders to Tile,
: Gla am Publishing and registering by-law 2% 50 . 2 3
Kingsville, | court of revision... ,.... : 1% 00 Brick and Building Block. h
Clerk's [e088 ,...u . 25 00 5 < X
Lotiing and Superintending. , 96 00

Borrowed from Bank for current expenditures.
Municipal Brant: ...u....c viens arais ?
Municipal grant, recruiting and patriotic

ARTHUR DEFOE Note at bank from 1914, plastering basement.
3 U Printing, express, supplies, ete..:... :
ESSEX, ONT. |Rajance on Bande... .ueeeeifoonisoneenns

7 Total. .

Report of tho Harrow Publieukibrary: — one such part shall be asSissed, lovied. an

Balance rom 1916. ....e.vnsieeresenunsronsss

 
     

     

 

 

 

 

 
 
    
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
 
  
  
   

    
 
 
   
 
  

   
 
 
   
 
  

for ihr: high g because of its
purit igh-sweetenin, wi

and ine” reanlatton Powe

2 and 5b. Cartons _.

10, 20 and 100-1b. Sacks

 

snadian Patriotic Association and for other [a letter from hee son Drayton, who is
med advisable to pass a by-law to borrow staying near Pury Sound. His héalth Farmers are misled by choosing

 
 
 
  
 
  
 
   
  
    
 
  

 
 
  
 
 
  
 
  
  

.(.| and family ar visiting in Detrolt.— | excellence | due to unusually fertile
wi ry iio Tasable property ot fis Municf- Miss Elln Isramie spent a couple [soll or thin planting. Previous con-
8 sessment roll amounts | © days at Violet McCrie's,—Miss Eula | ditions of growth cannot overcome

ant motered to Cottam Sunday last. | hereditary tendencies, say crop spec-
existing debenture debt of the Municipality amounts to i oo

   
  
     
   
 
  
   
  
   
    
  
 
 

    
     
 
     
  
 
   
    
  
 
  

Dollars, required to meet the Patriotic

 

had been grown on the best manured
The yearlings carried over from last | plot of the fertility work of the Ohio
season have about finished laying now | Experiment Station yielded the same
and will be boarders until late winter |as other corn that had been grown on
or early spring. The present prices |unfertilized land. The two sorts of
of feed absolutely prohibit the keeping | seed were originally {dentical.
of these non-producers, and they should Seed corn that originally grew on
be fattened and shipped to market as |one plant, three plants and five plants

   
     
    
   
  
 
 

  

ATLANTIC SU FINERI
"Pure and Uncolored” i sve A RED mn

entum per annum.

161

 

 

  
    
       
   
 
        
       
    
  

       
      
       
    

       
   
      

 

      
  
  
   
   
 

case, closely, at this critical time in the Nation's welfare. It will send a thrill
of energy through your very soul and inspire you to do your bit, in a practical
way. = ?

THE BUSINESS. WORLD NEEDS YOUR SERVICES AND ITS DOORS
ane Wine OPEN-TO YOU, WILL YOU SEIZE THE OPPORTUNITY AND

OIN US? : &

You MUST fit yourself for great tasks, as much of the burden will natur-
ally fall upon the shoulders of youhg women and rejected young men, and
the Cadman College is the strongest, the safest and the best, in fact the only
Business School, {n thls section with the proper equipment, and a. full staff
of teachers. fg

YOU must know of many who have attended our school and are now on
Big Salaries.

EVERY QUALIFIED STUDENT OF LAST YEAR IS EMPLOYED.
We have the most efficient class of all years, and expect a splendid class
the ‘coming year, (Will you be one of us?) and that without soliciting, as we

small profit might be possible during |9 3.5 ounces each from three stalks,
the third laying season, it is not great [and still others ench weighing §
enough. to justify the maintenance of |ounces where five stalks grew in one
three-year-old layers. + We" must in-|hi]l, A difference of, only half a
crease production as much as pos-| bushel was noted in 6 years from the
‘sible this year, and the execution of|three strains, Seed from plants that
such a program calls for pullets and |grew five per hill, yielded slightly
yenrlings in the layers’ quarters this |more than the one-plant strain even
fall. Get rid of the old birds and |though smaller ears had been cliosen
make room for the prolific youngsters. | for lanting.

BY-LAW No. ---

By-Law to provide for drainage work In the Township of Malden in the County of
A Yotaw he for Ph the credit of the Municipality the sum of Two
Thousand Three Hundred and Sixty-three Dollars for completing the same.

   
       
  
  
 
    
  
   
     
  

attach the seal of the Municipality to the said deben-

    
   
 

     

sed and levied in each year by a special rate on all the

     
  

   
   

  

ral instalments of principal and interest accruing due

  
  

 

   
  
  
 
 

    
 
   
 
 
   

 

raised annually for the payment of the said debentures

       
 

ime in such amounts as may be necessary to pay the

 
 
    

 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
  
   
  

     
     
  
   
  

    
    
  
  
  

 

the ditch or drain on the Collison Sideroad is out of repair and causing damage to his A Detroft Raflway Office Manager: phoned for two ladies, and said to

       
  
    
     
        
       
 

 
  
   

 
  
   
  
 

    
 
  
  
  

 
     
  

   
 
 
   

   
  
   
   
    
  
   
  
 
 
 
  
   
   
   
    
  
  
   
     
  
  
 
  
    
 
  

 

upon the. roads and lots, or parts of lots, hereinafter in that behalf Specialy set fortn
and describ and the report of the sald Aa wane rd, C. E., In respect ti=reofl, and
of Ihe salddrainage work being as follow

 
  
  
   
  
    
   
   
    
 
    
  
   
  

A young man called to see about a course for his si-‘er. He told us of a
lady friend who attended elsewhere, but, was much ¢ ‘appointed with the
technical and moral influences—she tried a position for ‘wo days, but could

acted by the ‘Municipal Council of the Corporation of

  
  
   
  
    
  
    
   

Leamington, 23rd July, 1017.

our of ‘one o'clock in the afternoon. of Malden

To the Necve and Councillors of the Townshiy

   
 

  
    
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
     

    
 
   
   
   
      
   
    

    
    
 
  

early azcavated, ote

 
 

Th struction of this Grain will rendur nacessary the bullding of threo hizh-

    
     

 
                
       
  
     
   
  
 

     
 
     
 
  

 

the specifications in reference thereto submitted heréwith.

For damages 1p lands and crops (If any).by disposal of the excavated earth, for a
farm bridge where one now exists in the course of the drain that will require to be
removed and for farm access bridges, where suchnow exist along the drain course,

 

              
  
     

    
 
  
  
 

deleted fe fob eee fe ebb

Kingsville, June 15tl1,11917.

        
   
 
   
    
   
  
    
  
   
  
 
 

  
 

    

LW pt _M ptog... Gerald or Clarendon Brush 50 00

 

‘High Grade Cement :

EXPENDITURES.

Amounting In all to... .oic, i ernss LJ 55 00 3 35 00 3 150 00

 
 
  

   
  
      

     
   
  
  
 
 

 

 

 

 

   

 

Consult your Service Interests and Pocketbook by

3 ) te . . .
up wh uire anything in Ve lin
Essex, Ont.,, February 5th, 1917 carrying out of the work as shown and set ou% fn the schedule of assessment attached calling us.up whenyou req yth 8 abo ¢ li es.
3 + id if ¥ (J 0, : + 9
RECEIPTS. Of the cost of the highway bridges fedtitred on. the drain I have {n my assessmont
. $ 32 | charged 80 per cent. against the municipaliyy of Malden in general and 20 per cent.
Nir win eee Sala aips nave ad ns rales ARENT IR E © ] against the lands and roads within the draibsge are k W

  
 
 
  
   
    
  
  

 

60 00 1 beg further to. submit 10 your bonorable ody that this draindge work be kept

up and maintatned [n repair at the f5int expense of the lands, roads and municipality
assessed for carrying out the Same, in the relative proportion’ assessed in the schedule
oF assessment horeto annexed, until otherwise determined and reported upon.

Henry Robidoux

   
 

    

    
 

Ot LR MOORS MEME XEN J ROM RONSON

 
   
  

  
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
   
  
 
 
  
  
 
   
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
   

Ind. The Reeve of the sald Township Gr Malden may borraw on the @redit of .the
Corporation of the sald Townshipi of Maldes the sum of Two Thousand Tire: Hundred

and’ Sixty-three Dollars, bein the funds Necessary for the work not provided for, and
and may (sue Debentures of the COrPOratian to that amount in Sums of nat laos’ (and TIMELY RECIPES.

10 00 ) giriy Dollars each, and payable Within seven years from the date of the said Debentures,

   
 
   
 
 

 

  

of It being out of reach by next. it is

 
  
  
   
   
    
  
    
 

  
  

-of-way for town sheds

   

 

 
 
   
   
  
 
 
  
  
  
    
   
  
  
   

interestin, hear
ies 30 EERE RE a dor annum, that 18 10 say in soven equal an- | Pickled Pears and Sweet Apples. | fruit ltt the hitherto bai
59 59 | irer's offica and to have attached to them Gach ncoerures 10 bo payable at tho Tress | Make a syrup composed of one cup [necessary sweet. “I have,” she said, :
127 ard. For paying the sum of 81,1905, the amount charged against the said lands | Of vinegar, one cup of sugar to two |*canned blueberries, raspberries and A
ER 29 and roads for benefit, and the sam of §

and roads for outlet liability, and the sug a7 's’ ‘N° Mount charged against sald lands | cups of water, though tastes may dif-

1ands and roads for fnjuring Uabilisy, SBurt from Tands aad roads honing ja ast 581d | for regarding. the ‘amount of sugar

trolled by the Municipality, and fOr cOVuring interest thereon for 7 years at the rate | and vinegar used. Anyway, based

sv ns alain es AT NTS Sele loa cesreneuesiageoec $614 223) 0f 6 per cent. per annum, the following total Apacial rates, over and above all other | on these ‘proportions, about half All

rates, shall be assessed, lovied 8nd chjjacted (in the same manner and as the same
fimo ‘as other taxes are levied 80d Gillacted) upon aqd (rom. io undermentionea lois | ho, kettle with syrup, and set on to

H and parts of lots and roads, and boil. Peel fruit, leaving on stem when
Harrow Public Library. agalfAt each 1ot or part of Jo po, Bos SHV R000. NN antr Senhy sain iet | poouible, stick fn a Paw cloves. aad to

collected as aroressid, in esol year, (or [syrup and boil tender. Other spices
RECEIPTS. joven yous after the Anal Passing of- this by-law, during which the said ebentures may be added if liked. Pears alone,

  

apples. for over twenty years without
sugar and in that time I only lost one
pint and then the rubber wasn't good.
First I have my berries all picked
over and put them in a good bright
agate or mew tin kettle and pour a “ol
little hot water, just enough to keep " pa
them from burning. Then I set them A
to the back of the stove and boil them “Al

 
  
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
   

 

   
    
     
   
  
 
  

 
   
      
  
  
 
 
 
   
 
 
    
  
 
 
 

run.

      
   
   
 

      
 
 
  
 
   

 

  

 

   
 
     
     
     
  

      

 
 

  
  
  

 

   
 

  
  
  
  
   

  
  
  

    
 
 
 
    

 

       
    
   
     
   
     

  
        

       
      

 

 

i TEs oS c— | apples alone, or both mixed in. any (half an hour, or until I am sure the
: r Legislative grant paid in 1916.. fo. ‘TA 82 g 84 £85 § $25, proportion may be put up in this way, |are copked When T put the berries /
: ; ial zoant. 1916. oe 50 00 AR ae Ar Bor 1 of and make up an appetizing breakfast on the stoye I put my cans on in a
NOTICE 1s hereby given that I have rant, 1916 : 50 00 i £ Part of 5. 5.2 58 Sok ® 282 | dish or cold ment relish, Seal,
transmitted or delivered to the persons | County grant, 16 “50 00 z 3% 225 Zig 38M zg E.0s A good deal may be done with pears,
: Viral” (20H chp Fugu py | poner? Pn 32 vB § i 28 22% E58 243 57 S23 ir they haoben tobe pientitl Thon
Sad Section 1 Be transmitied or delivered a ip foes from 120 members. i 88 71 Vi ea i GER ko eH ERE = «252 | ot goof flavor are nite cooked in a mot
Of the list, made pursuant to said Act, of on 36 | Front Road SEpLAs .. 100 38500 $38 AW $271 SL N5W [100 sweet syrup with ginger root.
Alsace BEECH ine. said gat, revised oi he aur 20 NE cor. 3. welt fio 4 1m 28 11 Cooked in cherry juice or in rhubarb
i tied to vote In te said Munich Re a a SSS ls Tl, 64) 8 W pt 50 3% 10s 1 10D his 1b 31 8 juice they are delicious.
a RL * : inl BER bs dk BE ue ga DED SANSIYG
ahd that {he Said list was first posted Up in i $5,362 35:1 Egte I 3. 2500 868 3A geo dae a0 Cabbage. :
‘my office (nthe Village of Harrow; an, , EXPENDITURES. ’ W pt [] 1000 ° 1000 258 1283 1®) (a) Select well-developed heads of
tho 27th day of August, A.D. 1917, and’ ro- TER Ty pe I TR EN TT ¥ M pt fo! 10 00 loot 283 138 17% cabbage and remove all looso cutaide
mains there for Inspection, : Books, adult (no! reves » E plo .. 03Y 10 00 10 388 18 36 leaves. Split tho cabbage, remove the | §
And I hereby call upon all voters to take | Books. adult (fiction)... .. Wnt Nob of 15.00 1500 0% 31; 448 a > ¢
ate procecdings to havo any crrofs | po uo" quvenile (not fiction) h M pt N'pt 80 200 6M 33% ¢6lhard, woody core, slice the remainder
oF Gln corrected eri, | Books, juvenile (Action)... " ERED 0 Mm mo mh 60 Bn AB eg Pe als 4, Krai onkiet on or lanife;
RX I CC tor South. Te Pi was Sole sia. ptE pt. I] ao 7800 1360 4315 21175 sos |slicer, a . » liero
Dun Angus sr EINE Magasin Dom pbiRgEe 8 BRAS EE Bh ME BEG) died ou te aioe » tori 1 wi 4 lt out and
r Light and hea Een Epiu pt Bus me AS 0s 1m odpm Sei Si a won't ferment. I=
Salary, Librarian . vem © WpL 15 Lo M3 us 37 18 268 Dy LoL cs 0 maisture F
| Printing; stationery. . TOLAL FOr Banoflt ,.... moss Steen sists onesies 3 $76 2000 hres oF Do co

Express and draying
RON ...vonvan

     
  
 

 

“SAFETY

    

    
   
 

i books and repairs... :-
3 xtra | hand, December 19 MAL reese

over though
plumbing ia your HOME? : :
* Unsanitary and dotectivo plumbing persion in

[es B

TEARRLIOE Outlob.... si. sineeiiaes wwstmsspess amin
Muniaipal Ma Brideos
Hoods (and Janda) ‘of Manicipanity, ridees en

a

All these products should be “con.
arpa an Bash:
(a) Select sound, well-grown

  
    

     
    
  

  
 

5858

gs88
38 =
28
23
Egg
3s 2

  
 

  

  

  

 

 
 
  
   

n

     
  
  

   

FIRST” io

i of this fn regard to the sanitary conditions

 
 

dormine the health of your

 
