» ONTARIO DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC HIGHWAYS,
0 Toronto, November 15th, 1916
W. P. Coyle, Bsq,, i
County Clerk, &
} Sandwich, Ont.

Dear Sir,—F am in receipt of your letter of the 11th Instant, with respect
to tho selection of commissioners under the tario Highways Act; and have
the honour to advice that the Minister of Piblic Works and Highways, the
Honourable F. G. Macdiarmid, has to-day approved of the names submitted,
viz; John F. Millen, for the County of Essex; A. W. Jackson, for the City
of Windsor, and His Honour Judge . 0. Dromgole, agreed upon as the third
Commissioner.

DECEMBER SPECIAL SESSION.

‘Report of the County -Commissimer ‘to Define the
Suburban Area of the City of Windsor
and Town of Walkesville.

¥ Sandwich, Oni, December 18th, 1916.
¥ To the Warden and Members of Essex County Council: —
Gentlemen,—Having been appointed by you as County Commissioner to

(Signed) W, A. McLEAN,
define the Suburban Area of the City of Windser and Town of Walkerville, .
I beg to report to you:—

That A. W. Jackson, the Commissioner appofated by the City of Windsor Report of Good Roads Committee.

for the City, and I met at the office of F. D. Davis to discuss the building of [ To the Warden and Members of Essex County Council: —
the Marais bridge, and that at that meeting we agreed on His Honour Judge Gentlemen,—We, your Roads Committee appointed at the July session and
: Dromgole as the third Commissioner, he to be notified and asked to call the | continued by resolution of the September session, do now report as follows:
first meeting. We were called by the Road Superintendent to decide what was best to
By appointment we met in the city hall, Winddor, on Friday night, No. [ do about certain grades. These we-inspected and ordered the work done.
vember 17th, 1916. We were also asked to decide what was to be done in the matter of an nssess-
Moved by Mr. Jackson, seconded by Mr; Millen, that Judge Dromgole be | ment under the Ditches and Watercourses Act on the Imeson and Meloche
chalrman.—Carried. Drains in Anderdon and decided to appeal. The appeal has been heard but
Moved by Mr. Jackson, seconded by Judge Dromgole, that Mr. Millen be | so far the County Judge has not rendered judgment.
Secretary of this Commission.—Carried. ) As directed by the council In September to purchase a gravel pit, we
Mr. Jeckson and Mr. Millen then put In a written statement that they | met the council of Gosfield South and obtained from them an option on part
had met and agreed on J. O. Dromgole, County Judge, 88 the third Commis- | of the north part of lot 12, Concession 3. This pit is directly across the 4th
sloner, Concession Road from the M.C.R. pit, known as the Hickey pit. After obtain-
A letter was also put in from W. A, McLean, Deputy Minister of High- | ing the option we had Mr. Huber, an engineer of the Highways Department,
ways, that the Honourable F. G. Macdiarmid, Minister of Public Works and | examine it, and he reported that he considered it to be first-class road ma-

SYours truly,

Purity! P arity! P arity!

The one dominating note that runs:

Highways, approved of John F. Millen for the County of Bssex, A. W. Jack-
son for the City of Windsor, and His Honour Judge J. O. Dromgole as the
third Commissioner.

terial. We then entered into negotiations with the M.C.R. to extend their
tracks from their pit to ours, a distance of about 300 feet, This they report
ed they were unable to do as the cost of maintafning their tracks would cost

Soap is Purity. The $5,000 Guar-

At this meeting, the time of meeting and mode of procedure to define the | too much to make the handling of our gravel a paying freight proposition.
suburban area was discussed. Monday, December 4th, at 8 p.m. in the Judge's | We then proposed to them that we would keep the track in repair and deliver
Chambers was stated as the first date of meeting, but in discussing the mode | the gravel to the Leamington and Comber branch, a distance of about 214%
of precedure Mr, Jackson would not agrec to the suggestion “That the Secre- | miles. To this the Assistant General Manager said they would agree and

AE tary notify the Windsor City Council and the County Council or County Road | Would have an agreement drawn up to cover the necessary points as to
Committee that we proposed to meet on Monday, December 4th, at 3 p.m. | maintenance, freight, etc. but they report to us now that there are certain
in the Judge's Chambers, and if they wished to be represented by counsel or | objections to the agreement and asked our solicitor to take the matter up
otherwise or produce any information on the question to be present.” After | With thelr solicitor, which our solicitor has done, but so far no definite under-
discussing the question for some time, at the request of Mr. Jackson, we | standing has been arrived at.
adjourned to meet In the Mayor's office on Friday, November 24th, at 8 p.m. As our option with Gosfield South would soon expire and we had authority
On Friday, November 24th, at the appointed time Judge Dromgole and I | to buy, we did on December 12th, 1916, closed the option and paid Gosfield
met at the City Hall, but Mr. Jackson did not appear. Since that time we have | South $7,100.00 for 61-10 acres of gravel. We might say that this gravel pit
been unable to get a meeting with Mr. Jackson, and I am told he intends to | 18 from 18 to 24 feet deep of first-class gravel, and if we succeed in making
‘resign. I am therefore very sorry that I cannot make any report to you as I | arrangements with the M. C. R. to haul it, as we believe we will, by means
had hoped to do.” If we hand met as proposed I see no reason why we could | of shipping to the stations of Tilbury, Comber, Ruscomb, Woodalee, Essex,
not havé had our work well along and probably finished by now, and at the | Maidstone, McGregor and Amherstburg; we will-be able to gravel. with a
farthest by the January session, so that the county might proceed with the | rensonable haul the majority of the roads in our system, and by reshipping

antee you get with every single bar
18 not a mere advertisement. It
marks a standard set for the buyers
who select the choice Sunlight Soap
materials—for the soap boiler—for
the expert chemists—for the girls,
even, who wrap and pack Sunlight.

All are mindful of the Guarantee:
—it is a source of gratification to.

some’ cases to get the use of good road sérapers or planers. In the case of | Nov. 23 N. A. Simpson, on account of Work...............cc.... $ 175 0p -
Road No. 5, in Rochester, 1 had to buy a road planer and leveller, but in all 30 Stanley Jones, drawing-gravel.... 49 50 [ ) ;
other cages the townships have let us have the use of their tools free, but I 30 Carl Roach, drawing gravel. 49 60 f E
belleve in thegfuture we will have to get the necessary tools to keep the 30 Earl Jones, drawing gravel..... 49 50 ;
| roads in condition. Also fn the building of the several concrete bridges we 30° Althea Jolinson,” drawing gravel 22 00
did not have our own machines, so in every case but on Road No. 2 in Ander- 30 Lewis Jones, drawing gravel. ... . 9 00
don, we have had the bridges put in by the yard by some contractor. The 30 Harry Wales, drawing gravel........ st or 0L 005 TO wrE: of the Town of Amberstbu
price pald was $4.00 per yard, and we furnish all the materinl and the con- 30 Robert Campbell, teaming and work... 08 00
tractor to do all excavating, furnish his own lumber, for farms, build the 80 N. A. Simpson, for work arid cement. 82 25
bridge and fill In the trenches. Counting the cost of material and cost of put- | Dec. 15 Culbert White, for brace piles seeaaan 4 50
; ting it on the ground, the bridges built this way have cost from $8.90 per 15 Robert Emerson, for drawing gravel 16 50
; yard to $9.90 except the Cronmiller bridge, which on account of bad roads 156 N. A. Simpson, for rods and pipe, ........ aie ene miata ala wine e 21 68 .
and long haul cost about $13.00 per yard. The bridges built by day’s work Total For oi Year Lot or Part of Lots Streets, Taxes! | Costs. === Total
; 3 : nh A on A a er Sar eR i a Sar ; BS
and hg ihe haul of material was several miles but fair roads, cost $11.70 The Connty pays Soper cents or sli) 1007 8 Huo 10
This naturally brings up the question whether we ought to have our own (Signed) A. ARMSTRONG, S YE Tamiay.
concrete mixers or not, which question will no doubt be decided by the next Reeve, . 190% hig

needed building of the roads leading into Windsor. =

I might say that I was informed this morning that the Windsor City
Councll Jast night accepted Mr. Jackson's resignation and appointed Mr. Fitz
Bridges to take his place,

to be started in the spring.
Respectfully submitted.

(Signed) JOHN F. MILLEN.

County Roads Superintendent Report.

To the Warden and Members of Essex County Council: —

Gentlemen,—In making my first report.to you of road construction and
maintenance, you will notice that there has not been very much construction,
in fact only what I was instructed to do by the committee in addition to some
concrete bridge. In maintaining the roads some of the foremen have, not
been able to do as good work as they would like on account of having inferior
tools to work with.

council or committee. ‘
Attached hereto is a detall statement of cdnstruction and maintenance
as well as'an abstract statement, with explanatory notes, on each road:

If such fs the case I hope we may be able to get | and wa hope the work will be continued,
the matter setttled by the January session or at least in tme to allow work | Commissioner says about the Windsor suburban area, but as.the City have

This has been caused by our decision not to buy any | Pelee Creek, on Talbot Road, Township of Mersea, and
road machinery or tools this year, and consequently they were unable ‘in [Of sald Township on dates given: —

on the other roads be able to reach them all.
As to the work done this year, the Superintendent has put in a report
which gpeaks for itsell. As to the future next year's council will decide,

You will also notice what our

all the. Sunlight workers.

now appointed another Commissioner we hope the matter will be speedily
settled. a x

All of which I8 respectfully submitted,

(Signed) WM. WOOLLATT,

Chairman.

Report of Committee re Cement Breakwater at County
Bridge over Point Pelee Creek, on Talbot Road,

Township ‘of Mersea. :

Statement of cost of cement breakwater at county bridge over Point
paid by the council

Sandwich, December 20th, 1916.

7

TOWN OF AMHERSTBURG, |

E. 8.Beymore
E. 8. Seymore
W. B Noymore
E 8B Stymore.

1905-10-12

Report of Special Committee to Repair the County Grade| is" |

190%

Saye

1 . W'S Seymore : J 2 10.
Road No. 1—On this road some new grading was done on the 6th con- on the Townline between Anderdon and Sandwich West, I Ie 5 Seymore Ci
. cession In Anderdon at the Long Marsh Drain— ; over River Canard, east of the R. C. Church. wo W 8 Soymore.. 21 59 2 i
Coustriction, Maintohanee-1g : Sandwich, December 19th 1916 Toots er ; i
At'n copt'of........ A TI rr Re Te RL So IT 62750 k y - 2 gs Lh, b. nes or 3 90
Maintenance and repairs bridges. ................ $174 56 To the Warden and Members ot Essex County Council: EB foymere 218
! co ith 8 Gentlemen, —I, your gpecial committee appointed at the January session Ww 8 5
a3 plo iio. 200 His Fag Soul a, CRBS ire Re SEA to repair the county grade on the townlifie between Anderdon wid Siadwich E 5 3
<3iie eB 2 3 v o s , E
drain with 8-foot eye and 23 feét long and graded the approaches, and we fy, yer River Canard, east of the R. C. church, beg leave to report as Ww os
have on hand ot this location thie necessary steel ‘and lumber for forms to Aug 8 Albert Brunette. fone day with ‘tenis 5 5 00 Hi ( 3
Buliqythe Whalen and Darragh bridges, ; Drawing 646 londs of earth and’ spreading the same, at aio-11 ve 2
JAN ‘The total cost has been. $ 1310 10 Sie. vat Toad wl 393 00 1010-11 ... w 8
{i \ And or maintenance. ..............conin $ 114 45 per load, i... El LL AAD or CE HA Te on 22 Be as X
Road Ng. 3.—On this road at Maidstongiwe built a concrete bridge with Total : 1 3 $ 228 00 BS K
12-foot eye 48 feet lonm and over the Delisle Drain 2 concrete bridge 7-foot Ros) ectiuily submitted. En sine a 5 ES { "
eyo and 2A Jk Tong, and over the drain near the Huron Line a concrete Sp (Si ned) REMI LAFRAMBOISE, L : :
bridge 8-foot-eye and 20 feet. long. At Maidstone we have about $30.00 wortly & Special C > WSs - 0
of steel not used. ! : peclal Committee, E 8 Broek... 47 ol ot
The cost of construction on this road hag been....$ 2515 35 i 3 : va Brock. dee 2807 5
And for maintenance...... atries Cr. ’ [70 04 Report _.of Committee appointed by Essex and Kent to ES
Road No."4.—On this road, which may or.may not be in the subdrban aren 5

of “the Oity of- Windsor, {s the bridge known as the Marais bridge, which
bridge had been¢ondemned by the Government Engineer when on his tour
of inspection in September. I therefore asked for the consent of A. W.
son, Commissioner for the City of Windsor, and J. F. Millen, Commissioner
for the County, to define the suburban area of the City of Windsor, to bulld
this bridge, as 1 considered I had no jurisdiction until the aren was defined; |
and they told me to go on and build the bridge and that after the area was
defined it was found ta be In the ‘area that the City of Windsor would pay
,thelr share. ' .
This bridge has cost.......
And mcintenace of road... 103 40
Road No. 5.—On the Middle Road in Rochester in front of Jot 6 and part
of 7 and 8 it was necessary to do some grading and dftching, a8 the road was
very flat, wide and wet, ‘also in front of lots 14, 156 and 16, Af the former
place it was necessary to put afculvert 12-inch by 34 feet to drain the water
from the north side. 7

build a Bridge‘ over the West Branch of Two-Creeks ?

o K
on the Essex and Kent Townline. WaK
Juack-| p, the Warden, and MemBers of the Essex County Council, jn Council assem- 55 Siwroo
bled: — > A
Gentlemen,—We, your committee appointed in June by Essex and Kent to LE

build a bridge over the west branch of Two Creeks on the townline between
Essex and Kent, beg leave to repokt as follows: fa

A N 8 Bictimond ...
We asked for tenders, which were opened on the.12th of September, and N§ sl
tenders were received from the following bridge contractors: That of James N 8 Richmond

McGill, of Harrow, for building bridge and’ retaining wall, $1,925.00. Another
from N. A. Simpson, for building bridge alone, $2,460.00, and for wall $240,00
each tender being accompanied by a marked cheque of 10 per cent. We
accepted that of James McGill. *

The bridge has been completed according to plans and specifications, but
owing to a mistage being made in the girder seat by the Department, there |

Zz
®» @
:
a
=
E
3S
=
&

St. Aroaud
For

A

FAA Ad
Ep mh ART
Cl
=]

8
-1

had to be an extra three inches of concrete on the floor; We would recom- 7 8 Batharnt
This was. al the new work on'this road and cost..$ 188 89 mend paying Mr. McGlll $32.00 for extra concrete used in floor, being one- Ti & Hathares
Sfatrtenants MY BARI Faso iis Dad anny pF 1 $ 236 G4 half the cost, that being our agreement with Mr. McGill, and also recommend Eo Duthie
Road No. 6.—1 had the Base, Line Road graded at the Little River, In | yo payment of $10.00 for removing old logs and earth from under new bridge. W B Bathurst
order to preserve the road, as reporeu’to you at last session. » We would recommend the payment of $80.00 to, Mr. McDonald, for railing ES Bathnrat
f Cost gt 381 26 s the old bridge, ns per contract'of last May. We would also recommend the Si Gime
Maintenance v work. al 3 24 00 payment of $28.00 to Mr. McDonald, for pufting on riiling on retaining wall, | a9 WS: George 6)
Road No. 7.—No new work, all maintenance... $54 7700 as’ recommended by Kent officials on their first Inspection, each county to W § Goargo 18
Road No, 8.—On this road at St. Joachim it was necessary to put in a pay one-half of above accounts & z E 8 George 48
Sulkert to take the water from the north slde ut’ the rpadinear the church; [#22 Sofi rt, 0 respectfully submitted > Bats, i
and over the Cronmillér Drain in Maidstone we had to put in a concrete ¥ (Signed) GAINER GRAHAM fo RS ooore. 1
yw bridge. This bridge, on Asean of the long haul and bad roads has cost 3 ) A. ARMSTRONG * ES Sandwich E
| more thin others. We have, however, 16 yards of sand left here to be used | vw, ren , “ A. Y;
Y \ at another bridge to be built. near. The cost of new work on this rond has Wheatley, Deoambar Ath. 1016. Comnilssionsrs. x 3 Madaich
been for chlve $ 31 66 ; cop ’ ; ’ . RYE Perry :
Ant ue, as a aw aTiaxy : a Sh 4 $ 231 60 Report of Commission on County Bridge over Canard River, . i; All tho above lots aro patented.
Road No. 9.—Maintenance only. ............. ey 14 20: Town Treasurer's Oflloe,

1 Road No. 10,—On this road between North and South Woodslee it>Wwas
necessary to do three pieces of grading to raise the road, also had to put in

three culverts, one being south of Woodslee near Mr. Brooker’s.

Cost of culverts. ............ ~ia'ninse $ 2456 70

Cost 6f grading. ... . 3

“And maintenance $ 807

Road No. 11.—On, this road just north of Ruscomb it was necessary to
t put in some tile, as ditch on east side was filled up,

$ 174 66
114 46
170 04

ww Respectfully. submitted. a : ;
108 i TE (Signed) ROBT HART,
EE BAY JE ‘CHAS. B. WHALEN,
34 00} Sanawich, © Soma

A. Brimner, Harrow, 3,178 feet plank at $60.00 per M.......5:......$ - 158 90°} : z [i ;
Lm a Re I TR aL $ 11% |FEita Bondy, McGregor, hauling plank from Harrow. . = 7 50 Comfortable: By
Rond No. 12.—On this road we have built a concrete bridge over the 10th | Fred. Brush, McGregor, hauling plank from Harrow. 765018 &
Concession Drain, 8-foot eye and 22 feet long, « Hita Bondy, McGregor, work on bridge, 4 days..... 10 00 |
Coding ..... % lf Fred. Brush, McGregor, work on bridge, 4 days........ 10 00 S .
Maintenance N -F $ 61°50 Felix Meloche, McGregor, 100 Ms. spikes..........>.... 4 00 Placing yonr order with us
* Rqad No. 13:—Maintenance only. $ 2440 All of which 18 respectfully submitted. gtk >
‘ GENERAL ACCOUNT. : (Signed). CHAS. B. WHALEN, —FOR—
T0018, MACKINETY, @lC.... ivi vadanssnscsrsaesrsrrrarseise....§ © 71 84 | Sandwich; December 19th, 1916. Commissioner. {| :
Office books, forms, etc. SS 40 55 : Ea mein DOUBLE WINDOWS,
Lanterns, ofl, etc.. 10.25! Report of Commissionersto grade at Canard Bridge PORCHES and
| Superintendent's 8 433 88 in Colch “North TH Wing a
Gravel pit in Gosfield 7100 00) 1 ¢ bo: . STORM DOORS.
3 : ; d y To fer var den ad Mor :arg of Bair County Comal oF d t 8: hadi iain
3 : emen,—We, your Commissioners appointed to grade and fence the :
SUMMARY. ©, | approaches to the Canard bridge in Colchester North, report that we have , All orders will receive
. Construc- Malnten- [had the grading done-at t of .21. We were unable: to gravel ‘the | ' our prompt attention
ance. | approach becsuse we not get the gravel, and we did not put the fence |§ =. i Tr

Anderdon and Colchester North Townline.

Tonle Warden and Members of the Essex County Council, In, Council assem:
led: — * 5

Amblioratburg, October 2nd, 1916

all through the making of Sunlight

MUNICIPALITY OF THR y virtue. of a warrant {ssued by tho Mayor.of the To:
1 Bilary undor his hand a0 athe seal of the pindih

GORDON E, PULFORD,
Town Treasurer.

y y .

—Gentlemen,—Following the {nstructions of the Road and Bridge Commit-
tee of the January session, I have had the county bridge over Canard River
on the Anderdon and Colchester North townline repaired by having a new

cover of three-inch white oak plank, and two new stringers. The cost of the
same 18 as follows: —

| Make Your Home

up as’ we considered {t would be better to I
grado would be well settled to hold the posts.

e {t until spring so’ that the ||

#1 old, welght 3x0 pounds and’safe in foal, this

: [™ id 5 2 ST Bi
Calcutts’ brewery, established
Cobourg in 1856 and removed to Petor-
boro 66 years ago, and since continu-
ally operating, has closed down, owing
to the effect of the temperance act. *
Fred. St. John Bliss, nged 62, secre-
tary-treasurer of th emunicipality of
York, New Brunswick, and judge of
probate, shot himself through the head
and ip not oxpecod to recover, For
many years Mr, B88 was secretary
of the St. John River Log Driving An-
sociation, retiring from that office a
| few years ag,
Nellle Jones, the 5-year-old daughter
of J. J. Smith, of Strathroy, died from
the effects of burns she received. The
child, while playing outside, got some
coal ofl on her dress. On going {nside
she was cold and stood by the stove
(to warm herself when suddenly her
dress burit Into flames. She was ter-
ribly burned about the body and legs x
before help came, and after suffering- 8
intensely, dled next day. ft
< A spectacular fire in Toronto de-
stroyed th estreet railway barns on
King streot east. The building was
of factory contsruction and had many
cars In ft, thus insuring the rapid vi
spread of the flames and a big blaze E
while It Insted. The loss is said to be
in the neighborhood of a quahter of
a million dollars, partially covered by
insurance, The number of cars de-
stroyed ig not yet known, but the
bullding and Its contents were com-
pletely wiped out. Cause of the fire
is unknown.

AvcrioNn SALE

—OF—

Farm Stock and Implements,

There will be #old by public auction at Lot
No. (1. Fira Concession, [Ter 8 i
COLCHESTER SOUTH, on © “CrHiemcat.

Monday, January 8th, 1917.

The following farm Stock and Imple
Household Effects, &o.: Plemants,
HORSES: — fron groy Percheron mare, 8
years old ; Iron grey Percheron mare. § years
old ; Iron grey Percheron horse, 5. yon rw; black
Porchoron mare, 4 years, in foal by Findlar :
Toxuas driving barse, 5 yoitrs and quiet ; sorrel
Hacknoy horse, 4 years. quiet lo drive = binek
Are colt, 1 year old ; aged grey mare quiet
for women to drive.
CATTLE: ~Grade Durham cow, 8 years, duo
in.Feb ; Durham cow 4 years, fresh ; Grade
Holstein: cow, 4 years, due in March : Roan
‘Durham cow, S.yearw, dus in June ; Grado
Durham cow. 2 years old, de in Juno * three
Grade Durham’ heifers, rixing 2 years, sup
posed to be with calf ; threo spring calves.
HOGS: ~two Duroc Jersey sows, due first of
April : Jereoy and Palund wow, due first of
April : 33 young shonts
MPLEMEXTS:—7 fool McCortaick binder,
now : Lowdown McCormick spreader. now :
Masacy-Hurris 10 foot roller, new: John Deere,
corn plantor. new : Cockshutt dls, new : set
steel harro 10 feet : two-horse Western v
cultivator : Maple Leaf two furrow plow :1
No. {: Wilkinson plow : 1 horso cultivator ;
shovel plow ; Chatham Fanning mill, ne
Chatham wagon. thrée (neh tire. new s
Chatham wagon, 2 inch tires ; hay rack, now ;
flat box and hog rack. complete ; open buggy,
new; tobaceo planter : pair platform scales .

1200 pounds : I'sot double work harness 3 pot
double chain harness

HOUSEROLD GOODS, Etc: —One Huppy

Thought Range. nearly new : bedistend : now
plush couchis sideboard new ; extension table:
G chairs : 2'gockers : centre table § cupboard: 3
120 ogg Hnasllon Incubator ; willy barrel i
churn; 2rynrds good rag carpet : 20) yards of %
bought carpet : 13 yards of linoleum,

125 Chickens casli. Qunntity of corm fodder,
and olhier articles Loo numerous to memtion,
Sale to commencont 123 o'clock PM, Sharp.

TERMS—All sumgat or under §10. cash; over
that ‘amount. twelve months’ credit; on furn-
ing approved © Joint wnoled, or six por cont.
per annum off for cash on sums emtitled to

hAER & ATKIN GORDON LER, . 1]
Auctioneers, Proprietor. © |
Auction Sark ol

OF * Ns

Horses, Cala, Hogs, mplomants,
~" Housshold Goods, &c,

Hoving decided to return to flinojx, T will
sell by public suction. at Lot 11, ‘Con 6, % mile. >
east of Marshileld and 3miles north of Harrow,

Wednesday, January 10th, ’17

The following Honsox, Gntlle, Hogs, -
ments, Household Goon, Aa Iuiple

TEN HEAD OF HORSES: — One Straw! y
Roan team. of mares, woven a

isa good tenm :1 brown mare. seven yoars,

weight 1500, safe, in foal ; Chiostnnl sul |

mare, fyears old wejght 1300, safe in foal:

black mare. four years oid, gontlo single and

double, safe for lidy (o drive, weight 1200,

those mares were all bred to my Bolging Stal “
lion, und sorvices are paid for : Bay horse, 8

years wolght 150 Grey mare colt. coming

two vears, she Is nn oxtem good one : threo

suckin IL

EIGHT HEAD QF CATTLE: ~two Roan
Shorthorn cows. 3 years old each und giving &
ood flow of milk now. will freshen in
March : Rod Shorthorn cow, five years old
and giving lot» of ilk, froxhen fn May: Roan
cow. 6 years old, ¥rosh now : Holstein cow. 4
yours old, fresh vight now : Holstein cow, 4
Jon old, and dye Fobrnary 6th : two good
holfors, ona Roay und 1 Blick, coming 1 year,

THIRTEEN"H{EAD OF HOGS: Registorad
Berkshire sow. dyeto furrow April 1a ; eliht
Registered "Borkihire pigs : throo registerod

Duroc Jersey gilts, and onoregistoredsDuroo
Jersey boar ply: v

NTS: ~Good farm wagon and box;
rm buggy ; bulky pole : fours

section hay OV; whlking plow : sot of single
harness : 12 Wark collars : 1 work bench § three :
galvanized Jive trouglis : hog oflor.

HOUSEHOLD GOODS!-1 good oak bed-
Alead With matt ross and springs; good stove :
wnabing machiye, Anger and boiler ; churn :
pleceof linoleam 12x12 and other articles too
Numerous to Mention,

Salo to begiy at 12 o'clook noon. Sharp.
TERMS:~Al} sums at or under $10, cash: ©
over that nmouye 12 months’ credit on furnisl
ing approved joint notes, drawing eight per
oont interest from diite of palo i not paid

whon dug, five por : a
on sums ontitled ait uur Anim oY for cash {

CLARK & ATKIN, GEO. W. FREED.
Auctioncop;, Proprietor,

Auction
. ; LE, )
Farm: Stock, Implements, &ec.,

Thero will be sold hy public auction at Lot
9, Con. 1, River Front. Anderdon Township,
onomile abgye Amherstburg. on

‘Wednesday, January 17th, 1917,

Thy Following:
LIVE STOCK —| bloaky brown mare. 6 years
Ry
abou
Cy 8 Jeans old, duo frd of

SALE 8

