BY-LAW. No. 393.

A BY-LAW to equalize tio assessments, to levy the County Rate, to provide
for School Inspectors*salaries, Provincial War Tax, County Roads nssess-
Rept, and for moneys payable by the County under the Public Schools’

. hk
Passed June 22nd, 1917.
Whereas the Council of the Corporation of the County of Essex has

| examined the Assessment Rolls of the different Townships, Towns and Vil-

Clean to handle, "Sold by all Drug.
gists, Grocers and Genera Stor.

Bor Jn
00D MEN
ANTED™™N\

in this county to retall Rawlelgh pro-
ducts exclusively—3$100.00 a month
18 being made by juny men now
selling our goods, Applicants must
be live and industrious and have
means for starting expenses, horse,
wagon, etc., also furnish contract
signe: ho two responsible men—
Rawlelg) products are household
necessitios—we have eight factories
andl branches—address, giving age,
oceupation and references.

W.T.RAWLEIGH COMPANY, Limited
by TORONTO

 

PELEE ISLAND ROUTE '

STEAMER 4

“PRILEE™

SUMMER TIME TABLE, 1917

EASTERN STANDARD TIME:

MONDAY, TUESDAY and SATURDAY
Leaves West Dock 7.00 A.M.
Scudder .. ’ a
Arrives Leamington .
Kingsvilla ...
Leaves Kingsville ©...
Leamington
Arrives Scudder ...
West dock
WEDNESDAY
Leaves West Doc!
Scudder re
rives Amhers :
Artive Windsor (Hurley's Dock)
THURSDAY
Leaves Windsor (Hurley's Dock)
Amherstburg :
Arrives Wast Dock (Pelee). ...
Leaves West Dock for Scudder. al
Shore, 12.00 (noon).

3 FRIDAY
Leaves LRN
~Leamingto
on
West Dox
rrives Sandusky
Arrives Sandusky for. Beleo and Main

i M.
To Fine table subject to change with.

ous ndtiee,,
po This Company,

use passage to o
Tol Rot Teaponstblo for goods not prop-

. addressed and tagged.
3] adress all communications to Windsor
and Peleo Island Steamship'-Co., Limited,

.0., Ontari A
Scudaor P % JOHN HARRIS,

.'N. SHEATS,
J. N. § Master. Purser.

Notice to Creditors.

In the matter of the Estate of Margaret
Menzies, late of the Town of ‘Amherst~
‘ hurg, In the County of Essex, Widow,

7 mEmEr>s
= ExEzzzzz

2B:

1) LL EY
kz Ek

asp ecenacn

=>

reserves the right to
ectionable persons,

 

that pursuant to the Trus-
, 1914, Chapter 121, Sec-
Sons haying claims against
of tho sald Margaret Me ly
a oo or. about the elghteenth day
of February, 1915, are required ta send by
ost prepald or to deliver to Alexander RH.
artiot, Barrister at Law, of the City of
Windsdr, the Administrator of tho Estate
of the! sald deceased, at tho address 311
Davis Puflding, Windsor Ontario, on or be-
fore. the thirty-0rst day of August, 1017,
thelr names and addrpsses with full par-
ticulars. of their cl and 8 statement
of their accoungs and the nature of the
security (If ang) held by them. i
AND” TAKE NOTICE that after the sal
3aSt mentioned date the said Administrator
will proceed to distribute tho assets of the
said deceased among «Ale parties. entitled
thereto, baving regard only (o the tiaims
of which the Kaministrator shall then have
received, and the Administrator will not be
liable for the amounts or part thereor
-of any person or persons. of whose clan
notice Shall not. have been received as
ovo red.
a BARTLET, BARTLET & URQUHART,
311 Davis Building,
X ni 3 Wmdsor, Ontario.
Dated. at Windsor this 30th day of July,
1017. ’
———————

RL 8 8A Mn ed

Ameren Restaurant

a Murray Stroet
5 Amherstburg

© SPECIAL
pee BIN Ws

I to Parties Served on
Boat end fs oA Hr {
3 —— 5

lages of the County for the year 1916 for the purpose ot ascertaining, whether
the valuations made by the several Assessors beara just relation one to the
other, and Wiis; for the purpose of County rates, equalized and settled aggre-
Bate valuation of assessable property in sald Townships, Towns and Villages.

It Is therefore enacted by the Muncipal Council of the Corporation of the
County of Essex that the values set forth in the schedule hereto under. the
heading “Equalization 1917" shall be and the same are hereby fixed as the
equalized valuation of the different Townships, Towns and Villages in the
County of Essex for the year 1917.

And ft is further enacted by the Municipal Council that there shall be
raised, levied and collected a rate of two and one-half mills on the dollar
upon the whole rateable property In the County of Essex upon the equalized
fasessmont of 1916, for the purpose of raising the sum of $83,252.60, being
the amount estimated to cover general expenses for the current year, the
annual amounts required to be levied under By-law 109, passed tho 16th day
of March, 1896, for raising $16,000.00, and a by-law for raising $10,000.00
passed on the 9th day of June, 1897, and a further by-law passed on the
16th day of June, 1900, for raising $16,000.00, and a further by-law for rals-
Ing $10,000.00, passed on the 17th day of September, 1901, also a further by-
law for raising $12,000.00, pussed on the 20th day of July, 1904, and a by-law
to raise $16,000.00, passed on the 13th day of October, 1913, and a further by-
law to raise $35,000.00 passed on the 6th day of September, 1916, and a by-
law numbered 374, passed on the 28th day of July, 1916, adopting a system of
Good Roads.

, And it Is further enacted that the Sheriff-of the said County of Essex
shall be entitled to receive the following sums for the following purposes,
namely, for every list of jurors the sum of $1,00, for checking the same the
sum of 76 cents, and for ceriifying the return of the same to the Treasurer
of the County the sum of $1.00, tie sald sums to be paid by the Treasurer of
the County.

And It {8 further enacted, pmrsuant to the Public Schools’ Act, that there
shall be raised and levied and wollected upon the whole rateable property of
the County in addition to all otlher rates and assessments the sum of $1,666.48,
being the equivalent to that purt of the Legislative grant for tho year 1917,
apportioned by the Minister of Education on the basis of the equipment and
accommodation of the rural sichools of the County, such sums to be payable
to the Boards of Schools receiiving such Legislative grant in the same propor-
tion as tho grant {8 apportiomed.

And ft is further enacted, pursuant to the Public Schools’ Act, that there
shall be raised and levied andl collected upon the whole rateable property of
the several Municipalities of ithe County of Essex, with the exception of the
Town of Sandwich, in addition to all other rates and assessments the sum
of $1,600.00 for the payment aif Public School Inspectors, which said sum shall
be levied and borne by the Municipalities of the County of Essex other than
the Town of Sandwich in the sald proportion shown by the schedule hereto.

And {t is further enacted, pursuant to the Act entitled “An Act to Levy
a Provincial War Tax to supplement the revenues of the Crown,” that there
shall be raised, levied andl collected a rate of one mill upon the dollar updn
the whole rateable propemty of the County in addition to all other rates and
assessments upon the equalized assessment of 1915, for the purpose of rals-
ing the sum of $33,301.00 for payment of the sald Provincial War Tax, which
gaid sum when collected shall be paid over to the Treasurer of the Province
of’ Ontario.

And it is further emmcted that the several assessments above required
shill be apportioned amongst and be borne by the different Municipalities in
the proportion hereinafter mentioned, and that the several sums set opposite
the name of each muniwipality in the schedule hereto, which schedule shall
form part of this by-law; shall be levied cnd collected therein upon the whol
rateable property of eaath Municipality for the several rates for which they
are designated, and shaill be paid into the hands of the County Treasurer
within the time or times provided by law to be by him applied for the several
purposes mentioned in ‘this by-law.
(Signed) W. P, COYLE,

Clerk.

BY-LAW No. 394

A BY-LAW to confirm and legalize all grants of money by reports of Com-
mittee, or otherwise, of this Council for various purposes,

- Passed June 22nd, 1917

Be It enacted by the Municipal Council'of the Corporation of the County
of Essex as follows:——

1. That all payunents made or-ordered to be made by reports of Commit.
tees or otherwise by ‘this Council at the present Session be and the same
are hereby confirmed. 5 -

2, That the Warden and Treasurer of the County be and they are hereby
authorized and Instructed to pay all grants or orders made by the reports of
committees of the Councilor otiharwise by the Council for whitever purpose
such grants or orders may be madie to the person or persons, corporations or
institutions entitled to receive thin same.

3. That all grants or paymenits made to the Canadian Patriotic Fund
by this Council since. its session heild {n January, 1917, be and the same are
hereby confirmed, 1

(Sigtiedl) WP-COYLE,
Clerk.

(Signed) CHAS. B. WHALEN,

Warden.

-

“= —¢Sigmed) CHAS. B. WHALEN,
Warden,

BY-LAW No. 395.

A BY-LAW to authorize thé making and execution of the agreements with
the Municipalities concerned, to, carry out the provisions of By-Law No.
375. after the approval by the, ‘Pepartment of Highways, and an agree-
ment with the Michigan Centra] Rajlroad Company.’ '

Passed June 22nd, 1917.

Whereas By:.Law No. 375 Was; pagged on the 25th day of July, 1916, adding
to Schedule “A* of By-Law No. 874 the following roads and highways to wit:

(a) The road in Sandwich “West and Anderdon known.as the front road,
from Turkey Creek in Sandwigh West running southerly through Sandwich
West and Anderdon to the Tofgn of Amherstburg . .

(b) The road known ig the front road in the Township of: Sandwie|
East, starting at the Island View hotel in Sandwich East and running easterly
through the sald township its the Village ot St. Clair Beach, and declarad the
same to be County Roads 4s No. 14%and 15, on condition that the County was
not to expend any money. op their maintenance or reconstruction until the
Municipalities concerned §hoiild undertake to guarantee and furnish the
necessary funds, pres. :

And whereiy sald By-law No. 375 has been submitted to the Department
of Highways for approval.

And wheréae the municipalities interested in the sald roads are desirous
of having the sald bylaw put into effect.

And whereas It i3 deemed expedient to make provision therefor.

And whereas thi County of ‘Essex is. desirous of entering into an agree:
ment with the Michigan Central Railway Company in respect of the use of
the siding or spur of that Company leadingyto the Gravel Pit purchased by
the County in the ToSnship of Gosfield South and for the transportation of
sand and gravel over guch spur and for the extension thereof into the Innds
purchased.

* And Whereas it 1s deemed expedient to authorize the making and execu-
tion also of such agreement, ‘

Be it therefore enacted by the Council of the Corporation of the County of
Bssex that when and aa soon as By-law No. 376 Is approved of by the Depart-
ment of Highways, the Special County Roads Committee shall be and they
are hereby empowered to enter ‘into mn agreement or agreémonts with the
various Muniopalities mentioned In the said By-law concerned therein for
the purpose of carrying out the provisions of'said by-law and such agreement
or agreements when approved of by the said Committee, shall be executed
by the Warden and Clerk of the County under the seal of the Corporation.

And be it further enacted that the sald Committee shall have authority
to enter Info ay agreement with the Michigan Central Raflway Company for
tho use of Its spur or branch leading to the Gravel Bit purchased by the
County in the Township of Gosfield South and when such agreement has been

| approved of by the sald Committee, the Warden and Clerk of the County aré

hereby. authoF{zed to execute the same under the seal of the Corporation,
and when 80 @Xwcuted by the County and by the Company the sald Corporation
shall have power to take such steps as may be necessary, by application for:
special legislation, or otherwise, to make the said agreement effective aud

qperative. L 2
(Signed) W. P, COYLE, (Signed) CHAS. B. WHALEN,
: Clerk. : Warden. |

1 :

~

BY-LAW No. 390.

| A BY-LAW to fix tho amount to be paid
Walkerville to the County ot Essex for a period of fly

d, 1917

UNTY COUNCIL. |

by the Corporation of the Town of

THE OILED HIG & . :
pan hard sand is immediately ap-
d the travel will’ not disturb the
| ») the improvement is more per-
thle we must coms to something of
it ind @8 a matter of self-defense,
cond BAT. of wisdom to think of the

Under tha above caption\n
Freo Press, Tuesday, pu\
following editorial, which \'c
applicable to the local situ
Is to Michigan:

“Entering upon the usuall
douth, dust and discomfort Ir
midsummer, the public is

hat the automoblle is a grea
disturber than the horse-drawn
ever was or could be. On th
landscape the hoghway 18 markd a
streak of dust which never gq,
chance to settle and which make,
ing a penance rather than a pled }
When the auto truck comes into
mon use on country roads, as it
tainly will eventually, this circulat
system will be unbearable uniess
ronds are oiled. ‘We hardly real
how much the oiled roads In our par!
contribute to the comfort of both ri
ers and pedestrians:

“Last summer at a pleasure reso

cottagers and hotel proprietors clubbed
t r, bought ofl and applied it to
an“ordinary dirt highway. Not under
gtanding. the preliminaries, the en-
deavor was a failure. It Is useless to
oil an earth road unless it is properly
drained and graded and has a smooth
surface free from dust when the oll
Is put on. If dust Is present the oll
forms a sort of mat, which breaks up
into flakes or scales under travel. If
the road bed Is uneven, the oll collects
in puddles, which under heavy rains
and travel become mudholes. If the
road Is properly prepared the oil per-
colates the soll, binding the particles
together into a tougher surface than
before. . Then if a light sprinkling of

needed while roads are be-
be tr Old Roman ronds can still
thorou, Abrond, because of their
our mew@nstruction; unfortunately
or less 8 are either lesa intelligent
credit tolete and our highways no

Mrs. = ee
- | years, at Wed Merry, aged 21
ally shot Hn, Que. was accident-
act of takP breast while in the
two brotherk revolver from her
who were pled 13 and 18 years,
at the time. “With it in her home
During 8 8é
onday mornin electrical storm
pdidence’ of Roltning struck the
am township, a¥arnock, in Chag-
blanket that corned a hole in
did not Injura child in bed
at. Mr. Warnd child in the
o shock (n the feRtained a se-
hair. The housele rocking in
Qaged but fire didonsiderably
that accompanié@sult. The
t the country. 4torm will

Inke For Over3\

Alwilhears
Signal of

YOUN
case, ¢

way.

Yo

|

BY-LAW NJ .---

of den in the Coury:

A By-Law to provide for drainage work in the Tow
Yeesex, ond for borrewing on the credit of thdgyuniol ty the sum of
Thousand Three Hundred and Sixty-three Dollars » completing the same.

Provisionally adopted the 6th day of August, A. Digy7.

Whereas the Municipal Council of the Township §xalden has been garved ui
notice by Earl T. Beetham, owner of w pt. of 6 pt. of IN 42.(n the said Township ths
the ditch or drain on the Collis Sideroad 18 out of rejp and causing
lands and rquinng tho Socuell to Fepaiy and improve Ye sald drain or
the provisions of the Municipal Drainage Act.

tH whereas, thereupon the sald Council has procury gn examination to be made
by Alexender Baird, G.E., bolg a person competent for Sn purpose, of the sald area
Hrop d 10 bo drained, and the me suggested for tho mage thereof, and of other
ands and roads liable to assessment under<The Municipafrainage Act, and has also
procured plans, specifications and estimates of the drainaQl work to bo made by tho
ald Alexander Baird, » And an ass 1ent 10 be made bhi of the lands and roads
10 be benefitted by such driinago worl nd of othe lands af roads Hable for contrilin-
tion thereto, stating as nearly as ho can the proportion of §anefit, outlet liability and
injuring lability which, In his opinion, will be derived or Reurred in consequence or
such drainage work by every road or lot, or portion of I® the sald assessment so
maile being tho axsesstoent Lieleiralter by this by: enacteqio bo assessed and levied
upon tho roads and lovs, or parts of lots, hereinafter in thatfienalr spociary set fortn
und described; and the report of the sald Alexander boird, ¢ ih respect thereof, ani
0? the Adid drainage work being as follows :

23rd July, 1917.

Leamintida,

To tho Reeve and Councillors of the, Township of Malden: —
Gentlemen,—In compliance with Instructions from your hénorable body, 1 have
made. a survey of the Collison Side Road Drain (n your Township ind beg to submit

n connection therewith the: following report: 4
: The drain commences on the north side.of the travelled portion of the highway,
known as the Collison Sideroad, at a point 0 feet west of ths Maldea and South Col-
chester Townline, and from thence runs west in the line of the existing road ditch
along the north side of the said sideroad 4,500 feet, thence south Bcross this highway

a southwesterly in the general trend of water flow through a small depression in the
land in the westerly partion of Lot 50 and the southeast portion of Lot §8 to 8 point
in a branch of BIg Creek where the lake water in ched, at a distance of 900 feet
southeasterly from where the drain will cross the Front or River road.

I find that the construction of a sufcient drain in the course surveyed and above
described 18 much required to give proper and efclont drainage for the lands and roads
dependent upon the sume for drainage, and [ would re mend that the drain be con-
structed in compliance with the details set out by the plan, profile and specifications

ccomfpanying this report.

a Labs D Feat the Jocations and course of the drain and lands and roads that it
will aifeet. The profile gives the dime ns, grades and other data, which I recoin-
wend that the work be carried out in ¢ Mian with, and the speeilgations attached
hervio gives the manner In which the work is be performed and the disposal of the
cartiy excavated, 2

, The fonstry on of this drain will rem nacersary the building of threo high-
way Drug n the same, one on each of the highways crossed by the drain There
bricges 1 mend be Dullt of reinforood cew.nt concrete with steal Noor beams, of
the form, sizes anid dimensions thoughout shown w' ‘he plan of highway bridge and
the specifications in reference thereto submitted horewin. -
\ For damages 10 Janda and crops (If any) by disposal vi.the eXcavated earth, for a
farm bridge whore one notv exists in the course of the drain. {har will require to ba
removed and ror farm access bridges, where Such now exist Nong the drain course,
and which the construetion of the drain will. necessitate the renewal or enlargement of,
1 have provided fn the estimate of the east of the work, as required gy. the Munfeipal

y r > 3 0 po VIS Amounts;
Drainage Act, for the payment 10 owners of land entitled thereto the followiiny Anour

for “¥Arm
access
bridges,

Allowance
for farm
bridges.
]

Allowance
for
damages.
13 00
10 00
20 00

700

Te
Nome>'or owner
ar
assessed owner,
. Levl Jarriott,- Sr
John Dawler ...
Ept Wpts Mrs. §. Dowler
7 5 Mra. EBratt,.......
Earl T° sptham, . . .
. eral Mary Brush;
, Gorald on Clarendon Srusn

Amounting In all t 8 55 00 )
My essimate of the t of the work In detall {8 as follo
Excavation from/stake 0 30 stake 38 a-distanco of 3,800 feet
Excavation from’ stake 38 to stake 76 a distance of 3,800 feet
Excavation from stake 76 to stake 02 a distance of 1,000 feet.
Amounting to for excavation
4 coment concrete highway bridges..........
Allowance for farm access bridges... .e
Allowance for farm bridge ;
Allowance for damages to Jands a
Survey, plans, report, assessment:
Assistance In survey ahd expens
Publishing’ and registering by-law
Court of revisionj...... sera
Clerk's fees
Letting and

Lot or
part of |
SpE 3

tb 1]
Spt Wt .

Cro ad Nd

©
S| Swamp
w

Making a total of. . \.

This sum I assess against the Iands and roads that should contribute tow
carrying out of the work as ‘shown and set out fn the schédule of assessment attached.
iereto. :

OF the cost of the Wenwey bridges required on the drain I have In my assessment
charged 50 per cént. against the municipality of Malden In general and 20 per cent.
against the lands and roads within the drainage area.

I beg further to submit to your honorable Body that. this drainage work be kept
up and maintained dn repalt’ at tho joint eéxpenso of the lands, roads and municipality
assessed for eArrying out the same, In the relative proportion assessed in the schedule
Of assessment herelo annexed, until otherwise determined and reported upon.

I have the honor to be, Gentlemen,

Your obedient servant,
1 ALEX. BAIRD,

’ GC. E. & ON: S.
ba Ana Nihereas the sald Council are of opinion that the drainage of the area described
8 desirable,

Therefore the said Municip Counell of the suid Township of Malden, pursuant to
tho provisions of the Munigl Drainage Act, enacts as follows:

** {8t. The said report, plans, specifications,
adopted, age the drainage Work as therein
constructed fm accordance therewith.

rds. the

assessments and oslimates aro hereby
indicated” and. set Toren shall be made ana

2nd. The Reovo of the said Township of Malden’ may borraw on the credit of the
Corporation of the sald Township of ‘Malden the sum of Two Thousand Three Humdred
and Sixty-threée Dollars, being ‘the funds necessary for the Work not provided for, and
and may Issue Debentures of the Corporation to that amount In sums of not less than
Fifty Dollars each, and payable within seven years from tho date of the said Debentures,
with nteress at the rate of x POF centum per annum, that 1s 10 say In seven equal an-
nual (nstalments of principal and interest, such Debentures to be payable at the Treas-
urer's oMce and fo have attached so them Coupons for tho payment of interest. ~ (

~3nl. Fo Paving the sim of 81,190.00, the amount char; against tho sald lands
andiradas {for benefit, and tie sum of the amount charged akainst sald lands
and. roads for outlet Tability, and the ...«.o tho Emount charged against said
lands and roads for injuring Jabllisy, apart from lands and roads belonging to or con-
trolled by the Municipality, ahd for covering: (nterest thereon [or 7 yoars at the rate
of 6 per cenf:-per annum, 106 follo total lal rates, over and above all other
rates,’ shall Tio assessed, Isvied and collected (In the same manner and st the same
time ‘as other taxes are levied and collécted) upon and from the undermentionnd lots
and parts of lots and roads, and the amount of the said total special rates and interess.
against each lot or part of Tor respectively shall bé divided Into soven.equal parts, and
one Such part shall be. assessed, lovied and collected as aforesaid, in each pan, for
joven, J after the, Anal passing of this by-law, during” which the sald Debentures

peciall

of Improve~
mont.
Total 8

Rate.
Annual

Total Value

Valao of
Outlet

i

|

s32dagsescs

2
-

2

Ze

-
=
=
2

SE!

E52
EPPEEPPE

a
=~

= TS

izes

=BE wm
EEREZE

a srooa iE Mane

EE=s=2sE
BEEBE 2
Ee ER TT

B
2ss83sssEcRnSE

hess pansen

BESSSEERER
2s3s3sszssse =

aennones
Sarsramseson

335

ass
5

Bi ees

of energy through your very soul and {inspire you to do you

ally fall upon the shoulders of

the Cadman College is the strongest, th
unit, College Is Bost, the safest and the best, In. fact the

of teachers." ~
59 YOU must
Big Salaries.
BEVERY, QUALIFIED S
. Wo have the most effici
9 coming year,
t only about three days,
ons which students from:
damage to mS TO ATTEND THE BEST.

ditch unde Detroit Rallway Office Manager phoned for two Indies,

Pars and Uncolorsd®

for tho sake
for, the of sconomical

have a spicy zest which makes
them a favorite preserving
fruit, and several exceljent va-
rietics are plentiful this year. 149

Write fos —

Cook orb be pdy-ie1 Ball

Atlantic Sugar Refineries
Limited, Montresl

: Windy Lonseness Cotlege

G FRIEND: —

Read this letter, carefully, and you will feel

h
losely, at this critical time In the Nation's i ot 1% touches yous

It will send a thrill
r bit, in a practical

THE BUSINESS WORLD NEEDS Y
Arg Wing OPEN TO YOU “wir oon SERVICES AND ITS DOORS

EIZE THE OPPORTUNITY AND

great tasks, as much of the burden will natur-

young women and rejected young men, and
only
staff

know of many who have attended our school and are now on

TUDENT OF LAST YBAR IS EMPLOYED.

ent class of all years, and expect a splendi
(Will you be one of us?) and that without Tela cise

in all, outside the office. Have filled
others schools tried, but failed to hold, TT

and said to

u MUST fit yourself for

8 gection with the proper equipment, and a full

vo, Sot our best Hip from the Cadman College.” -
ity business man phoned for help and safd: © ¢
any weeks and none of them SH good.” ia Have had halt a. forse
called recently to talk over a courae for h
Judy tried another” school,
1 With both the methods and
€; she sald several friends

erself and two friends—
but left at the ¢nd of the firstimonth
the moral influences, and her comments
who tried the same course were much

LE!

 prnans AND INFLUENCES OF OUR. SCHOOL ARE EXCEL-
lady A
technPan called to see about a course for his slater. He told
pot hol® attended elsewhere, but was much ¢ Pred Ta ra,
week atoral influences—she tried a position for two days, but could
same off® Put one of our young ladles in the gars piace at $16.00 per

MisgFk was so satisfactory that her sister went to work in the

years—sIfi® salary,
carefully 18 been in charge of our Shorthand Derartment for SEVEN
Your Interests would be

_ The seer business and is well liked.
walls and chan wo will have other helpers,
beside we hi8 Present a most cheerful and in-'ting appearance—

‘Wao prop tinted afresh and the floors and fu -aiture 3 ops
right in the Partitions, 3 ;
re-opens Tues@lld satisfaction. Students eat ti sir noon

Call, phondI8 open from § a.m. to §
: nber 4th,

AN & SON |

Next W., E. & L. 8 Phone 928

Box 187
WINDSOR, ONT.

lunches
p.m. every day. College

Take our advice in this’ ma

50 to 100 Per Cent. increase in save from

We have a magnificent stock

and qualities. es, kinds

. Express prepaid to any'place.in Ek

/ The Home of Furniture and Rugs
Sandwich Street E.

nty.

 

Rogers \

In Any Quantity.

¥

> Everything from Cement in all size orders to Tile,
Brick and Building Block. Ee MO
_ Consult your Service Interesis and Pocketboo
‘calling us up when you require anything in above lines.

 
