  

    
 

18
I= v
4

The Kind You Have Always Bought, and which has been

1

Z in use for over over 30 years, has borne ‘the signature of
and has been made underhis per-

A Saal supervision i its infancy.

o 4 ow no one to deceive you in

. All Counterfeits, Imitations and * Jota » 55 Lh

TR

Experiments that trifle with and endanger the health of

| What is CASTOHIA

Castoria iB a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Par

Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is pleasant.” It contains

neither Opium, Morphine nor other narcotic substance, Its

age is its guarantee. For more than thirty years it has
\ been in constant use for the relief of Constipation, Flatulency,
| Wind Colic and Diarrhoea; allaying Feverishness arising

therefrom, and by regulating the Stomach and Bowels; aids

the assimilation of Food; giving healthy and natural sleep.
1 The Children’s Panacea—The Mother's Friend.

GENUINE CASTORIA Aways

Bears the Signature of

ea

 
 

  
 

In Use For Over 30 Years

The Kind You Have Always Bought

{ : THE CENTAUN COMPANY. NEWYORK CITY,

 

 

CANADIAN NEWS.

i WHY OKTHEAL VARIES . | |

‘Only One-Third of the Oats Are Fit | to rebuild any wooden bridges till af-
ter the war.

Dr, A. B. Thompson, Stoney Creek,

 

 

 

To make a really delicious oatmeal, one

must use just the plump, rich grains, Com-
J mon ocatmeal, made of oats as they run, | W053 nominated as candidate for the

lacks flavor and richness. And 1t lacks, | Ontario Legislature by South. Went

above all, that wealth of energy clement | Worth Liberals,

which makes one “feel his oats. An acetylene tank exploding In the
v Thousands of people ent oatmeal without | store of H, H. Wheeler, at Holland,

ever knowing what a vim-producing food y
itis. They never kde bow enticing it can ein of his two
: thout 3 g
be, They buy caisinhylk without even a A fire on the Sarnia river front

brand on them to guarantee the grade they

t.
ES Fhe choicest oats are sifted 62 times in
tting the graing used for Quaker Oats.

Cnty fen gasoline boat.

Quaker. : Two. Austriaps, Leo Mintics and

The Quaker process makes these grains | Baby * Kpsonami* employed in Merrit-
into ap oat food worth having. One who | ton, were drowned in Welland Canal
once eats it will never agmin care fora com: | at St. Catharines when they plunged

mon oatmeal. : into it In their motor car while the
YOats are the vim-producing food. But | C0 nara was open.

thoy who get the utmost effects ago the . Coincident with the . decision to

if ker Oats.
re Cra oR a |lower the standard of height for re-
= ‘| cruits for horse-and field artillery
S.

FISH N E to 5 feet 3 inches comes the . an-
! Ng | "

nouncement that all; recruiting fon

wiped out six large ice houses own:
ed by Wo A. Brown, also the Cleve-

unds io a bushel —the choicest
e finest oats—is good enough for;

 

 
  

    
   
   
  

 

the artillery Is to be discontinued.

Raymond Bachman, 24, of Era,
Pa, was killed, another may die and
four were severely injured and ‘many
bruised, as a result of a motorcycle
touring party. colliding with an auto-
mobile at Deadman’s Corner at Nim-
gara Falls:

Sir John Willison, who Has been,

editor-in-chief of the Toronto News
for. fifteen years, has retired from his
connection withy'thet paper: for the
ostensible purpose of devoting more
time to his correspondence for the
London Times.
“ If the weather {8s favorable, On-
toria’s potato crop this year will be
larger than in an average year and
considerably uarger than that of last
a year, according to a statement au-
thorized by Sir William Hearst, Pre-
mier and Minister of Agriculture.

While riding on the head end of an
M.CR. train near Canfield, Monday,
Brakeman Joseph Grainger saw the
body of a young bear dying, Rlongside

thé tracks. The anim een cut
: IE MR of satis | completely in two by an earlier tralp,
fled patients 0 living testimonisis| It is thought that the bear escaped
Exclusive Optical Parlors, Main BY. Kingsvill
Issuer of ge Licenses.
C. P. R. Tioket Agent.

   
  

00S
ted

408° HALLAM BLDG. TORONTO.
Bp i Ah -

  
  
 

  

L.. BERTRAND
FUNERAL DIRECTOR
PRACTICAL Embatmer. Murray St.

3 ight.
Amborstburg. Day or of ght. >

    

             
 
 
 

  
         

CHAS. LEGGETT

 

o| from the park at Port Rowan.

Hon, C. J. Doherty has given notice
of a bill to amend the act passed last
year in aid of provincial prohibition
legiglation by. restoring the clauses of
the act cut out by the Senate last

   

  

 

viding. for summary seizure of liquor
in the possestion of any one charged
with infringement of. the provincial
law.

Douglag® (Happy) Milliken, aged 12,
died in St. Joseph's hospital; London,
as the result of an automobile acc

  
   
    
  
    
 
   
 
 
 
    

iret TREE dent attended by unusual ciroum-
DR. W. H. McBRIDE, | stances. While riding his. bicycle
i along a driveway of the Kingsmill

Veterinary Surgeon.

farm toward the public road, as the
og aud residence  Dalhourie atrect south

hissy ; id boy saw a motor car approaching, in
le Halls aaawored oop Palgbe. oo to walt until it passed, ho seized,

ht.
pone shi oii La an overhanging branch, A. M. Smort,
aEEEE——— | driving the outo, had no warning of

 

 

 
   
  

1like enormous

land Mills stables, an ice scow and a ||

 

   
  
   
 
    
  
 
  
 

| four hours o_day, and will be paid $36

year, with an additional clause pro-|'

 

‘NEEDS OF ROS,

BR

Red Cross headquarters are calling
all women to respond to an ap-
peal to) the supplies which allgviate
the suferings of the men who “have
risked if. and health for us: The fol-
lowing swplies are required. In un-

 

     
 

nel ghir® with collars; pyjamas;
dressing 8owns; housewives, towels;
pillow-slps, sheetd; gauze and cotton
in bulk; bed-socks (either knitted or
high overwhoes of
flannel ¢ any warm, washable mater-
fal. In smaller quantities:—Pneu-
monfa jackets (cheese cloth, wadded
with absorbent cotton), khaki slings
(triangutar bandages, 44 Inch), flan-
nel binders and bandages (4 Inches
wide and 6 yards long); stump stock-
ings. Patterns may be obtained at the
Head Office. A large increase in the
demand for supplies {8 to be expected,
nbt only for overseas work, but for
Military Hospitals in Canada.

EIGHT MEN KILLED
WHEN SHIP WAS SUNK

 

 

British Steamer Southland Torpedoed
without Warning by U-Boat.
Londoil, June Sth.—The British
steamer Southland, from Liverpool for
Philadelphia, in ballast, was torpedoed
without warning on June 4th. She had

h8ix Americans on board, one of whom

is missing The gun crew on the
Sonthland fired ten.shots at the sub-
marine affer the first torpedo was
fired. A #€cond torpedo was fired by
the submarine and it caused an ex-
plosion In the magazine which killed
eight men.

Two bowts containing 40 men are
sti)] missing. The rest of the.crew
of 159 have been landed.

BE a
WINDSOR.

Funersl services for Joseph = C.
Teno, Windsor politician, ‘who died in
Hotel Dien, Windsor, Monday morn:
ing, were held Wednesday morning of
last week in St. Alphonsus’ church,
Windsoyw. Members of the Knights of
Columbus were pallbearers,

Six-yedir-old * Alvin Schuchard, son
of George Schuchard, 185 Sandwich
street wiest, an engineer on one ofthe
river ferries, was drowned at 9.30
o'clock Siatu¥day Saturday night, when
he fell tiirough a hole fn the Michigan
Centrall slip dock. He was fishing
from the dock with his brother Albert,
8 years old. The body wag recovered
an hour later.

Mrs. Ernest Lane, 116 Dougall ave-
nue, Windsor, received word Friday
afternoon that her brother, Sergt.
Hentbert Heathers, had been killed in
actilon at, the front, Shortly before
reeuelving the telegram a letter came
firom him saying he was well. He was
jin the employ of the Burroughs Add-
ing Machine Ou,, Detroit, when he en-
listed in the 99th Battalion, Windsor,
for overseas service.

Thomas  Glassco, brother of Ed-
ward Glnssco, proprietor of the
Windsor Athletic Club, Pitt street
I 'east, which was raided by palice
early Sunday morning and" 23, gam-
blers arrested, wns fined. $100 and
costs, Wednesday morning by Magis-
trate Leggatt in Windsor police court.
Glassco was found’ guilty of operating
a gaming place. The 23 men found
in the place were each fined $6 and
costs Monday.

Use of partable school buildings to
chro for the overflow of Public school
|| pupils that {is certain when the fall

term begins is contemplated by the
Public School Board of Windsor. It

 

 

 

was’ planed to use the old city light-
| mg plant on Pelissler street for tem-

porary closspoom, but it was found
|| that this: building without
wholly remodelled, connot be, used,
and the plan has been abandoned for
the present. After Inspector "Robert
Meade dubmits a repdrt showing the
estimated increase in puplld after the
sSumimer vocation, the board will .de-
cide on some plan to provide addition-
al Recommodation. ; 3

Cojmplaining because not a. single
returned soldier was employed as
temjporory immigration officer to deal
with race track patrons at the Wind-
flor ferry. docks last week, Windsor
members of the Great War Veterans’
association will forward protests to
Ottawa. It is alleged that Travelling
| Inspector Reynolds and other offi
als who had charge of employing
% temporary staff, ignored the claims
of returned men and appointed politi;
cal friends of the governmental party.
| Bight extra officers nre working about

 

 

for the seven days, according to an
officer of the Windsor brauch of the
Boldiers’ society.

Friction between citizens of Wind-
90) and the Ganadian immigration of-
fichalg recently sent to Windsor from
Ottwa to enforce: the order in council
Drojjbiting men of military age from
leaving Canada, reached an acute)
Stage Thursday afternoon when mem:
berg of border Chamber of Commerce
ADPointed a committee consisting of
yor Tuson, O. BE. Fleming, K. C.,, A.
¥. Healey, barrister, and A. CO. Smith,
merchént, to draft messages of pro-
test 'to ‘be sent to the Government.
“These men know nothing of cond}:
Hons on this border,” declared one of
tho speakers, “and it seems. that the

  

 
 
  
    
  
    
    
    
  
   
 
  
   
    
   
     
     

being

 
   
 
 
  
  

 

   
   
   
    

W aw) [ “R

— Ms, ‘Birdsell
band in town. hay

 
   
 
  
 
 
   
 
   

   

Windsor, are visiting his parents, this
week, .

—NMiss Daisy Kelly, of Windsor,
spent this week with Mrs. Allen, Erfe

Nmited guintitiea:—Socks, unfon flan. "Beach, Malden.

—Fred. Nugent, motor expert for
Dodge Bros. Detroft, 18 nursing. a
badly lacerated thumb and resting up
in town for a few weeks.

—The tug Marion BE. Trotter and
Dunbar's derrick Handy Andy went
to the St. Clair flats on Sunday and
rajsed the U. 8. Government patrol
boat that was sunk there.

—A dividend of $191.20 will be paid
to each $100 stockholder of the
Windsor Masonic | Temple Associa-
tion, after Jund 26th. The associn-
tion purchased propepty at Ouellette
avenue and London street for $25,000
and turned It over to a syndicate at a
profit of $52,000, |

—River resort were the Mecca for
thousands of Detroiters Sunday de-
spite the coolness of the weather.
Steamship lines inaugurated their reg-
ular summer schedule, and boats will
be In operation to all the resorts until
Labor Day. Many out-of-town sight-
seers spent the day in town.

—The Michigan state board of edu-
cation, after advertising for coal for
the four state Norman schools, hus
been compelled to buy in the open
market, as no bids were received. In
previous years the board secured bids
below market prices owing to the
large quantity needed. This yecr fol-
lowing advertisements with no results,
the board wrote letters to every large
coal dealer and ‘to mjnes and in most
cases did not even receive a reply.
As a result the coal bill for the Nor-
mal schools this year will be several
thousand dollars greater than in for-
mer years.

~—Three more new professors of a
rank equal to’ those of any Canadian
university have just been appointed
by the Western University, London.
This with the other notable advance-
ments made at the Western in recent
years will guarantee that students
can now secure as good courses in
Arts and Medicine at the Western. as
are given anywhere in the Dominion.
Professor Wiliam Sherwood Fox, Ph.
D., of John Hopkins University, a
Canadian, is the, new Profegsor of
Classics; Professor Arthur A. Living-
ston, Ph. D., now Professor of Ro-
mance Languages at Columbia Uni:
versity, New York, will teach Spanish,
French and Italiap. The third of the
appointments just made is that of
Professor Walter B. Ford, Ph: D., as
Professor of Mathematics.

—The Sarnia Observer says with-
out comment:—*“A young Sarnia mtn

applied at the immigration office the
to enatle

other day for sa. passport
him to visit his sweetheart over in

Port Hurqn.. He was told to have

the object of his affections visit him
on this side of the water.”

“ufections,

sulted in his recall.

got him in, dutch’at’ Windsor.

CO-OPERATION TO DEAL
kf WIT
BE.

With U, S. Official.

ary to tackling the fuel situation in
Canada, C. A. Magrath,
pointed fuel controller, has spent the
past few days in” Weshington con-
sulting with the United States fuel
controller,

On his return Mr. Magrath, sald
the American ‘authorities are dis-
posed tor co-operate. with Canada fn
solving the common problem of
‘fuel schircity. f

No embargo on doal
Canada is contemplated, but joint
action will be taken to co-ordinate
the needs and the supplies of both

export to

countries,
Mr. Mograth desires that every
Canadian consumer © of bituminous

conl immed|ately write him = at Ot-
tawa, stating the ‘quantity: of coal
he has beep consuming, the quantity
he "will require during this summer
and the coming winter. +

AMERICAN NEWS.

The report that Kansas, wheat crop
would de 70 million bushels sent wheat
down 6 or 7 cents on, Chicagb mar-
ket. The estimate for Kansis was
only 46,000,000 bushels.
ports also brought down
onts.

Guilty. of violating the: Canadian
immigration laws by smuggling two
alien enemies into the Dominion, Har-
old Dressen, thirty years of age, a
taxi driver of Detroit, was fined $100
and, cosps by Magistrate Miers, in
Walkerville police courts For enter-
ing the Dominion without registering,
the Austrians were ench fined $50 and

corn and

 

 
 

'KINGSVILLE WATER SUPP

—Stanley Laferte, wife and babe, of

   
   
     
   
    
  
 

Now there
fs absolutely no good reason why that-
young man, or any other young man
should be refused a passport to go
over the river to see the object of his
It sounds very much like
the attitude adopted by the apecinl
officer sent from Ottawa. who made
himself, so offensive in Windsor that
a protest lodged. by Mayor Tuson re-
It has since de-
veloped that he was. a “half baked”
employee of the Immigration Depart-
ment, subject to! fits of mental aber-
ration, and a whole:series of attacks

FUEL PROBLEM
Canadian’ Controller ‘in Consultation
Ottawa, June 18th,—As a prelimin:

newly ap-

Liberal press joined in its disapproba: | Sesbeisbsbeoirdoobded bode dobbs hod bbb

   
  
       
    
     
     
    
   
       
      
        
    
   
     
   
      

time titles. “N6 matter what may be
said about
“there is surely no defence, for this
new practice of distributing hereditary

  

ferred,” says the Star, “in defiance of
public opinion that is, we ventvre to

say, practicallyh universal throughout
Canada.” £

     
  
   
   
     
   
    
   
   
   
   
    
   

   
   
   
  
    

The good re-|.

    

  
      
    

ducing things we need, and in the fall
he'll thresh his hay and sell his nutmeg
seed. The farmer's hogs are fine as
sllk, and they're acquiring lard; his
cows are all producing milk and but-
tor by the yard.

are loying shells, with golden yelks
inside, the farmer's steers are wear- |

   
   
      
 

   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 

 
  

 

     

© (From the Reporter.)

“The Government recently made a
proposition to the town to have fit
supply the fish hatchery with water
either pumping direct from the town
mains or by laying a pipe from the
hatchery to the settling bnsin, With
a view to finding out whether. our
plant was of sufficient capacity to
warrant entering into a contract the
water board last week made a test
at the pumping station with the fol-
lowing results: The valye in the in-
take flowing into the tank was closed
and the pump started running for
three hours. The tank was lowered
six feet elght and a half inches. The
pump was stopped and valve in intake
opened and it took just three hours
for the water to come back to normal
level in the tank. The pump was run-
ning at the rate of thirty strokes per
minute, which is not full capacity by
any means. This showed very clearly
that supplying the fish hatchery with
between, 200 and 350 gallons per min-
ute for twenty-four hours would be
entirely out of the question with the
present intake and the proposition of
the Government was not entertnined

   
     
  
 

  
  
 
  
 
 

  
 

     

  

 
    
   
   

  
  
  

 
    
 
 
     
 

 
   

 
    
 

/
Sarments

 

will be soft, spotless and snowy white if you

use ou can make the foamiest
by the water board. It looks like a ‘ + ol
wise decision under the circumstances, creamiest lather, m hot water, with 8 few of
A contract entered into with the Gov- these dainty silken little flakes, that cleanses

ernment for supplying so much water
might put the town to thousands of
dollars expense to carry out, Further,
our pump {8 not yet satisfactory for
town service. It has a capacity of
850 gallons per minute and running
at normal speed now only gives 150
gallons, The fuel bill for pumping
last month ‘vas $109; ten dollars more
than the corresponding month last
year. May was a wet month; there
was no street sprinkling - and the
pump is in as good condition¥ns it is
possible to put it and still we are not
getting the service we should have.
Strathroy, with a population of 3,000,
pumps its gvater for domestic use at
a cost of $500 per annum for current
in an electric pump, using perhaps

perfectly without rubbing. Hence unshrun
unthickened little ents that are a delight

to feel. Try LUX—your bab ill b
to appreciate the difference, A he mye

ken,

®v6sce0esteevesss tcc ensne en

   
  
  
 
  

_®sesscscesirevaangel

    
 
      
      
      
 
    
     

double the quantity of water that fs . L"/ i d
supplied to Kingsville. In view of . ONT SIRI WOOLLENS >
past experience with our pumping $: British mqde, by : : he > be
plant, it begins to look as though we 3 Lever Brothers Limited, Sold by all goed grocers 4
will'not have an efficient service until * Toronto . —take wo substitute. of ws
n new pump is installed.” ‘ Se or! ? Jee

Strathroy 18 not a fair comparison. ty eo ®

®0000 0

The water from the waterworks there ET ho hdig

is not used for domestic purposes,
The G. T. Rs {8 the big user, in addf-
tions to street sprinkling, lawns and
fire purposes. The town {8s now put-
ting down drive wells’ for a domestic
supply. They use Hydro for power,

     
    
    
  
  
     
    
    
     
    
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
     

     

Do You Wear Overalls?

)
If so, try a pair of Kitchen's or the Bob Long which we
handle, - Guaranteed to stand the wear and tear.

 

   
    
   
 
    
  

TITLES IN DISFAVOR.

 

    
   
   
    
 

If a man wishes to bring down upon
himself the disapproval of the press
and ‘the people of Canada, pone effects
ive way in which he can do it is to ae-
cept an hereditary title. It was only
a few months ago that a flood of pro-
test and unfavorable comment came
at the bestowal on a Canadian of such
a title,

“In the free democaracy of Canada,”
Mr. Rowell said at that time, “we
are not improving conditions by im-
porting hereditary titles passing from
father to son. If this is the first, 1
hope it may also be the last.” This
statement and the sentiments express-
ed im {t, were echoed and re-echoed
throughout Canada. The Ottawa Jour- |,
nal Press (Conservative) sald, “The
public attitude in Canada is well ex-
pressed jn the comment of Mr. Row-
ell” and the Christian Guardian said
that they would like to second with all
the emphasis they might, the remarks
made by Mr. Rowell regarding the
granting of Canadian hereditary titles.

‘Now there is another ‘flood of pro-
test because another hereditary title
has been granted. “A lot of Cheap
John titles in the'paper this morning.
They are getting as common as dande-
lions,” was the comment of the To-
ronto ‘Telegram. “The hereditary
title should be kept ont of Canada.
This ‘country does not want a little
aristocracy of its own,” was the com-
ment ‘of the Mail & Empire, and the

In connection with these we can supply you with a splendid
Men's Working Shoe—just fits the Overalls,

Canvas Shoes || D. & A. Cor

For Men, Women and
Children.

Keep cool THIS hot
weather.

Summer Underwear ||

in many styles

 

 

    
  
   
 

      
       
  
    
     
      
   
 
   
   
   
    
 
  
    
    
    
  
   
 
 
    
    
   

als

.LADIES-You know there
is none better. -

“ All sizes and styles.

    
  
     
    
    

    
  
 
 
 
   

 

 

 

Great-Line of

TIWELLIG

JOHN GRANT,

Phone 180, [Amherstburg, Ont.

    
   
  
    
   
  
   
  

 

 

 
   
    
   
  
 
  

 

  

 

    

  

 
  

 

         
  

tion. The Toronto, Star points out
that at the recent conferenec i’ Wash:
ington, France was representéd by M.
Vivian{, Great Britain by Mr. Balfour,
The United States by Mr. Wilton and |.
Mr. Lansing, and . Canada by SIR
Thomas White and’ SIR George Fos-
ter. In this case these are only life-

  
   
 

HOUSE BUILDERS ATTENTION]

‘ Weare carrying in stock fcr in mecizate delivery the
. following :
End matched Hard Maplo flooring 7-8

thick.

End matched Hard. Maple flooring 8 -
thick, ——

End matched Oak flooring 7:8 thick.
Erdl'matched Oak flooring, 3-8 thick.
Panel Oak Veneer Door

2 Panel Birch Venoer Doors,

1000 Pipo Doors. different designs

© Kontucky Oak for interior finish...
Southern Pine for interior finish.
Spruce and Southern Pine flooring.

 

    
 

v

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

them” the Star thinks

     
    
  

 

titles in Canada.” “They are con- pd

   

    
 
   

  
   

ON THE FARM.

 

—By Walt Mason—

The farmer gladly tolls all day, pro- From one million to two

million feet White Pine and
P Hemlock always in stock.

CONKLIN PLANING MILLS - Kngsvll, if

' DEALERS WN LUMBER, LATH, LIME, SHINGLES, & OEDAR POSTS

3

The farmer's hens

Ei 8 ah Hh 0 ot a oo a

 
  

Ing bells, each with {ts glossy fide.
The farmer aske a decent price for
products of the earth; he doesn't think
to charge us twice as much as they
are. worth, WIf we could to the farmer |
£0, “Tor things he has to ‘dell, wé/N
wouldn't crumple, in our woe, beneath
H. O. of L. But speculators come be- ||
tween the farmer and crowd, and
80. we. pay the good long green and
groan and swear ‘aloud. Ld like tol
sep the farmer get high prices when
he can; he earns his coin In toil and ||
sweat, he is an honest man, Butl|
1 twixt the farmer and the push, “the
| wite asleeh: He “seized her by thefspeculator stands, a robber reaching
‘hair and held ler while he fired one|for the cash with both bis greedy
shot into her head and another {nto| hands. And though the land with
her throat. Hawking Ds eit the| plenty teems, there's famine all]
pistal to his right temple i (around, by speculafors’ and their]
the ‘tr schemes our weary éouls are ground. f

hépds of the immigration department
aro as Ignorant. Business men who
have lived in’ Windsor for years are
subjected to insults, and persécution
bysthese men from Ottawn, and sev-
eral citizens have been obliged ‘to
forego important business -engage-
ments in Detroit because of the meth-
ods used by these officious job hold-
ora.” Another resolution approving of
the ‘Government's plan to conscript
man power, but. with a clause urging
the’ conscription of all the country's
resources in addition to compulsory)
military service, was ndopted. 3

:

 

 

 
  
     
   
  

   
  
     
    
 

 
  

 
  
 
  
   
  

rcosts, and ordéred deported.
‘ Mra. Corn Hawkins, colored, aged
22, was brutally murdered in Detroit
on Friday by her husband, James
Hawkins, aged 28° Hawkins, ofter
Killing his wife, turned thé revolver
upon: himself and” was: found lying
dead across his Wife's body, The con-
[plo resided at 70 Mullett street, De-
‘trot, and fealousy is said to have been
the cause of the tragedy, . Hawkins
was employed by the Detroit and
Cloveland' Navigation Company. He
returned (to his home dud found h

   
   
  
  
 
  
   
  
    
     
 

 
   
 
    
  
    
  

  

 

| n LET us QUOTE Yol | any danger, and just as he nea °

driveway the branch the boy held
—ON—

broke, precipitating him in front of
ithe car, both heals Sewhicn yegeed
Hi G ! of } is. Samuel Milliken and
 Juumses, smncues,
| LATH, FRAMES, SASH,
8 di _- DOORS; ETC.
Canadian Brand Wall Board.

nickname indicated his popularity
at St. ‘George's school. No inquest \
Oak Finish Wall {Board.
~ Bishopric Lath, Board,

  
   
   
      
 

o

   
  
  
  
  
    
  
     
   
   
   
  
    

   

     
  
   

   
  

  
 

will be held.
“There is an agitation throughout

ntry to influence, Sir Robert
a ig dismiss his Minister, Mr.
Sevigny, on the ground that when re-
tiring from the _Speakership—which
| he ought Bower jo.bove hel =-ahawed
an k of W was due r .
Delf and the position. He carried away| MEN FOR FARMS.
or Jad th ed te ley | Indications point to the success of
of Canada, and refused to roturn them f the Ontario Organization of Resources|
until sharply, admonished by the: ber. | Committee and allled organizations in |
(geant-at-arms, Ttis no defence to say their effort to recruit labor for the

that the valuo of the articles was not|farms of the province from = new
(great. Mr. Sevigny’ os sources: to meet the present emer:

‘was the subject of: ;

use: of Commons on Friday.
for ‘uppointing to
‘accountant in thi
Raoul

       
    
   
    
   
   

     
  

  

 

   
   
     
    
   
 
   

   
   
   

After working under a bandicap all summer, we: are’ ;
~~ nowprepa red to give our patrons better seryice than ever
they received: Our machinery has all been connected up,

-and with electric power can be turned on anytime forany
job, no matterhowsmall. ~~ Tah ST
‘Lime, Hardwall Plaster, Lumber’

     
         
   

  
   
   
  
 

 

      

 

   

      

   

  
 
 
 
  
   

  
   

igger. - Ho dled fn B. C. Fir, Bil Stu, Pine and Oak: Finishes,

 
  

   
  

 

 

  
