 
    
 
     

 

  
    

 

 

8

   

Don’t Have Catarrh

fh One efficient way to remove
ge nasal catarrhis to treat its cause
which in most cases is physical
weakness. The system needs
more: oil and easily digested
liquid-food, and you should
d a spoonful of

1 scorTs
§ EMULSION

Col after each meal to enrich your
: blood and help heal the sensi-
EE tive membranes with its pure
oilfood properties. -

The results of this Scott's

 

 

   

 

       
      
 
  

  
 

 

  
 
    
    
   
   
  
  

. Ontario Government House, Investiga-
tion in the Public Accounts Committee
shows that he Government took their
lead from the blatant luxury of Ameri-
can plutocracy and the extravagant

* decadence of Europe, - Government
“Architect Henkes admitted before the
committee that "he had wisited the

residences of some. of the great New

* “York millionaires to get Ideas for the

furnishings, and that among the resi
dences visited by him wns that of

Charles M. Schwab, the steel king.
Phe Government also paid $1,000 for
Dr. Renume, while Minister of Public

‘Works, to visit European .castles and

_ chateapx for suggestions for our Gov-

ernment House.

A Costly Front Hall.

‘What In an ordinary citizen's house

is known as the “front hall” costing,

aps $100, appears In the Govern-

t House as an “atrium,” with
‘marble pilasters, balustrades and por-

The Provincial architect wns

t able to give an estimate of the

«of thé “aterium,” but it will prob-

e as high as $25,000 or $30,
ere was some dispute between
al Architect Heakes and V.
Conservative member © for
)xford, The former thought the
lum" was purely Greek’ in
dition, Hioaght It belonged
ic division of the Greek

nt Emulsion treatment will,
Ti surprise those who have used
3 irritating snuffs, and vapors.
J 8 A "S
a !
- of  Getthe Genuine SCOTT
if EXTRAVAGANCE RULED =
IH FOR “FRONT HALL" OF
oa Sy GOVERNMENT HOUSE
| Lid + 5
1 a : :
| by .  Tnstead of following the Canadian
democratic standards in bullding the

   
   
  
 
 
  
   
 
   
  
 
  
 

 

  
  
  
 
   
  
  
   
     
   
     
  
 
  
   

 

   
 

Hine

    

 

 

 
 

     
   
   
  
  
  
    
  
 
 
   

; ond
ga

  
   

 

Mersea Council.

PRICES OF FERTILIZERS Colchester North-Council.

AFFECTED BY THE WAR

    

 

 

Acid Phosphate Cheapest This Spring

Saturday, March 10th. | Monday, March 19th.

Council mel. All members present. | <> regular meeting of Mersen™ town-

On motion, the minutes of February {50D council was held here. :

10th were read and, on motion, adopt: Alter routing, a letter from the
Clerk of Leamington was read stat-

ed as read.
Communication was rend from |!DE t there was a dangerous Sink
1 ong the Lionel Robinson- drain

Clerks of the City of Windsor, con-,lole n 8
corning an Indigent patient in Hotel {On the 2nd concession road opposite
Dieu tithe Curtis property. On motion, re-

A pétition from the ratepayers intor- | ferred to Mr. Lambler ta have filled
cated inthe Walker Old Malden Road |2t Jhce Sh
drain was read, asking that the 14th ved by Mr. Gow, seconded by Mr.
@bn. and 13th Con. drains be opened || v t $20 be granted Mr. Lam. |
dp in order to cut off part of the water | ] ituble purposes, to be used
draining through the Walker and Old | In tid of a poor family residing in the
Malden Rond drain at. the: present township, to be charged to the Robt.
time,, and: also*that another engineer | Coulis poor. fund.—Carried.
be hited to lay out the new improve: George Hilman was. present and
(complained that the water from the
petition was laid | itch on the west side of his property
further (flowed over; onto his land, owing to
the ditch having been partly filled by
the dirt from the large drain onthe
west side of the road. On motion, re-

Owing to the high prices of fertl-
lizers due to the European War, the
Ohio Experiment Station. is warning
farmers not to buy complete fertilizers
or any carriers of nitrogen and potas-
slum for thelr spring crops. Acid
phosphate In experimental tests cov:
ering more than 20° years has proved
{the cheapest and most effective fertil
|1zer for this state.

Carriers of nitrogen are especially
high this year, and this element has
seldom returned its cost on corn and
outs at the Experiment Station and {ts
various substations scattered over the |
State. Where clover {8 grown andj oo
manure is properly applied nitrogen 5 | By resolution the
unnecessary, according to soil experts. fo 0 ne) next, meeting for

* All fertilizers containing patassium,| oo cidaration. :
which come from Germany, are 80| 4 yotica from Mrs. D. Gould was |
high in price this year that thelr use |. 4 adking that a drain be put in|
is not recommended. at the west of where the Bowler drain | ferred to Mr. Gow with power to act,
While a fertilizer ‘containing nitro-| 1s north on the South Rear road, or | D'Arcy Bell complained that the
gen, phosphorus and poatgsium has re-| 0) “the drain from thet point west |Pridge over tic McCracken drain, op-
turned $15.78 net profit when used at |. fimproved so as to carry the water Poste lot 10 wag out of repair.
the rate of 1,070 pounds per acre in|. o proper outlet. | On motion, referred to Mr. Gulliver
five years In a rotation of corn, oats, On motion, this notice was laid aver | 10 examine and. repair the same |{f
wheat, clover andstimothy at Wooster, |, »e) noxt meeting, and the ReeVe and Necessary,
320 pounds of acid phosphate alone has | aoynciilor Roadhouse were appointed | © Moved by Mr. Gow, seconded by Mr.
returned $13.92 net, as an average of | (i meat the parties interested, and re- Gulliver that Gordon Robson, engin-
20 years. In other words, 100» pounds port at next regular meeting. |eer of West Marsh pumping station,
of acid phosphate has been worth Harbert: Tiley, owner of Wipt lot | 22 paid 36 cents an hour instead of 26
nearly three times as much in net re-f an; Ri EL en cents, and that by-law 847 be amended
sults as the same amount of complete | = 3 , E000 tho south side of | 2ecordingly.—Carried.
terHilizar. th oh Rr Rona In front of his W. Langell, of Point Pelee, address-
DE a iene ed the council In reference to trimming

frees and removing brush from and
same doné providing statute labor be AlODE x
ng clther side py
used Tor Shme. [3 8 of the Point Pelee

0 N
Wm. Hollingsworth appled for the road, to prevent the road blocking up

Several Units Will be Recruited to| um of 70c., being an overcharge on with snow.
Full Strength as Result of pus ia L3 B! Moved by Mr. Willan, seconded by

Mr. Lambier, the by J
New Order. On motlon, the collector's time was ir. Lambier. that the Clerk corres

pond with the land owners and the
Ny { extended until next regular meeting. | 5 1 5
According fo. a Léndon despatch “A (igctiision took place concerning |’ Inister of the Interior, Ottawa, for

received in Windsor Monday, the 21s8t| tajephone accounts of former years. permission toy trim the trees and re

 

 

  
 

  
 
    

 
  

—r——

TO MOBILIZE ARMY
FOR HOME DEFENSE

 

 

     
   
  
     
   
   

  
     
   
     
    
     
    
   
   
    
    
  
      
   
   
  
    
   
     
     
   

 

  
  

    

  

 

vo sh an —
os milla hs id Ie ‘A resolution was pissed striking off a Vax magia sreqnired.
leadquarters a ndsor, Ww €| the old accounts as an asset to. the pe .

mobilized for home defense and re- | ownahip. ! Mayor Wigle and Councilor Scrateh
crulted to war strength of 1,000 rank| on motion, the council adjourned of Leamington, were present add dis.

cussed the McClatchey drain* report
and assessment with the council. They
stated that an petition had been pre-
sonted to the town council and adopt-
ed, for taking up this ditch at the
west entrance to the town, and carry-
ing it to a sufficient outlet, and re-
quested the council to abandon that
portion of their report providing for
work In the town, . i

| = On motion, laid oven for further con-
sideration. VBE ;

| The Clerk presented ‘and read the
| [report, assessment, ete., of C. B. Al
(|Uson, C. E, for building two bridges
over the Ruscomb drain fa Gosfield
North. The roport was served on the
Reeve on February 20th
la The total cost of the in

(which sum $190.70 in
(lands In Morita, and
ronds. All pastiés hb
according to ow.
Moved by Mt: Gov
Gulliver, that (5®
ote, of C. B. AM
bridges. over:

sok

        
 
  
  
  

and file and. officers. far tho reading of the Boyd Drainage
Three other regiments in western report na revised by the engineer,

Ontario, the Seventh, London; Twenty-| The report was read and, on motion,
aocond, Woodstock, and the Twenty:| was adopted as read and ordered

fifth, St. Thomas, are affected by the | published, court of revision to be April
order from divisional’ headquarters. |j4¢h at 3 p.m.

Recrulting for overseas battalions, the On mation, council adjourned.
despatch states, will go on just the is x

same, although it is considered nnlike- | == =—=——=—————
ly that men will enlist for overseas
service when the Government has
opened up a way to escape from that |
duty.

It 18 expected that recruits will be)
required to drill two nights and one
afternoon each week until the regi-
ments reach full strength, when they |
will probably go into camps for sum: |
mer training. :

Men between the ages of 18 and 46] 1
will be accepted, and pay will Be the| Spl
same as in the active militia, $1.10 a
day, with: a monthly eoparation allow-
ance of $18 for married men. The)
rogiments. have been depleted by en-| .
listments for overseas service to such | na

   
 
   
     
  
 
   
    
 
    
  
   

      
   
   
    
 
   
  
 

 

 

   
   

 

         
       
   
   

  
   
     
  

   
     
     
  

 

      
 

   

   

   
  
  
   

1 against

  
  

   
    
   

send a Panama Junior on trial. %
ici & Pagans Jusiy o8 trel Cur

      
    
    

     
  
  
 

ald North is the sum of$2,973.90, of| for

Moved by Mesars. Ouelletté and to menunfitfor mili i ent appeals
Droufllard ] service, orwhofinditi le
Bo, So curt, Conve | | enlist in the army. “Do your ior mhotitimpendiite”
Municipal World, §3c., for supplies, — Production of foo s. This is your hour, of opportunity.

Moved by Messrs. Rochelean and Thefarmers of Ontario need the help of retired f WL
Dioula, tat the tender tor ow |] Cah eink ne occupation (retire). of business men who

afi tng Jon 17 of he Record portion of their time, We appeal to all whe

 

   
  
   
 
  

against | Rea; th
od | Boller

 
 

year’s liberal trade.--

| Through your efforts

‘we maintained our

position as the most

. Extensive Egg Store
in South Essex.

 
 

  
     
    
      

 

 

read a first time be provisionally
adopted, and that a court of revision
be held on Saturday, April 14th, 1917,
atghe-hour of 10 o'clock in the fore-
noon, and that copies of the by-law
and notices be served on the resident
ratepayers, and sent by registered let-
ter to non-resident ratepayers to the
drain,—Carried.

A notice was recéived from Hliza-
beth; Baird, owner of lot 17-and part
of lot 18, in concession B, for the re-
pair and improvement of the east por-
tion of the B and C Concession Road
drain

Moved by Mr. Lambier, seconded by
Mr. Gulliver, that the notice of Bliza-
beth Baird be referred to Alexander
Baird, C. E., to make syrvey, report,
assessment, etc, at as early a date
as possible, and that the Reeve and
Mr# Gow accompany the engineer.—
Carried.

Colin Noble was present and com-
plained of water on the west side of
12 and 13 Siderond, damaging his
Innd, part of Jot 12 in Concession B.

On motion, refered to Mr. Lambier
with power to act:

Moved:by Mr. Lambler, seconded by
Mr. Gow, that the Reeve be appointed
to meet the Mayor of the Town In the
matter of building a lavatory on the
Union Hall grounds, at the rear of
the hall,-with power to have the town-
ship contribute one-third of the initial
cost, ~
Moved by Mr. Gulliver, seconded by:
Mr. Willan, that Mr. Lambfer and Mr.
Gow be a committee to have the coun-
oil room painted and renovated. —Car-

    

   
   
  
   

 

de

‘Recruits Wanted |
for Production

Just as surel

y as lack’of food is strangling Germany

 

 

   
   
 
 
  
 
    
     
     
     

ried. ; day by day, so plenty.of food is winning the victory
Ronacll adjourned. a for he os. he French armies, for dng Gil
grt : neverbett r . 1
Sandwich Wést Council, the privy ui lav Jormes :

 

i

Saturday, arch 17th.
Special meeting for P. S. S. No, 11.

Council met as per adjournment. All
present. Minutes of last meeting were
read and adopted. ' © 2
Moved by Messrs. Rocheleau and
Ouellette, that Mr. Reaume's by-law
for P. 8. 8, No. 11 be read a first time.

—C; La
Coy £O6s Into a committes of
the whole, the reeve in the chair.

Council resumed. By-law 18 read a
third time and passed. :
Moved by Messrs. Rochelenu and
Droulllard, that the clerk is hereby
authoried to write the company tof

c —the failure of her food:
supply. To this she attributed the loss of. that war.

To feed the French soldiers around Verdun m :

! X than 25,-
500,000 pounds of food a week were required, This a ‘
faintidea of the colossal task of feeding an army. Canadaand
Britain havea hugearmy of fighting heroes on theline; every

man Must have plenty of food, in spite of a world A
Upon Canada's food production all principally rely. ©

The Farmers of Ontario
Urgently Need Help

The Department of Agriculture appeal 4 b ie
enlist in the farm help campaign, FPhe man poyste

 
 
   
  
  
   
        
     

  
 
  
   
  
 
   
    
 
   
  
     
   
     
  
  

 
  
    
  
    
    
  
  
   
     
    

 

 

   

 

   
 
  
  
  

or $160 1 can So arrange their ordinary affairs to plas t pe
do jy Mara. facmer friend, particular 1y in Seed tine hod haprcsl SOME

 

   
  

epartment of ‘Ag

ied .
care Department of Agrienoe

o bg
