 
  
 
 
  
  
  

  
  

   
 
  
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
  
 
  
  
   
   
 
   
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
   
 
   

  
  
   
  
  
  

 
 

 

 

 

     
  
 
 

  
 
  
  

 
 
 
   

 
 
    
    
 
  
    
 

 

+0 THE 00D PEOPLE

and still our lads are fighting.

PAGE SIX

 

\

OF ANDERDON, MALDEN
AND AMHERSTBURG

Ch¥stmas time is near once more,
The
visions they had and wrote us abaut
“being home for Christmas’ have again
faded for the great work they have
started 1s net yet accomplished, and
¢ill it 1s dreams of “Home and loved
ones” must needs be “only a dream.”
But they know they have never yet
been forgotten by the dear friends they
left behind, so the Daughters of the
Empire are placing baskets in the
different business pleces in town
where you are invited to place the
gift of socks, pipe, tobacco, cigarettes,
candy, chocolate, toilet articles, etc.
ete. Our merchants, always ready to
help, have entered heartily into the
4dea, and will gladly give you any
dnformation you wish, and. gilts you}
may place in the baskets will make
“gome hoy's” Christmas Day happier.
It meuns so little to us, but ‘spells
“Home sweet home” to him fighting
“Somewhere In France”, so please help
fill the baskets, which will be found
in every store in town. It will be no
trouble for us to empty for you to re-
fll. Will you kindly have all filled |
by November 5th.

EXPORT OF FISH. |

 

 

Editor of The Echo:— {

We wish to take“exception to the
resolution passed by Border Chamber
of Commerce at a special meeting held |
by that body, calling on the Food
Controller, the Department of Marine
and Fisheries and the Ontario Fish |
Commission to at once put a stop to
¢he continued export of fish from Can-
ada to thy United States, Now to a
disinterested reader and a person who |
4s not acquainted with the existing]
conditions, this would seem the right
and just thing to do. But let us look
a little deeper into the matter. For
instance, we will suppose that an em-
dargo were placed on fish going Into
the United States, what would be the |
consequence. In the first place we
would have no adequate: fish=louses
to send’our catches of fish in the event
refrigerator plants to take care of
the fish when caught; centers of dis-|
tribution where fishermen could ship
their catch to. We on Pelee Island
have no way to ship our fish only by
steamhoat. We have no, ice or tanks |
fixed up for shipping fish in that way,
and if we had we would have no place
to send our catches of fish In th event
of an embargo being at once placed on
fish. If the Government contemplates
any such:move as that it would be well
for them to give the matter a thor-
ough: investigation Fishermen can-
not help the conditions that . exist.
Those little onehorse fish houses
could no take care of a small fraction
of the fish business at the present
time, and the consequences would be
that the larger bulk of the catch would
be left to spoil on the fishermen'si,
hends® Thanking you, Mr. Editor, for |’
space. Believe me, I remain

Very respectfully,
JOHN MAHONEY.

Pelee Island, October 23rd, 1917

~~

WEEKLY DRILL FOR DRAFTEES.

 

 

 

 

Within two weeks most of the]
militia regiments in Toronto will have'|
discontinued their weekly drills. This
is following the policy of ante-bellum
days, and It is expected that the drills
will he resumed next Mopeh. Before
that time arrives, however, it is hoped
that the Militia Department will issue
orders to all men {n Cless 1, who are
exempt for overseas serivce, or who
are medically unfit for the trenches
to join the militia regiments for drill}
at least one night a week. )

  
 

 

 
  

  
 
  

   
  
 
 

 
 

  
 

   
  
  
  

   

  

  

    

   

   
 
 
 

 

    
 

 
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
   
  

      
   
 
     
    
   

Millions
of Packages

of this famous War-time Sweetmeat are
sent to the soldiers, sailors and aviators

at the front.

H you have a friend there, see that every
parcel or letter contains a few bars or a
package of WRIGLEY’S, the great chew-
ing confection that is used around the

world.

     
 

Keep it always on hand. It
helps teeth, appetite, digestion.

‘“ After every

 

FLOWERS

HOw often there is occasion to send a message of such
tender sentiment that it can only be expressed in Flowers.

You are constantly taking advantage of this means
of expressing your love, gratitude, esteem or friendship.

Do you realize that it is to, your advantage to place
your order for Flowers with a reliable Florist.

We guarantee that the most simple FLORAL OFFERING
executed by uswill be worthy of its purposes

TF U S O N ’ 46-48 Ouellette Ave., Windsor

Phones 348-339-460

 

 

 

HARROW RECIPES.

1 Chocolate Cake,

134 cups granulated sugar, 24 cup
butter, % cup sweet milk, 2 cups
flour, 1 teaspoon cream of tartar, 3%
tenspoon sods, 1 oz. unsweetened
chocolate. Cream the butter and
sugar and the well beaten eggs, 8AaV-
ing white of one; then the milk; sift
flour and cream of tartar together
twice and mix thoroughlv with above.

A Dark Cake.

Yolks of three eggs, 1 cup brown
sugar, 1 cup of molassgn, 1 cup sour
milk; 1 teaspoon of cassia, 1 teaspoon
cloves, 2 tablespoons butter, 1 small
teaspoon soda dissolved in the milk,
Use bolled {cing for

  
 
 
 
 

\ 3% cups of flour.
this cake.
Mocha Cakes.
1 cup granulated sugar, % cap but-

ter, % cup milk, 1% cups flour, 2
teaspoons baking powder, whites of ‘4
oggs. Cream butter and sugar beat
ing all the time, slowly add the milk,
then the flour and baking powder
sifted both together, gently fold in
whites of eggs; bake In’ a long pan
or two square tin coke pans.

This 18 the Icing for this cake: —2
cups of pulverized sugar, 2 tablespopns
butter, 1 tablespoon water with van-
flla to taste, beat well, if not soft add
more water. Cut cake. in 1-inch equares
(cold), hold on a two-pronged fork.
ice on five sides and dip in a bowl
of finely chopped parched almonds or,
peanuts (about 15 cents worth).

Choccinte Pie.

14 cup of grated chocolate, 3 cups”
water, 1 teaspoon vanilla, yolks of 2
eggs beaten up well, in the eggs put
2 good tablespoons of corn starelh,
mix with water first before putting in-
to the aggs, a small piece ofy butter
size of a hickory nut. This filling im

for one ple. |

 

Pumpkin Pile.

1 cup of pumpkin (good), 1 cup aif
sweet milk, 3% cup sugar, 1 egg beatem
up, pinch of salt, spices to suit the
case, nutmeg, cossin, 4 pinch cloves.

Mock Cherry Pie.

4 cups of split cranberries, 1 cup or |
chopped raisins, 13% cups bolling wat |
er, 2 teaspoons vanilla, 2 cupssugar../|
Mix flour and sugar together, pour the
bojling water over this. 2 tablespoons
floup.

Cream Pie.

Boil 14 cups -milk and add % cup
of butter, thke two small teaspoors
cornstarch beaten with a little milk,
2 eggs—yolks only, 1 scant cup of
| sugar; stir Into the bolling milk un-
til, thick; flavor with a little vanilla.
After taking from the stove pour into {
baker crusts and put beaten whites |
on ‘top.

Cocoanut Pie.

Heat 1 pint of milk and when it!
| bolls stir in 1 cup of grated cocoarut
|and cook 10 minutes in a double boil-
er. Remove from the fire and add
4.tablespoonsiof sugar, yolks of two
eggs, 1 tableSpoon of cracker crumbs,
1 teaspoon of butter. Bake in’ crusts;
whites of eggs for top.

-

 

 

CIVIL SERVANTS:RETURNING.

 

 

| Letters received from two men at
| the front, and both members of the
| Ontario-Clvil Service, state that, they
‘hive been withdrawn from the
trenches and are being brought back
to their duties in Government circles.
The men in their letters also intimate
that they are by no meang the only
ones; in fact one of the leitters from
an officer states that a wholis boatload
of civil servants are belimg brought
back to Toronto. Sir Wailllam Heart,
when asked concerning thie informa-
tion, said that no.civil servants were
béing brought 6 his knowledge, and
that he never dieard of thin idea.

 

 

Why does Canada Raise Money
by Selling Bonds ? |

BoNps are issued payable in ten or twenty years, as the case may be.
It means that repayment of the money will be spread over ten or twenty

years instead of being raised by taxation to meet current expenditures:
To raise by taxation all the money, as fast as it is needed to carry on ;

: Canada’s share in winning the war, wou

the people.

 

But to raise money by selling Canada’s

- Victory Bonds means that those of the

% “next generation who will bemefit by the
] Sacrifices this generation is making;

: .  —who will share in the freedom this

generation is fighting for and.largely paying

for—will also pay. their share.

ek

And when you buy Canada’s Victory

v Bonds you make a first-class business in-

vestment in a security that is absolutely

safe, likely to enhance in value after the
war, and bearing a good rate of interest.

Vou help the country by keeping open

Fos the British market for Canadian: products

"and this helps the general welfare in which

= or backer of

It would mean t
raised right now.

$ *
eas And again, every Canadian who buys
“Ha a Victory Bond becomes a financial partner

7

 

' Victory Bonds.

 

* * country.

to win the war;

Every purchase of Canada’s Victory
Bonds is a blow for freedom against the
tyranny of German Kultur. a

Every bond sold is a new guarantee ;
that Canada is in the war to the finish, ; ;
until victory is with the Allies and the |

Id be an unbearable burden upon

hat more than a million dollars a day would have to be

you give a personal pledge that you are
going to help to win the war.

Every man and woman in Canada can
help to win the war by buying Canada’s
And Canada wants the
personal, individual interest and co-opera-
tion of every man and woman in the

The ‘buying of Victory Bonds by the
whole people unites them in adetermination

 

world has been made safe to live in. ad

oR

ness to

 

Every bond you buy is a new pledge :
that Canada will remain true to herself, the
Empire, the Allies and to freedoms cause.
Canada in the war. So it is both patriotic and ) ;
‘buy a Canada Victory Bond ta ¥ 3

 

  
 
  

    

 
 

WINDSOR.

Mrs. Gordon Kerr, 106 Church
street, formerly Miss Edia Marie
Cray, daughter of Mr. and Mrs, John
Cray, Church street, died ‘Wednesday
day afternoon at Hotel Dieu. She
had been {ll but three days. She is
survived by her husband and one
child. The funeral was held Satur
day morning to St. Alphonsus church.
intermenttoo k place in St. Alphonsus’

cemetery.

 

—— -
SANDWICH.
Mrs. Elizabeth Laframboise, 69
years old, wife of the late Plerre La-

framboise, died at Sandwich ‘Wednes-
day afternoon. Her husband died 16
years 8go. She is survived by three
sons, Adolphus, Raymond and Albert,
all of Sandwich, and three daughters,
Mrs. Fontaine, Mrs. Hennin and Miss
]da Laframboise, at home. The late
Mrs. Laframboise was a member of
Assumption church Aliar Society. The
funeral was held Saturday in Assump-
don church, Sgndwich, znd interment
in A.sumption cewetery,

GOSFIELD SOUTH.

 

 

Isanc Whittle, one of the oldest
and most respected residents in South
Gosfield, passed away at his home in
the 2nd concession of this township
early Monday morning of last week.
Death was due to heart trouble with
which he had been ailing for the past
two years, and for the past eight
weeks he had been confined to his
bed. He was 71 years-of abe, and
had spent his lifo- on the splendid
farm which he hewed out of the for-
est. He is survived by his wife and
two sons, Alfred, of Olinda, and
Thornton, who resides on a farm ad-
joining the homestead. George Whit-
tle, Leamington, as a brother, and
Mrs. Josich Peterson, of Ruthven, a
sister. The funeral service was held
at deceased's “late home Wednesday
afternoon at 2 o'clock, interment fol-
lowing at the Universalist cemetery

at Olinda. : 3 =
CULCHESTER NORTH.

 

Under the supervision of Reeve
Hart and Warden Whalen, two cars
of gravel have been placed on the
new grade over the Canard flats * at
New Canaan. This did not complete
the work, which has been. suspended
temporarily, while the committee is
endeavoring to seucr® { coarser lot
of gravel for the finish,

Harold Hall, the 17-year-old son of
Jesse Hall, died on Tuesday of ‘last
week following a lengthy attack of
consumption. His death is the fourth
in that family during the past. year,
all from the same wasting disease.

Barrettville.

Rally Day was observed in Barrett-
ville Sunday school on Sunday of last
woek.—Messrs. Arps and Malott have
been busily engaged harvesting their
sugar beets, which they grew for the
fictory,.—George Fick and Will Lester
spent Saturday in the city.—Mr. and
Mrs. C, P. Rhodes visited with rela-
tives in Paquette on Sunday last—
WII Fick has the foundation up for &
new house.—Miss Laura Tice, nurse.
{n-training at Hotel Dieu, -who re-
cently underwent a serious operation
for appendicitis at that hospital, Is
able to be at her home hére, recover-
ing her health.

Elford.

Mr. and rs. Willlam Nelson and
Miss Winnie Elford spent Sunday last
at New Californic.,—Mr, and Mrs. Sam
Quick spent Saturday In Cottam, at-
tending the funeral of H. Marke, of
that place.—MIlss Margeret Armstrong,
missionary on furlough from Japen,
and Mrs. Armstrong, of Sarnia, are
visiting at the home of Mrs. W. H.
Sweetman. —On Monday /of last week
the Elford Ladies Auxiliary enter-
tained the ladles of the community and
also the Auxiliary: from New Califor
nla. At same meeting Miss M. Arm-
strong gave a very interesting fiddress
on her work in Japan, and Mrs. Leroy
Allen furnished the. audiénce with a
beautiful solo. Tea was served in the
dining hall to about seventy ladles,
after which they departed to their
different homes, all assured that it

had been a profitable afternoon.
rr sf Wp —

 

WINDSOR HERO GASSED.

 

Windsor Armories from destruction
by dynamite placed: in position by
Charles Reapa, at the behest of Albert
Kaltschmidt, of Detroit, has been
gassed and is now In-an English hos-
pital. Banton was on duty ot the Arm-
ories on the night of June 21st, 1915,
and while patrolling in the rear of the
building he stumbled over a suitcase
containing the dynamite. After coolly:
disconnecting ‘the bomb mechanism,
he summoned the guard. Banton en-
listed in an overseas battalion shortly

after.

 

r-——

SHORTAGE OF SUGAR.

 

Wholesale grocers in Quebec city
have issued circulars letters to all
city and

| Corporal Walten Banton, who saved
|

the retail dealers in the

throughout the district, notifying mer-f

   

chants that though there Is a suffic-
font amount of sugar coming to feed
the pppulation there as at present a
shortage. An appeal is made to all
dealers to sell only in small lots, It
fs known that the sugar problem has
aroused the Quebec population, as it
| has the population of every ‘other
{ community, and somo retail dealers
| report that they have no sugar on hand
for the day’s demand.

HUN 8 EVENTS HERE

 

 

Discovery at the Front in France
Proves Close German Watch
On Canada.

 

A nowspaper found on a German
prisoner who was taken by the Can-
adinns an the Westérn front recently
shows how close a watch the Huns
keep on Canudian affairs. The paper
contained a news despatch, purport.
ing to come.from Ottawa, which told
of the passing of the Military Service
Act Just two days after the Act was
passed by Parliament hero. “a

This little discovery Is regarded
here as a proof of the Importance
Germany places upon the military
benefit to the Allles which will flow
fro mthe adop! by Canada of the
Military Service Act.  Experionco
has proved that Germany” is a close
_observer of enemy countries and that
Dain I moka mith che Keaoet tte
i 3 ! est {nter-
ost by tho. ah TL,

 

   
  

 

 
   
    
 
  

  

    
  
  
    
 
  

     
   
  
 
  
   
  
     
     
   
   
 
 
  
   
     
   
    
     
    
      
     
     
     
   
   
    
     
   
    
    
 
     
   
    
      
     
   
       
     
     
     
         
   
    
    
       
   

 
 
 

 
 
 

  
     
    
    
     
   
     
 
 
 
   
   
  
 
  

 
  
   
 
   
  
 
  
   
  
   
   

   
 
       

  
 
  
  
  
 
    
   
    
 
    
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
   
     
   
     
     
 
  
   

  

    

    
  
  
  
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
  
  
  

He'll Appreciate Your
Good Judgment As Well
As Your Good Will

if for Christmas, 1917, you send
him a Gillette Safety Razor! That’s
the gift that is valued Overseas for itself as well as for
the sake of the sender. Few articles of personal
equipment are so welcome, for the Gillette is known -
up and down the Allied lines, by Canadian, Briton
and Anzac, Frenchman, Italian and American, as the
one sure passport to a clean and enjoyable shave.

Even if he has already had one, the man in whom >
your hopes centre will be glad to get another Gillette
‘ Safety Razor. For under active service conditions,
equipment so sought after as the Gillette strays easily
and often, and he may now be trying to worry along
again without one. So whatever else your box may
contain, don't forget a GILLETTE SAFETY RAZOR
—and a good supply of blades. ‘
If you prefer, we will take your order, through your dealer or
dire@, and’ deliver the razor of your choice from our neare®

depot Overseas. Ask your dealer about this when he shows you
his Gillette assortment. ad

Standard Sets and “Bulldogs” cost $5.00—Pocket
Editions $5.00 to $6.00—Combination Sets $6.50
up— at Drug, Jewelry and Hardware Stores

Mails are congested—shipments slow. Send his Gillette early!

GILLETTE SAFETY RAZOR CO. OF CANADA, LIMITED,
Office and Factory : Gillette Building, Mostreal ~~. 274

  

 
 

  
  

    
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
  
    
   
           
             
      
         
     
    
     
   
   
 
     

4

 MGLAUGHLIN CARRIAGES

 

oy

= 1st.—Smooth running and noiseless. I

: Re and brass washers (patented). in Canada and!

. 8rd—A. Standard wheels, exclusive on all four-wheeled. . ~~
vehicles. . :

4th.—Solid foot-gained front, padded dashes. -

6th.—Hand-buffed. long-grained leather—absolutely the-
highest grade manufactured for the carriage trade.

6th.—Wrought iron reach construction.
Tthi—Hickory XXX shafts. Selected stock.

“One Grade Only and That the Best.”

L.'V. PiLLON |
Massey-Harris Agency. Phone 74 -
Old Echo Office, Ramsay St., Amherstburg. =

    
  
  
 
 
  
  
 

   

 

    

      
 
    
   
    
    
     
   
   
 

 
    
  

 

   

  
 
  
   

Lifebuoy Sosp is always on guard against ditt and Ml
disease. In tho home, at your work, for hands and [iif -
Ju tie watchs againat germ ands obe. al,
the rich, creamy Lifebuoy lather makes it a real
pleasure to use this “super soap.” TY

It Cleans and Safeguards y

    
  

 

   
 
   

   

E
