| Settlement #ll.

SON AAAS ny
> TLE SAN

The Kind Yow Hava Alyays Dought, nad which has been

+ in use for over over 30 y

A ——

8273, has barne, the signature ofs?

and hag been, made under his. pero
sonal supervision since its infancy.
Allow no one to deceive you dn this,

All Counterfeits, Imitations aol  Just-as-good” are but
Experiments’ that ride with aod endanger the health of.

Infants. and Children—Ex; rience against +E:
What is CASTORIA

riment.

© Castorla is. a harmless: substituta for Castor Oll, Paregori
Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is pleasant, It —

neither Opium, Morphin

been in-constant use for the

phine nor, other narcotic substance, Its
age is its’ guarentee, For mera thon thirty }

years-it has
relief of Constipation, Flatulency,

Wind Colic and Diarrhoea; allaying Feverishness arising
therefrom, and’ by regulating the Stomach and Bowels, aids
the assimilation of Food; giving healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea—The Mother's Friend. I

f cenuine CASTORIA aways

In Use For Over 30 Years

Bears the Signature of ~

*

The Kind You Have Always Bought

THR SENTAUR COMPANY, NEW YORK CIPV,

FEEDING BRAINS

Why Studious Children Always Crave
Oatmeal .

Nature gives oats more organic phos:
rus than to anyother grain she grows.
nd phospliorus is the brain's main con-
stitnent. Brains can't grow, brains can't
work without it.

Oatsalso contain more lecithin—the nerve
any other gralz, They form our

greatest energy food.
That's why grow) children love oat-
Some instinct Within them calls for

| PELEE ISLAND HEROES
BACK FROM BATTLE FRONT

Ptes. Blain and Piper, Heroes of
Ypres and the Somme, Invalided
K Home.

Pte. A. H. Blain and Pte. S. Piper,
Pelee Tsland heroes of the war, .ar-
rived in amington last week and
were given the glad hand by a numbar
of admiring frienas. They were later
entertained at dinner at the Auto Stop
Ton. .

Pte. Blain enlisted with the 33rd |

lements. and woo ta the chill whol patialion and transferred to the 55th,

dossn't get all it wants.

The right oats for food aro; the Tich,
plump grains. “lo the choleeit oats there
ire but ten poands to the bushel, "In mak:
ing Quaker Oats these choices grains are se:
lec ate aiftinga,.

ust the cream.of the oats

osts ‘but oné-half cent ti dish, One

dish is worth two dishes of commun oat-

®meal. Don't you think it would pay to
ftve yout children sugh oats? J wl

Made in Canada: = | an

SUNS, TRAPS, SPORTI!
JOHN HALLAM. Limited
408 HALLAM BLDG, TORONTO.

L. BERTRAND
FUNERAL DIRECTOR

PRACTICAL Embylmer, “Murray St
Ambherathurg. Day or night,
: Phone 20

E.R

CHAS. LEGGETT
x GRADUATE OPT
Nineteon yosts exparies

3 ‘isd patie
% [ Exctaaive Opioal

Issuer of Marriage Licenses.

4 ot Agent.

iB

gant) ‘
Bo by Hundreds of ina planted per hill, and on the plot Inv

Main Bh. Kingsville | comparison a generous aWantity. of

with which he went to Flanders and
was in the big battle of Ypres in
which he was a -vietim“of shell-shock
trom high explosives. He has since
been In various hospitals and is far
from well, but has not tecelved his
discharge.

Trooper S. Piper was one of the first
to enlist with the Canadian Mounted
Rifles.” : After training for some time
in England he went to France as an
infantryman opd was in the big battle
of thd Somme Inst summer, in Which
he got a shrapnel wound in the left
leg, which put him out of business.
After recelving treatment in sevéral

hospitals he was invalidod te=Gonada.

Both yoimg heroes’ say the! great
need at the front is more men, and
theysoxpress amazement that so many
young men can .be seen in Canada
who are taking their ense and allow-
ing others to do the fighting to pre-

bb

'sarve theirliberty. The remedy, they

think, should be conscription. \ The
boys raturned to the island on the Str.
Pelee, Wednesday.

INCREASE CORN YIELD !
A BY THINNING PLANTS
be Sh 1
Thinning corn has resulted in a
gain, as o 4-year averagé at the Ohlo
Experiment - Station, of 6.31 bushels
per acre in the case of seed tested for
germination before planting, and of
5.47 bushels In the case of unigsted
gaed, - The average time required ‘for
thinnidg an acre of corn was 6.7 hgurs.
In one case thre® kernels ere

seed wna dropped and the plants were
thinned to three per hill Wien 6 or 8
inches ‘high. With tested seed an
average yield of’69.88 bushels per acre
was obtained with corn planted three
kernels per Nill, and 68.85 bushels, per
acre was harvested. trom thinned corn.
with untested feed a yleld of 06.38
bushels per agfe was secured from
regular planting and G8:85 bushels per.

acro where the corn was thinned. |

‘With corn at only 50 cents a bushel

\ |one would make 65 cents an hour by

| eatin:
| phone No. it an

Fi

*: ment gore. shows

| thinning on this basis. a
3 ene PT
FARMER CONVERTED BY. FACTS,

A farmer drove into town the other
day to get an old-fashioned article—a
puggy—and the salesman at the imple
one. at $90.

about the high cost of living.”
"rar same. 7 cn rome

Hon, Dr. foche, Minister
dor, brought down Friday afternoon
fn the Domfiion House, the resolution |
which necesitrily precedeswhis Land

The new measure, a

which is oneof the most jmportant of I i}

the session, hrovides for the appoint:
ment of a S)diers’ Settlement Board
consisting of three commissioners.

The bill 4ives the Minister of In:
terior power to reberve such Domin-
fon lands uo» may be required for set-
tlements 9d authority to give 160
acres to apy honorably discharged sol-
dler of the naval or military forces.
Soldiers of the Canadian forces, Unit-
ed Kingdg#l Or any overseas Domin-
jon, are permitted to secure grants.
Widows of any soldiers who died on
active gervicé may also settle on such
lands. The board will have authority
to lend to aettlers up to $2,000, but
not exceed that amount, for the
improvement of land, erection of farm
buildings afd purchase of stock. The
rate of Interest is not fixed by the bill
but five per cent.* at the present is
proposed, although the Dominion Gov-
ernment pays a little more than this
rate at prefent.

eA SE
EXPRESSION OF THANKS.

To the Editor of The Echo:

I beg to express my thanks for the
cheque of $72.66 received from Major
7. B. Balfour and his staff, the Daugh-
tors of the Empire, the Girls of the
Allies, and specially to Mr. and Mrs.
Wm. Finley, «Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Fox,
for many favors, and all the ladies
and - gentlemen of Brunner, Mond
works, also all those who in any way
assisted in providing my present’ com-
fortable qu@rters. i

This cheque sna the proceeds of the
dance given by the above officers, and
for the same I am sincerely grateful.

I also wish all of my officers and N,
C. officers and men every success and
best wishes.

. Gratefully nmd respectfully yours,
i PATRICK DENVIR.

eee sree, AE
WORDS OF PRAISE
EZRA HAIST, Crediton East, Ontario,
BOYS:

“I feel It my duty to say a word of
praise for Hounestead Bone Black;
Fertilizer which I used last Spring on
a ‘barley field and other crops with|
very good results.”

EXTRA STRAW PAYS FERTILIZER
BILL
H. WILSON, Thedford, says:

“Have bmen using Homestead Bone
Black Fertilizers for the past ten years
and can mecommend them as first
class. 1 helleve 1 got enough extra
straw to pay for the fertilizer and
some years, almost, If not fifty per
cent. more wheat per acre by its use,

Each year I sow a plece without
tertilizer and the difference bteween
the fertilized and unfertilized 18 so
great each year that I am fully con-
vinced it does not pay me to sOW
wheat without fertilizer.”

130 BUSHELS CORN PER ACRE..
ARCHIE DICK, Chatham, Ontario,

says:

I have used Homestead Bone Black
Fertilizer and can recommend it very
highly. I put one ton on eleven acres
for corn and although the ground was
peor, from that fleld 1 realized 130
bushels to the acre;

There wert other kinds of fertilizers
psed  in-our neighborhood, but they
dodn't prove as satisfactory - as the
Homestead."

_ Write’ Michigan Carbon Works, De-

rotl,. for free book and particulars

pout. their.- Homestead Bone: Black
Fertilizor. ; AEX
iin

BABY'S OWN TABLETS
~~ CURE _GONSTIPATION

Childhood “constipation. . can be
promptly cured by Baby's Own Tab-
lots, These Tablets never fail to
regulate tlie bowels and atomach thus
curing constipation, colic, ‘indiges-
tion and the many other minor ills of
fittle ones. Concerning them Mrs.
Lonfs "Nicole, St. Paul du Buton.
Quebec., writes: —"My baby suffered
from constipation but thanks to
Baby’s Own” Tablets he 8 & fine
healthy boy. to-day. It gives me
much pleasure in Jecopmenaing the
Tablets to other mothers” The Tab

lets are eold by medicine dealers or
by mail at 26 cents a box from The

‘The brig Dolphin of Nantucket,
owned and comthanded ‘by Captain
Abner Bideford, with his wife Mary
on board, wns making n voyuge from
Boston to Ondiz. The year was 1784.
There had been peace with England
for a year, but in granting the colonies
thelr independence the mother country
had (nsisted on the right to search any
American vessel In any water and at
any time. The pretense was that Eng-

(ipl subjects were continually desert-

{ng his majesty’s service and shipping
on American craft. It was thevefore
Captain Bideford's® plan to keep clear
of apy armed vessel flying the British
flag. He bad a crew of Nantucket
men, every one of whom had gerved in
the cause of liberty. and he began
worrying about what might happen
before he was 200 miles at sca. His
aifo saw that he was disturbed, and

if) | dl BR rd Vv :
ithat he was help Phare wan (0Peo
enough. behind. the officer to biek him
up in whatever he wikhed to do. The
men Ipoked appealingly at the eaptain,
but he turned awidy [n gorraw’ and de-
spalr. > > ri

For the last ten minutes Mary Bide.
ford had been watching the sky and
the British man-of-waur and hod: been
seemingly oblivious of what wus going
on beside her. She now turned to the
captain and quietly: said:

“Jost sort of carelessly squint Into
the southeast and tell me what you
goo” .

“By gosh, but {Us an oxeye squall
or I'm no sailor!” whispered Abner
after a look,

“That's what it 18, and they see It
aboard the frigate and have run up a
flag of warnin’. The men in the boat
can't see it, as they are on the wrong
glde, nnd the officer Is too! busy with
his conceit. If we can bold our men
ten minits, we can save them, You go
and talk to the mate and post him up,
and I'll have a few words with the of-
flcer.”

The officer was not averse to an ar-
gumentAvhile waiting. and Mary took
care to keep him Interested by nllow-
ing him to do most of the talking. She
was seeking to gain nine or ten min-

she sald: utes, and she succeeded. Then three

»Abner, when we left home 1 do be-
lleve that I forgot to fasten: the wood
shed door.”

“What's that to worry about?’: he
asked. 4 :

“Jest as much as your fear that we
may be overhauled. Let's wait until
we see a Britisher bearin’ down on us
before we git dizzy headed.”

But Captain Abner had just made his
noon observation when a sall was
sighted to the eastward. There was a
feoling from the first that she was a
British mnn-of-war. Half an hour—

later all doubts were dispelled. The |

stranger wns not only a man-of-war,
but. he had changed his course to meet
that of the brig.

“I told yon sol” exclaimed Captalp
‘Abner to Mary as he polnted to the dls-
tant sall. ;

«Yes, Abner; yon did,” she replied.

“xnd now he'll board and press two |

or three of the men, even though we
haven't got a half a one to spare.”

_ “Waal, it’s no use to give up.till we
bave to. I should keep right on and
pay no ‘tention to him.”

There had been a stiff breeze all the
forénoon, and the few clouds driving
overhead had a squally look to therm,

Captain Bideford’s first\ideén had been

to run away; but, realizing this would
provoke curiosity and pursuit; he de-
cided to stand of. As the craft neared
each other the man-of-wap kept all

fast and seemed about to passion with |

out notice. Of a sudden, however, he
fired a solid shot across the brig's hows
and hove into the wind.

“That means heave to and be board-
od!” shouted Captain Abuer as be pre-
pared to give the necessary orders.

#But don't you do anything of the
kind” protested Mary. ‘‘He'smo morc

right to stop you than you have to stop |

him.” ¢ -

“By Josh, then, but he'll blow us out
ot water!”

“Let him blow! "Abner, gou're no
man if yow give up licked toa Brit-

Jwlo has bin beaten in Wart”
“Ziihe Dolphin held her course. ~The
British captain brought his big craft
around in pursuit and opened fire with
his bow chasers, When his shot began
falling about thé brig, Captain Abner
and the crew were for brifiging her to,
but Mary shut her teeth together and
grimly said:

_ “Abner, If yon let that Britisher bord
you before he shoots away a mast IIL
not go back home to hear yon called a
coward, 2 Ni

So the Dolphin held on, though be-
fore she got out of range the shot
splashed. water on her deck She
| would ‘bave; eventually. made a clear
escape but for loss of the breeze, When
it dled. ‘completely out, the two craft
were three miles apart. The man-of-
war promptly lowered a boat with an

officer and six armed men to poy a

Dr. Williams’ Medicine 'Co., Brock-

ville, Ont.

2 a rial J

_ TIME FOR. SPRING CLEANING.
Thoughout Canada the disappearnce

of the snow. reveals. accumulations. of
ashes, garbage and- other refuse,

which, owing to. the covering mantle

are not visibla during the wine
this reason it 18 necessary that an out-

door“ clepning. up be ‘undertaken, as |
an indoor. To soeomplish this |
tically, . the: Fclean-up

ccensful In 1
Iities to adopt efficient.

surf you hadn't jnter-

fered, 1 migh e got oft without
3 »

anybody bein 8

0 Nantucket to-be sneered
“in_town. Jest you
us bad; but

nthin® may turn up.”

“uy

stfokeh nndin half an hopr, was, along:

side. the brig. The Ueutepant fil charge:

came over the followed, by threo

marines with londed muskets. He
the deck when b

!

are 1 hadn't interfered; you'd have |

boat came on with long, regniart

things happened all at once—the im-
pressed: men appeared on deck with
their bags, the frigute fired a gun, and
the squall came roaring down lke an
angry lion.

It was n miracle that the brig was
not dismasted at once. She ayent over
to leesynrd until her yardarms dipped,
gud only the loss of a portion of her
galls saved her from foundering out of
hand. In ten geconds daylight was

were shouts of terror and despair from
| every soul on deck. It seemed a long
five minutes before the Dolphin lifted
herself out of the fonm and went fly-
ing away before the wind, and as she
| started the boat which had been nlong-
| side with the three marines and four
snllors In It was seen’ floating bottom
up. ;

When the brig had been made snug,
| Captain Bideford looked abput him.
Mary was just freeing herself from the
lnshiugs which had saved her ffom go-
Ing overboard, and not a mann of the
crew had beerrlgst. Wiiat seemed like
retribution had overtaken the others,
however. The three marines had dis-
| appeared, and the lieutenant lay among
{the spare spars in an unconscious con-
dition. No one looked for the man-of-
war. While the fury-of the squall

 

followed by a breeze which ran-the
Dolphin below the horizon.

| “Wanpl. Abner,” sal Mary when
{things had been straightened out and
| the unconscious officer had been re-*
i moved fo the cabin for treatment,
| “mebbe youll believe In Providence
after this.”

The way of the potato was sald to
| have been barred by the prejudice that
it was never mentioned in thé Bible.
(nthe Lothians It came in about
1740, thie year of the’ famine, from Ire:
Innd, but was confined to gardens till
about 1704, When it was planted in
fields about Aberlndy. By the close of
the century it was a general article of
diet.

Ramsay says that Géorge Henderson
want about 1750 for a bag of potatoes
to Kilsyth, where, the Irish methodiof
field culture had lately been tried, and
introduced the potato into dMentieth,
where a few had been known, but only.
in kale yards. The old folks, however,
did not take kindly to'the new food.
Old George Bachop, one of the Ochter-
tyre tenants, when told by his wife
that she had’ potatoes” for’ supper said:
“rotties! Tattles! I never supped on
them a' my days and winni the nicht.
Gle them to the herd and: get me
sowens.” It is significant that Burns,
who gang the praised of kalo and por-
ridge and haggis. should have nothing
to sny of, the potato. — Blackwood's
Magazine. Li Fb

———

Early Prejudice Against Potatoes.

 

~" Pantomime Perfarmnnees.

Most pantomine characters Were
originally borrowed from the Ttallany.
The first real Easlih pantomime wus
produced at a theater in Lincoln's Inn"
Flelds In 1720. It was called “Harle-
quin Executed,” and'its subtitle’ was.
“A Ney Italian Comic Scene Batween'
a Scaramouche, a. Harlequlii; a Coun-
try. Farmer, His Wife and Others.”
The performante Was very successful
“About the middle of tbe eighteenth
century. the chffracter of pantomime
performances was completely altered,
éblefly because of the, gend! flier]
famous Grimaldi, who made the clown
the first figure In the pantomime. Gri

Western Business C
* “WINDSOR'S CLASSY SCHOOL”

This Is the ADVANCE NOTICE of our BIG S
will commence Miy 16t and extend thropgh June, July and August.

The business men of Windsor, Walkerville, Ford and
the WESTERN for their expert office help. Youn,

positions. formerly held by young men.
DO YOUR BIT!

Course student in Belfast, Ireland.

THIS IS THE ONLY COLLEGE WEST OF TORONT!
CONDUCTS A SUCCESSFUL SUMMER SESSION.
THE EIGHTH SESSION.

y, - ;
Other Colleges close—some early in June, for Inc!
students come to us—several have sent word already.

it's a pleasure to attend the Western.

We do business on a Ilnvge scale.

CESS.

out of his six months’ course.

WE MAINTAIN STRICT DISCIPLINE. REPORT ABSENTEES.
AND CLOSE OUR DOORS AT NOON:

Success Is written large at'the Weatary, Notice how other schools watch
ff tp stifle the ambition of young

us. No old Pessimists on our Teaching
people. Everybody Is an OPTIMIST.”

SHORTHAND SYSTEMS:—There are just three worthy of the attention
of any: intelligent student—GREGG, PITMAN AND GRAHAM. Toronto col-

leges teach Pitman ard,Graham; London colleges teach Gregs and Pitman;
was spent after half an hour, it was | Detroit colleges teach Gregg, Pltman’'and Graham;

, |Last week we had five positions to give away, and we advertised. We
received five applications and four of these were from students who write &
system called Pernin. Three of the four, were {dle—looking for a ‘Job—
wafting for a chance, and the fourth—a mother informed up, was clorking
In & Ten-Cent store after spending seven months on her course... YOU NEVER
SEE GREGG STUDENTS AT HOME or WAITING FOR A JO ;

: i 2 x 2
Colleg:

SHSMON, whieh
Ojibway depend ww? 5)
g women are now filling the :

EVERYDODY SHOULD WORK! LET US

PREPARE YOU FOR A GOOD SALARY. YOUR

INCREASE THE WEALTH OF THE NATION! ENROLL TO:
DAY! “IF YOU CAN'T ENLIST, ENROLL."

ENROLLMENTS ARE COMING QUICKLY :
ronto, Sturgeon Falls, Hamilton; North Bay, London,
Michigan, Vancouver, Dresden, and all local towns,

EARNINGS

We have students from To-
Port Arthur, Indi
together with a

0 THAT.
THIS IS

e—including a
neerts, No USE FOR

turned Into semidarkness, and there } oTHER SCHOOLS TO ATTEMPT TO CLAIM EQUALITY WITH US.

small.

Our students are infected with our
OPTIMISM—they ‘work under the direct supervision of expert teachers—all
important work is done in the college clags-rooms, THIS INSURES sSUC- .
Some colleges permit thelr students to loiter around the closs-rooms dur-
ing noon hour—and they “copy” all thelr work from the books of other .stu-
dents, and students from the school tell us that the principal rewards the
deception by allowing them to go and roam about the streets the greater part
of the afternoon. One father told us recently that lis son lost FOUR months

the “Western” te

nclies
Gregg and Pitman, so you will see we are in GOOD company. 3

_. Gregg gets

il

k of business.” Their _-
’ Our Summer Session
permits them to take advantage of our SUPERIOR TRAINING. and got. gc-
customed to MODERN BQUIPMENT—besides they have access to OUR FREE

EMPLOYMENT SERVICE and secure GOOD positions Instead of ‘going home.”
THE WESTERN IS A PROGRESSIVE SCHOOL WITH A
OLEAN RECORD, A"BRIGHT OUTLOOK AND A BIG BUSINESS.

= wi

SUCCESS IS ASSURED.

Our NEW location—Auditorfum Hall, Ouellette Avenue, makes the finest
college’ premises in the Provinée—everything complet
hall and stage for special college lectures and colloge col

Lyou the! “heavy” pay envelope, YOU CAN PICK A HIGH-G DE SCHOOL»,

BY ITS TEXT-BOOKS—Nothing safer.

SPEAK LOUDER THAN WORDS.

The advertising and methods of some business colleges tend to lower the
standing of the profession. It becomes the DUTY of a HIGH-GRADE school
to call the attentionwof the public to some of these “shady” methods. A' col:
lege that engages In dishonest advertising is not likely to exert'a very. good
fnfluence on its students—and the MORAL influence of a school must always
be considered. sProbably yon have noticed the large black type in some: col
lege advertisements: “Ask our, pupils about our school”—and do yon know
that the pupils are actually paid $56.00 or $10.00 for securing other victims:

WE DO NOT PAY STUDENTS—WHAT THEY SAY IS VOLUNTARY.

During the past few weeks we have placed many graduates but the
HONORS fall to Miss Frances Adams, of Harrow, whom we placed im Detroit’
at $15.00 weekly, ‘We are proud of Miss Adams, and of all our students.

REMEMBER: —Tt {5 not, necessary to walt until May ist
Start any day—hut. start early. INDIVIDUAL

IS. McALLUM, Prin.

' Box 56. WINDSOR, Ont.

USE CEMENT

Write for satnlog

y The eficiency.of §
used.- Prictical tes
efficient and economical.

point is the Cemert Tile wi
reason {8 that Cemont Tile

For one thing, Cament ae {8 frost and weatherproof. Another

tile. .

Careful Drainage means Better Crops.
and Increased value ‘to the land. Drained land
and ‘ensier, and _prodiices more. Drainage {8 the best i

you can make.

Another student informs us that a
young: lady school teacher who did a little teaching and much “blowing” for
a college, completed her course recently and returned to her old profession—
teaching. OUR PUBLIC SCHOOL TEACHERS GO TO THE JOB. FACTS

INSTRUCTION.

drainage depends upon the nature of the tile
ave proven Cement Tile is br far the most

actually get better with age. A third =
Shape and thick: Js

than clay

always uniform
ness of walls, Yet—Cement Tile Is as cheap, or cheaper,

can be worked earlier
vestmant

~y 14
Nd

 
