  

Bo figs et

  
    
     
   
  

 

EES

CANADIAN NEWS.

Joseph E. Houiy, of Louth town-

January 26th
ship, died from libod-poisoning, re-
sulting from using » shaving brush

AS
i
made of badger's fair,

’ James McLeod, dected president of
A the West Northumberland Board of
Agriculture, sald the time had come
when farmers should enlist.

Wong Ham; 20, was arrested at
Montreal on a charge of setting fire
to Lee Sing’s laundry because Sing
refused to give Ham money

Lorne Mubbfll, who was Liberal
candidate for the Commons for West

 

 

   

The Peps way of treating

coughs, colds, bronchitis and lung
i und throat troubles. How 7 Well,
up to now people with these chest
and throat troubles have swal.
lowed cough mixtures, sickly
syrups and .the like, into their

stomachs. Sore lungs-and throat Hastings In the last Federal election,
get no good by dosing the stom- has enlisted with an Ottawa bat
tch. Peps work ci {erently. tallon.

Peps arc tublets mtd up of Pine North ~~ Wellington Conservatives

ciitracts nnd med ciel essences,
vhich when put into the mouth
urn into healing vapors. These
are breathed down direct to the
¥ lungs, throat and bronchial tubes
—not swallowed down to the
stomach, which ts not ailing, ry
Ey a Sic. box of Peps for your cold,

passed a resolution suggesting the
enactment of a “dudicious form of
conscription in order to make sure ot
winning the war,”

The body of Noah Dann was found
In the burned ruins of a shed In
which he lived on the south slde of

 

   
  
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
    
  
   
   
  
   
   
 
 
  

. children were brought to tl e¢ home of
1 council in 1892, when Windsor was gh. ens ors Jn i LE I he ul: of
; 4 ; itl a the Trent River, in the northern part made a city o ecense y alex. Beneteau an
i your cough, bronchitis or as an - of Northumberland connty, 1 y. Gi Felix Renaud, and marched in proces.
3 All druggists and Le or Peps S. J. Williams, president of the He was also a member of the slon ‘both at the home and at church.
2 Co., Toroate, will supply Kitchener branch of the Canadian | Windsor water commission and took emmm——— They were the

Patriotic fund, has resigned, becnuse
It is sald of the defeat of the British
League candidates for the city coun-

 

 

 

 

 

 

On pleading guilty before Magis tuition, Services were conducted by

#| cll and its platform in the recent mu. | Wich gaol. ~=— | trate Breault at Sandwich to having | Fr. Entery and Fr. Loiselle, burial was

7 nicipal elections, in which he took an Deceased formerly conducted gd liquor on his premises, Jake McGee, | 10 the cemetery adjoining the church,
iy | | active part. stone-cutting establishmenr. and oract- of the Brighton Beuch hotel, Sand. | the pallbearers being three nephews
4 ~ An Inquiry is to be held in London | ed many monuments in cemeteries in | wien West township, was fined $200 J of the deceased from Detroit and
f ¥ a p by Col. .F. W. Marlow, Lieut.-Col.  H. [all parts of the county. and costs or three months in gaol, | three _Anderdon young men: Tancred
L. Milligan and. Lieut-Col. F. S. He ‘bdcame an expert and enibas: | Provincial Officers Smith and Hannah | Renaud, Leo Louzon, Lowrence Pie.

THE UNDERFED Patel into the complaints arising | jastic lawn bowler, being a member | and High Constable J. L. Smith told | ard, Dolphus Droulllard, Eddie Me-

from the wholesale rejections of men |e (ha Sandwich club and « repuwis of going In search of liquor a rew | liche and Hector Bezaire. The casket

How Children of the Ignorant of the 118th Battalion prior to the re- attendant of the various tournaments. | nights 2go and how on tearing up part | Was 3matliprad frien Jorar offerings,

Are Robbed of Oatmeal moval of the unit from London have His death caused widesprend reg of the floor in the dining room (hey | Mute evidence ‘of the esteem ;of

a led to numerous criticisms of the: med- throughout the county, and a streqr found two gallons of wine aud one gal- friends. i

it A canvass made among the Intelligent [4cal inspection. of county afficials called to pay their | lon of whiskey. Mary Louise, second daughter of
#howa that seven homes in eight serve | Applications for passports fioF | just respects. Arrested by Canadian immigration.| Mr. and Mrs. A, T. Laframbolse, pass

catmenl. Among thedgnorant smother can. Canada, and for other places, are be Funeral services were held Monday | officials for attempting to leave ‘the |ed away Saturday night last at the

3 yay Bows thas en ein home in twelve Ling gerutinized in England closely [| morning is Assumption church, Sand- | coumrtry, 16 Austrians, “held. by the | 98¢ of 16 years, following four
ol Dic baranns Bais fare grow up incu now. Persons between sixteen and | wich. The funeral was largely At | Government to be enemy aliens, were weeks’ illness with typliold fever.‘She
y= y Nature stores in ofits ‘more encrgy food, | 8IXty years of bath. sexes, who are flitended, representatives of the county | fined $20 each and costs in Windsor was taken {ll while attending St. Jos
iiss more brain food, more nerve food than in | kely to be of use In munition mak- llns well as of Windsor and Sandwich | police court Mondny. After being | @Ph's ‘Academy, Amherstburg. and was ;
aay other grain that grows. That's why | ing or any other form of national |, ouncils and police forces being pres. | registered and photographed the Aus. | brought home on the 18th of Decem-

children crave oatmea,. There is nothing; service, have little chance of obtaining | wnt, Rev. Fr. Cote, of Assumption | trians were permitted to go back to ber just. She seemed to be making a

re dts place, which jt doesn't pay to | Permission to proceed to other parts | hurch, sang requiem high mass. In: | work in Windsor and Walkerville, | B0od recovery until Saturday night,

be careless, There Fis very Wide BnTer of the Empire. 4 > twrment was made fn- Assumption | Magistrate Leggatt warned them they ywhen she complained of a pain in her

ence jn oat {oods—a difference in richness Nicholas McMillen, tlie 11-year-old cemetery. The following were the © virtually prisoners of wer and on | Stomach, and her death was very sud-

/ and food value.. Don't'serve the common | son of Thomas McMullen, of the town= active pallbearers: Police Magistrate second offense, would probably be in- | den. it is supposed that her heart or

Be fhe. richest, plumpest. grains are ship of Clarke, while playing with his Kiugene Breault, Mayor Edward H. | car erated in a military: prison. abscess
4 i KL. pi 8 xr 5

cousin, Lawrence Savory, in the stable,
was fatally injured when young Sav-
ory attempted to demonstrate how his
uncle pitched-hay, The prong of the
fork struck the McMullen lad in the
forehead just above the eye. He died
a fow hours later without
consciousness,

Fire which broke out a few minutes
after 9 o'clock Saturday evening

used 1m Quaker Oats.
by 62siftings. Only ten Founds are obtain
ed from a bushel. "Phe result is a food rich
in all.the oat elements—the utmost in o
mesle Yet the cost to you Js but one
cent per dish. -
dade in Canada (ry

L. BERTRAND
FUNERAL DIRECTOR

They are selected

pt
te

  

P!
Dy
regaining | .

(
Hi

 

 

 

  

appointment

Donnelly, O. Desrosiers, William Mur-

piillbearers. were William

   
 

 
 
 

 
  
 

    
   
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
 

   

THE AMHERS 1 90RG ECHO

Mrs, I. H. A. Davis Is on the sick
list.

Frank Harmon's three-year-old son
foll on the floor Sunday and. broke his
collar bone. Hoe was standing on a
chair and lost, his balance. His grand-
father made a grab to catch him, but
Just succeeded in getting hold of the
boy's arm, so that he turned part way
round and struck his shoulder on the
floor, He is getting along nicely,

The great respect in which the Inte
Antoine Vermette was held in the
community was hown in a marked
degree by the large number who at-
tended his funeral Saturday morning.

In addition to neighbors and friends
from far and near and many relatives

 

JOHN HARMON DIES,

| 4
Essex county gaol lost ts governor HAVE YOU
on PFridey in the death of John Har-
mon, who in 1906 superseded William ECZE MA °

J. Sparks In that position.
Would you llka to end that ter

Mr. Harmon was In rugged health
until Inst fall, when his physicians dis

rible itching, that burning pain; to
Leal those horrid sores?

covered tnat one of the valves of his

heart, was leaking. He failed rapldly

In weight and strength and in the You have tried all gorts of fatty

early winter was compelled to take ointments, lotions and powders, Put
them nnldo now and give Nature a

chance ns represented by Zam-Buk.

to his bed. Despite the best medical
attention and the faithful minlstra-

Zanm-Duk 1s mado from herbal es-
gsonces; is a natural healer, Is not

tions of his wife, the governor grad-
fomething you have to send to the

ually declined and his death Friday
was not unexpected,
Surviving are two sons, Harry E, end of the world for, and pay a
teller. in the Home Bank, heavy price! Every druggist will
Sandwich, and Stanley Harmon, both sell you Zam-Buk and for 50c. only.

 

 

 

ANDERDON.

 

 

     

Harmon,

of whom lve a. home, and two Just give it a falr trial and inel- | from surrounding towns and cities,
daughters. dently give yourself ease by the [the presence of nearly all the children

Mr. Harmon cutie to Windsor ovo quickest route, See name on box:— | from School Section No. 6, (n which
a5 Naas RHO Te 7 SIiGoes To only Mr. Vermette had taught for twenty-

took an active pert In miuwcipal af

nine years, was very noticeable, The
fairs and wa member ol the eiry

school flag flew at half mast. These

  

 

  

grandchildren and
great grandchildren of those who had
attended school under Mr. Vermette's

I aetive part in every provi
federal election up to {he
as

wial anil
tine of his
governor of Sand

WINDSOR,

 

  
 

 

 
 

 

 

 
 

 

The
| men will be required to report every
week to Chief of Police Wills,

The marriage of Miss Catherine
Scgtland, = daughter of Mr, and Mrs,
John Scotland, and Pte, Jay Cochran,
of the 241st Battalion, took place, in
the manse of St. Androws Preshyter-
lun ‘ehiurch on Monday evening, Janu-

ary 15th, Rev. H. M, Paulin perform.

complications hastened the
end. The funeral took place Tuesday
morning to the R. C, church, Loiselle-
ville, far requiem mass, and hurial
wis In the Lolselleviile cemetery, the
pallbearers being Martin and Norman
Gibb, Wallace Meloche, Burns Odette,
Alphonse Knapp and Julius Gignac.
Surviving her are her parents, sister
Corrine and br-thers Raymond and

hy, Eugene Prince and John Maren-
tte, all of Sandwich. The honorary
Hanrahan,
atrick Hanrahan, Sheriff D'Avignon,
r. J. A. Smith, Judge John O. Drom-
le, Dr. J. O. Reaume, Dr. G. R
Ickshank, Chief Blias Wills, BE. G.
:nderson, W, C, Kennedy, Alfred

 

 

 

 

+
in | wWigle, Col. E. S. Wigle and 0. B. [ing the ceremony. The bride, who | Henry, to all of whom the sincere | 4
RACTIOCAL Embalmer, Murray St. the basement of the store of the Can- Flleming, A <number of relatives of | was married In her travelling sult, | Sympathy of the community, will be
Amherstburg Day or Reh adlan Smallwares Company on Front {the deceased from™out of the city looked very sweet. She was, attend- | extended.
a Spe 2 street, Strathroy, completely gutted were present. ed by her sister, Miss Josle Scotland, ———
; the premises, and spreading east and 4 ll and Thomas Findlay was best man. | i
ie west, caused a loss of between $50,- The bridal party went from the church

000 and $60,000. Phe buildings de-

dtroyed are all owned by Edward
Rowlands. private banker, and it Is
understood that the losses: are fully
covered by insurance,

   
      
      

 

CHAS. LEGGETT

ao

 

 

struck by No. 39, ¢ fast passcnger
train.’ His body-was terribly mangled.
Deceased Is survived by his widow,
his father and a brother living In
Indianapolis, Ind. Mr. Hall wns about
37 years of age, and prior to entering
the rallroad service was a commercial,

the

 
      
  
     
       
     
   

 

 

 

The South Jersey Farmers’ Ex-

i
RAILWAY

      

dividend of 100” per’ cent. and an

 

 

por S | Events of the season. The  gihests I'not having called for the butter, the
1 ~ Eo , ¢ per cent. cosh dividend. Were entertained by Mr. Ives’ new clerk began to ger anxious and
ih a SPECIAL Fares now in effect Miss Nellie M. Dunn, a young school | Wictrola. . After the usual number of (thought he would look into the bas-
¥ : resorts in Florida, Georgia teacher, and Roland Williams, music Euesteg were Played they Wore Grated kets. He removed the top paper andl
S i is-] Instructor, were shot and killed at ‘very, appetizing lunch. After | yaw pound’ prints nicely ‘wrapped in
: North and South Carolina, Loui Oklahome. City. . John M. Couch, a |S was pirtaken of Urey went homa dairy wrappers, but on faking*out one
jana and other Southern States, brother-in-law’ of Miss Dunn, was |in > re happy mood. A print discovered that 1t was tallow fn.
: a . ; ho ders, Mis May Feltz an Miss Annie | stead of butter, Tallow fs nine cents
and to Bermuda and the West | arrested charged with the mur Amonfter
— Nee ~——— lave arrived home safely af-| a pound, and the woman had made
Indies. | / Ler spending the first part of the win. $9.30 on the transaction, less the price
* SOLDIER KILLED te aD F | > transaction, less the price
“nd. Miss Feltz came over the | of the two baskets. The clerk i
RD ENGINE. | nd ha . The clerk has
Return Limit May 3st, 1917 BY YARD same trip ag your correspondent, and | given up looking for the man from
” Shocking Accident at Union Station, duspite b flerce blizzard was blowing, | Kitchener, but is still peering into the "
D Troop Train— | “1° 4¢id the ordeal like a seasoned faces of the women from the farms, } ’
: LIBERAL STOP OVERS ALLOWE Attar Re op Engine | YS!€MN and started on a three-mile| trying to recognize the woman who ANNUAL MEETING
+ For full informution wht te) NING Shrouded With ‘Steam. hike for home when she landed on the sold him tallow and called it butter.- ,
Union Station, Toronto, Ont. sland. 1 th ff holy Rodney Mercury. yz.
A.W. MARSH, GT. R. Agont, Amhorstburg or f the worst accidents in. the * Y4lee Cornet band, true to thelr Bh
« Ont. Phono 6 or 1g. ne o : old

history of the Unfon station, Toronto,
occurred Sunday as a troop train
bearing five hundred soldlers was pull-
ing jout for the enst. Lieut.-Colonel
William Campbell MacDonald, briga-
dier attached to the headquarters stafy

 

the

 
    

 
     
   

0 Sem
OTR

     
    
   
    
  

      

 
 
      

through the train shed. Four other

    
   

 
  

persons sustained injuries and a score hy
IX Li Or more narmuwly escaped a similar [|
AP fate.
QURS, TRAPS, BPORTING GOODS The injured are: Frank Lewarn, 87
, JONN HALLAM, Limited Perth avenues, Toronto, juries to
408 HALLAM BLDG. TORONTO. back; Earl Jenkins, 1073 Bathurst

 

     
     
  
    
     
 
  

street, Toronto, arm fractured; Isaac
B. Lucas, 274 Russell Hill road, Torons
to, and Benjamin Cameron, head in:
Jured.

“+ The body of Colonel MacDonald was
extricated from benoath the rear axle

of the tender, under which- Lewarn
was also pinned.

Engineer John Ross and Fireman
Charles Farner, both of Sarnia, were

placed undér arrest on a charge 8f
manslaughtar,

  
    

{Make Your Home
Comfortable By

   
  
    
    
    

finan

 

Placing your order with us

  
   
    
   
   
 
  
 
   

 
 
   
  
  
  
   
    
   
 

 

    

Patrick J. Hickey, signal operator adn
y —FOR— in Cabin A, Wis later arrested. 1
J g a Took Her At Her Word. fered
DOUBLE WINDOWS, “What's the matter with young | ture
Mrs. Gaddor?”
y PORCHES and | “She's broken-hearted nnd says Mr.
¢ Gadder no longer loves her.”
STORM DOORS. “Why does she think that?” od to
“She wrote a letter to Santa Claus certif)
All orders will receive asking for a cet of fore, and gave ft place
. | to him to mail” ment.
¥ our prempt attention. “Well 2"

“He mailed fr.”

CATARRH CANNOT BE CURED
with LOCAL APPLICATIONS, as they
cannot reach tie seat of the disease.
Catarrh is a dood or constitutional
disease, and iv order to cure it you
| must take internal remedies. Hall's
Catarrh Cure is taken internally, and {| boom
acts directly on the blood and mucous | ¢nsily
surfaces. Hall's Catarrh Cure is. not | denly
a quack mediche. It was prescribed
by one of the bist physicians of this
cluntry for and is a regular
prescription. J {g composed of the

‘best once knywn, sopibised with the
. best. Pirifiers, acl directly
em: lon the mi surfaces. The perfect

De- | combing ‘the i

a U produces such. won

8 curing catarrh. - Send

 

   
 

LMAO

. Lumber Yard

  
   
   
  
  
   
 
  
 

comes

   
   

work.

     
 
  

  

for| The
= I'nomin:

 

£ : : Your correspondent has arrived | happy evening was spent

GRADUATE OPTICIAN. Harry G. Hall, 8 Michigan Central {50 cote. Everything seems about =e SINASAC GRAIN CO.
Ninetoon yoars experience. Hundreds of sass | Drakeman, residing at Lyndhurst, © a lie same with the exception that the A SLICK TRICK.
Ged patients who are living testimonins | suburb of St. Thomas, was instantly ! has again formed In the South a Proprietors -
Sxolusive Optioal Parl: rs, Main B4.,Kiniweville | yjjjed ot Fargo late Satprday after- Bay Saturday afternoon, a woman, muf.

Issuer of Marriage Licenses. noon. The unfortunate man os Work; live boating is on full blast, Walter fled up to the eyes, for it was a cold
©. P. R. Wicket Agent. ig frgtnd Mls train, and when ne | wes, accompanied by J. T. Lidwil, duny, drove up in front of one of the =
stepped’ on the adjacent: track was muule-a flying trip to North Bass and

arrived home safely.

encountered some bad ice, they never-

theless. had a very enjoyable time.
Owing; to the new order4n-council,

granted! unless the proprietor emplay-

» of Kitchener
traveller. a > rer, hs aise don Tum- | (the clerk has forgotten the man's —
x L ore it you not be e to rent | name, but that does not make , an -
7 Art ’ iS : the halli unless you are a fiddler. Nuff difference), who vas going home 22 Car of Wire Fénce now on hand.
) D AMERICAN NEWS. Sed. i Svssls no | thes four o'clock train, and would he .
— Mps2 enry Spaulding was the | (the clerk) mind advancin her the Ask<for prices.
DR. WwW, H. McBRIDE, A New York baby. dying with | 8uest off Mrs. Albert Rodgers last Fri- price of the butter, and i from a 3
Veterinary Surgeon. group was saved by a policeman call] day affiernoon.. The two ladies com. | Kitehonor would pay for it when he
Offico Sid NT a paibauslo strect south ed from the street, who administered ne business with pleasure hy pl called. The glerk went to the back «of
year Rios y oc] 3 hi . Jin, A Is of carpet ri Ide 3 C 0 pts
] first aid while a physician was be. 8 14 balls of carp Ags bealdes | the cutter and took the two baskets of
phone No. 142 Calls pnswored doy © night. This ply fooling two pairs of socks for the So

diers;,

3 and brought the woman out $12 for
change, co-operative, meeting at Pitt-| Thee progressive pedro party at the | the butter, thirty pounds. About
i SY man, New Jersdy, declared a stock | Done of Frank Ivesigvas one of the

winter months

P¥ogressive pedro club. Invitation fee
to be ome dollar; admission to be 50 |p,
cents per couple,

J J : ] Oronge Hall, Leamington, on Tuesday

x! " lunch After the prospective members | of Inst week at which there was a . 2 5
RYAN at the Bxubifion Carp, Was |nstantly looked the matter over they decided to folk attendance, The toners ¥ a ship of Pelee on Tuesday, the 6th 5
Vo fh killed by a" light engifp backing eat their own lunch, e :

The annowncesment made by Sir id v
[Themns White, Minister of Finance, of a DL Cp Ble Wa
an issue of- saving ‘certificates matur- Noble Leamington
Ing In three years inidenominations of | * ht, ;
twenty-five dollars, fifty dollars and
one hundred dollars. will be welgomed
by the patriotically disposed for the
reason that it will give the investor,
an opportunity of

and relivving the Imperial Treasury of | at the anny
the buricn of carrying a heavy credit ternoon in
for the purchase

The prices at which the issue is of-
any time, and therefore, liquid assets,

will be commended.
Two distinct benefits may be expect-

   

for the small Investo
providing for = Canadn's war outlay;
and In the second,
incentive to thrift
ual saving.

labored under the saspicion of being a
spendthrift : nation

pecially 80 In the west

appreciation

and
lary necuned through toil and hard

Empire which may accrue it the issue
of these certificates teaches us the ad
vantage of thr: and economy fn pe;
dients | sonal expenditu® it will be of perma;
erful re- | ent natiolad ad y

PELEE ISLAND.

  

Lo the home of the bride's parents, 58
McE avenue, where a surprise 6
Walter Ives was the guest of your | party ited them. “A Targe number ”

 
   
   
  

rrespondent last Friday ‘evening.

  

riends were present and a

 

  
  
 
    
   
     
  

 

town stores, and seeing. a man-walk|.
Ing by on the sidewalk asked him to be
kind enough to tell a clerk in the
store to come out for two baskets of
butter. The clerk coming out, the wo-

man stated that she had two baskets
of butter for Mr, ——

DEALERS IN
Grain, Hoes, Live Stock,
Cement, ‘Lime and Flour

Although they

poail room license would not be

 

  

The Windsor & Pelee Island} -
Steamship Co, L'td.

butter [nto the store, weighed them,

ptrain time, the man; from Kitchener

 

       
 
 
  
  
  

      
     
    

      

         
 
   
 
  

 

  
  
  

Uriditions, seeing that the

  

long
would begin to pall on
young people, decided to start a

 
 
  
 
   
 

DISTRICT ORANGEMEN MEET
AND ELECT THEIR OFFICERS

 
 
   
   

The Annual General Meeting of
Shareholders” of this .Company. will
be held atthe Town Hall in the Towa-

 

North Ridge, District No. 3, L. O.
. held their annual meeting in the

   
    
   
   
  
  

ladies to Supply

   

keep thelr money

elected to fll the oMces for tlie ensu-
play pedro at

ing year: District Mester, Bro. Thiso,
Coates, Bssex; D.D.M., Bro, S. R. Ad-
ame, Leamington; Chap. Bro, Fred.
Corbett, Cottam; Rec. Sec, Bro. J.
:| Kruspe, Leamington; Win, Sec., Bro.
C. Vance, Cottem; Treas. Bro. J. B.

héir pocket and
e,

  
  
  
  
   
     

  
  
   
  

 
  
   
   
        
 
  
 

day of February next at 30 minutes ||
past 2 o'clock im the afternoon.
© NORMAN MCCORMICK, Sec.

Dated this 10th, day of Jannry 1917.

NOTICE TO CREDITORS.

[AN the Estateof Joseph Holbert, late
of the Town of Amherstburg, de
ceased.

Tako Notice that all areditars of and those
having claims against tho ostage of the said)
Jomeph Holbert, who died on the fourth day’
of duly, 1916,are required on.or before the nine-
teenth day of February, WIZ, to send by post
propaldy or deliver to James B. McLeod, 2)
b ix Bullding. Windsor.Ont.. Solicitor for tho
oxeaulrix, Charlotte Miller, full partioulars of |-
their claims, verified by cath, and the nature
of tho security, if any. held by them.

And that after the Inst named dato tho ox:
ecutrix will procood to distribute the nasols of
the decoas among the parties entitled
thereto, having regard only to the claims of
which notice shal ve boon vod, and
the said executrix will not bo linble to any

otioo shall not hav:
Do rnc ovagcialm notice shall not have

Men: JAMES B. McLEOD,
Solicitor for tho Admindstratrix,

Charlotte Miller,
Windsor, (th January. 1017

NOTICE.

2 -— 5
t : ’

ENCOURAGING THRIFT.

 

 

       
  
 
   

 

 

Bro: W. C.

WINDSOR AGRICULTURAL SO-
CIETY. :

  

  

 

 
     
 
   
   
    
   
      
  
   
   
  
  
   
 
  
  
  
  

     
   
  
 

     
   
   
    
      
     
      

 

 

dq F. 'W. Johnson, of Walkerville, was
assisting in the re-glocted president of the Windsor
cing of Canada's war expenditure | 4nd North Essex ‘Agricultural Society
al meeting on Saturday af-

] the city hall, Windsor. Mr.
of munitions in Can-{ Johnson had sorved two years,” and

{ desired to step aside, but he was
persuaded to nccept the office again.
the following is a full list of officers:
Hon. President, O. J. Wilcox, M.P.;
Hon, Vice-Presidents," James Ander-
son and Gordon McGregor; Patrons,

J. O. Reaume, Harry Mosfer and DD.
result from the Jssuing of these | H. Bedford: Patronesses, Mrs. C. W.

cates. In the first place it will Cadwell, Mrs. W. W, Lanspeary and

at the disposal of the Govern. . Wilkinson; President, F.
‘a considerable sum of money] Ww Tarmer First Vice-President, J,
rs to assist in|, Reaume; Second ‘Vice-President, Al-

bert Dumouchelle; Secretary, George
Meisner; Auditors, F. J. Holton and
James Templeton; Honorary Direc-
tors, Mayor Tuson, Mayor Hoare,
Mayor Monereull, Mayor Donnelly,
has been ee- | Mayor Woollatt and the Warden of

when In. the | the county; Directors, C. H. Smith,
days of prosperity money “was | Mac Campbell, T. Carter, J. L. Rea

made, and hence those who sud- | y O. M. Perry, H. J. "McKay, David
grow rich did not have that full | Ure, J. R. Hewon Colin SER BE.

of money value which |B, Winter, Col. Wigle, colm Clapp,
from saving from wages J. C. Scofield, A. fo F app.

sop, C. C. Chauvin,, ce Renaud,
(and A. E. Taylor. Mayor Tusa
the members of thi

   
  

 

  
  
    
     

  

 

are most attractive and the fea-
of making these redeemable at

   
    
  
  

 
    
  
   
 

     
  
    
  

     
 
    
 
   
 
    
   
    
  

it will act as an
and greater fndivid-
For too long Canada has

 

   

   
    
 

; this

 
 

   
  
  
 

    
 

You are hereby notified that there |
will be a goneral meeting of the
shareholders of the Canadian Two In
One Auto Co, Limited, at the Council
Chamber, Town Hall, Amherstburg, at|
|2 o'clock P.M., an Monday, February

Sth, 1917, for the purpose of complet- |

 
 
 
  
   
      
   

    

Apart from any benefit to the

{ssue Is being ma

made in th
that will spp

  

 

riled fooled sfeeotoe

bbl tbh bd eobelerierdedeb ob beefed deel oe oe boob deel fof

a

 

Itids the accurate blending of Ontario Fall Whe

     

NY 4
ThePropriclaryor teal Medicine,

AVesetable Preparation forAs.
Similating fhe Food an
ling Ihe Stomarhs and Bowelsor

     
  

Always
Bears the

 
    

      

 

Promotes Digestion Cheerfit
ness and Rest. Contains neither
Opium.Morphine nor Meral,
NoT NARCOTIC.

Sie of 01d De SOATLIITOER

 
   

 

 

ONG,

 

     
       

Worms, Convulsions. Feierish
ness and LOSS OF SLEEP:

FacSimit Signature of i
V7 4 A |

Tue Centaur COMPANY: !
MONTREALLNEW YORK

CERCA DO S

P

    

GASTI

 

following. :

 

Liigk.

thick.
Panel Onk Veneer Doors,
2 Papel Birch Veneer Doors,

Kentucky Ouk for

et ——

Erom one million to
million feet White Rine

CONKLIN PLANING MILLS -

DEALERS IN LUMBER, LATH, LIME,

  

~

 

HOw often there is occasion to send
tender sentiment that it can only be expressed in Flowers,
You are constantly taking advantage of this means
of expressing your love, gratitude, esteem or friendship.
Do you realize that it-is to your advantage to place
your order for Flowers with a reliable Florist;
We guarantee that the most simple FLORAL OFFERING
executed by uswill be worthy of its purpose. ¥

TU N 'S "46-48 Ouellette Ave, Windsor
R= Phones 348-339-460

a message of such

End matched Hard Maple flooring 7.8
End matched Hard Maple Naar ing

End matched Ook flooring 7.8 thicky
End matched Oak Neoring, 3-8 thick,

100 Pino Doors, ditferent designs

interior fish
Southern Rine for jplorior finish.
Spruee and Southern Pine floorin

Hemlock always instock.

 

Kingsville, Ont

SHINGLES, & CEDAR. POSTS
orl chobrdeeoforfe deporte Fobbebobrbded bd dedesrtedeb bob de ofl ede d

For oud a nd
Mothers Know That
Genuine Castoria

Use
For Over
Thirty Years

Aik bebe kbd deb debe dob de oboe soe

HOUSE BUILDERS ATTENTION

We are carrying in stock for immediate delivery the

Baad a pi od pT RO AROPY Fob ddbdb dtd bb bd

 

w=

=

[4

two
and

    
       
           
          
         
    
       
       
 
 

 

  
        
  
   

 
    
    
        
         

 

      
 
   
      
    
   
    
 
  

 

  

  
  
     
         
 
  
   
     
  

         
   

       
  

        

            
   

   
     
   
  

 
    
    
   
 

          
        

 
  

 
 
   
  
   

 

proper proportion of Western Hard
wheat that makes

“GOLD MEDAL FLOUR"
The Best Flour for Baking.

You will find it just a little better than you expected.

Manufactured by?

T.R. FLOOD,

Wholesale Dealer in Grain and Seeds.
HARROW, ONTARIO. pe

at with a

     
   
  
 
 
   
 
    
  
  
 
 
    
 
     
   
    
      
     
   
 
     
    
        
  
   
  
 
   
  
   
    
 
  
 
  
 
