&

 

 

ha

 

 

 

        
  
    

  
 

 

RUBBER uli»

 

Canadian Consolidated Rubber Co. Limited

Largest Manufacturers of Rubber Goods in the British Empire

' EXECUTIVE OFFICES
“SEVEN LARGE, UP-TO-DATE MANUFACTURING PLANTS IN CANADA

! 38 “SERVICE” BRANCHES AND WAREHOUSES THROUGHOUT CANADA

 

*
i
:
x
i
3
|
|
4
:
i +

Health, Comfort
and Economy

when days are wet and
“all out-doors” is sloppy,
is a good pair of rubbers,
rubber boots or rubber
farm shoes.

The sure guide to good
rubber footwear— your

guarantee of service and
protection—is one of these

[Trade Marks:

{MAPLE LEAR “JACQUES CARTIER” -
“MERCHANTS”
“MAPLE LEAF”

“GRANBY”
“PD AISY”
“DOMINION”

MONTREAL, P.Q.

 

 

HOUSE BUILDERS ATTENTION }

We are carrying in stock ock fon immediate’ delivery. the”
following :

End matched Hard Maplo flooring; 7-8
thick.

End matched Hard Muplo flooring 38
thick.

End matched Oak floaring 7-8 thick.
End matched Oak flooring, 38 thick,
Panel Onk Veneer Doors.

2 Panel Birch Vencer Doors.

1000 Pine Doors, different. designs
Kentucky Oak! for interior finish.
Southern Pine for interior finish.)
Spruce and Southorn Piné floGring. 3

From one million to two’
million feet White Pine and
- Hemlock always instock.

 

 

EE NE a i Xk AL]

LyX ete

probed

 

Town Treasurer's Sale of Lands for Taxes

y virtue of a warrant issued by the Mayor of the Town of
Amberstburg, under his band and tlio seal of the Corporation
To WIT: )of the Town of Amherstburg, bearing date tho auth day of Bop-

tombor, in the year of Our Lord One

manding me to lovy upon the several
hereon, together with al
ts are soonor pald; I «ball prooeedto sell by Publ

MURICIPALITY OF THRE

TOWN OF AMIIERSTEURG, I B

pectively duo t
arrearsand cos

much thereof as may be necopsary for the pa;
ys aforesaid, on

at the hour of Ten O'Clock 4 tho merniog.

Streets.
E. B. Ramsay «a

Town Hall of Amherstbu

Year Lot or Part of Lots
1007

1908
1008

1

     
       
    

+ 1010.
1010-11-12 © 87
067-812 4

1011, 1
1909-10-11-12 51
1909-10-11-12 32

 

CONKLIN PLANING MILLS - Kingsvils, Ont

DEALERS IM LUMBER. LATH; LIME, SHINGLES, a CEDAR POSTS
eee eloierieod shedeobeoddeodedosferbobolirbobeoledeod bob dob bb

 

been tapped for a week, and as yet : " of which ha then’shinll have i d th w ; %
3 there 18 no indications: of this being a | A Smith for defendants Cy whee, ja Otte wl hn I linbeg fox’ tha rd Factory and yards, Seymore! St. Phone 193 4

big sugar spring. Owners say there | pay eR GRAIN, BETTER QUAL [perma of whons olniuundilisthall et have 2: -

are certain winds, and w@gpaocially those ITY Bi received at the timo of Kioh pr “Anything ‘made of cement, we make it. We are running at the

 

 

ndred sod sixteen; to me directed¥com-
arcols of Iand herein described for arrears of taxes res
give uotice tbat uniess the
Auction the said lands or as
ment of the said tax. s and costs thoreon At the

OESDAY, 0th Day of January, A.D. 1017,

Thousand NineyHul
| colts Incurred. "I hereb

Costa, Total

219

Taxes.

   
 
  
   
  
  
 

Fins

Tie ® x

mmggmenny
id 3

w2zna
®!

”
—
=

=

S22E RUBUBISRABZZRIRREX

ome
5

 

Den
E5338 RIEL52BSS

Riohmond
Park

1593 5900 0 60 BE 13 53 53 REIS BSED 13 10 £2 15 T1551 a BS BS BS IS S15 CA RIAD 10
SCENE SSRCESSRRESERES2

RB Zce

p=
=

203

 

ZZZDE ZZZZZEAD LEAR Em

 

 

  

   

   
 
  
     
    
 
  

    

=

 
 

Burns Campbell, of Edmonton, Alta.,
who spent & couple of wi with his |
parents, Mr. and ‘Mrs. Chas. Campbell,
of Mt. Carmel, left on his return to]
that as Thomas Smih, 50 yenrs old, {the west Wednesday morning, accom-
was “able. to navigate, he was! not | panied by his brother Jusper,
intoxicated. Smith war arrested a Vv

week ago when proyiill officers and ROCHESTER.
Chief of Police nnsters, of Sandwich,
raided a boat !louse and seized a
stock of liquor, Which, it ii alleged,
is the property of Charles Krannick,
who [8 believai to b be in Detroit.

COLCHESTER SOUTH.

Miss Ella Staddon, who has been
she guest of her cousin, Mrs. Leslie
Tord{ff, Windsor, the past month, re-
turned to her home Tuesday night.
Several theater parties were given in
ber honor. On Sunday Mra. Tordiff
gave a b o'clock dinner in honor of
Angus Russell, who {8 in the 241at
| Scottish Battalion, and Monday even-
{ing Mr. and Mrs. Tordlf entertained
their cousin at the Detroit opera to
sée “Ben Hur!

Magistrate EugoncBreault, in Sand-
wich police court Friday morning,
settled the vexed ¢estion of what
constitutes intoxjcalon. He found

      
  
   
   
 

  
   

   
   

 

 
  
    
 

Mrs. Bridget Strong, aged 71 years, |
widow of the late Patrick Strong, for- |
merly of Woodslee, died = suddenly
shortly before noon Friday at her home,
70 Pelissier stroot, Windsor, She was

in good health up to the final seizure.
Mrs. Strongls husband died several
years ago and she went to Windsor
shortly afterwards. A son, Dr. Strong,
one of the most prominent physicians
in Detroit, also died «a short time
ago. Surviving are four daughters,
Mrs, William Renaud, of Windsor;
Mrs. Thomas Fitzgerald, Woodslee;
Mrs, C. HatchKinson, Toronto, and
Miss Mary, at home, and three sons,
James, Windsor, and Thomas and Pat-

rick, Woodslee.
EE

KINGSVILLE.

Sherman Bros. are purchasing the
Frank Hall milk business and will
take It over the 1st of April.

Mra. Millen, of Woodslee, has pur-
chased a house and lot from Oliver
Fox, on north side of Erie street.

Colin. Quick has returned from the
south and has quite recovered from
his recent serious attack of: illness.

Harry Gibbons 18 in hospital at he
front, partially paralyzed by shell
shock. * He has been In hospital for
some months.

Miss Holt, an English girl, who has 3 CC
been working at R. H. Pickard’s, has They tackled father just after he
developed tuberculosis and was taken | hind fizured up his bank balance on
to the Sanitarium for treatment, being stung for the usal contribu-

Mrs. Russell Wigle, of the 8rd con-| tions to the family's time honored
cession east, was taken fll last Sun- | Christmas fund.
day and for a time -her life was des- “Dad,” they asked, “what [8 your
paired ofi She is somewhat Improved | birthstone?”
put is still a very sick person. “The grindstone, children. the grind-

Mrs. Sheats, mother of Capt. J. N, | stone,’ he instantly replied. “And my
Sheats, of this town, returned to her | nose has been to it all my life
home in Collingwood on Friday last,
accompanied by Mrs. J. N. Sheats,
who went as far as Hamilton, where R

will visit at her home for a CHA LES McLEAN,

she

   
 
   
   
   
 
       
 
    
 
 
   
       
    
 
    
  

   
    
 
    
 
  

    
  
  

 

    
  
  
      
 

 

      
    
      
      
 
     
       
 
    
           
 
     

GOSFIELD NORTH.

Cottam.

David Hess, jr., who is employed as
fireman on the M. C, R, spent a few
days last week at his home in Cottam.
~The smallpox case in Gosfield North
has been confined to the one family,
and all are improving from same.—
Willie Johnston, who recently under-
went an operation ror appendicits at
Hotel Dien, in Windsor, is recovering
nicely from same, and was brought
home on Saturdsy.—Mr. and Mrs.
Peter Collard and granddaughter,
Millie, spent last week In Windsor
with their son John -and ln Detroit
with her brother, Alfred Goatbe.—\Wm.
Moore, of Leamington, has sold hls
G0-acre farm on the north rear road,
lately vacated by Silas Moore, to Mr.
Lambler, of Leamingtom, who has
moved to same,

 

The Slonsiing,
is exeeplional

  
 

 

wm em B® WEEE ES&S DF DSA ESE E RE EB == NBN LN

          
    
  
  
     
    
 
   
     
 

   
 
 
 

   
   
    
    
     
   
    
    
    
   
  
  

USE CEMENT TILE

 

 

The a of tile Afahing depends upon the natura of the tile
used. Practical tests have proven Cement Tile {8 br far the most
efficient and economical.

For one thing, Cement Tile is frost and weatherproof. Another
point is the Cement Tile will actually get better with age. A third
reason is that Cement Tile {8 always uniform in shape and thick-

RUTHVEN.

The warm spring dmys have started
the buds on the fruit trees swelling,
and now a thorough examination of

 

    
   
  

 

 

   
  

  
  
  
  
  
 
   
 
  

      
  
    
    
   

the trees by experts has taken place | couple of weeks. . CENERAL CONTRACTOR Tene of Walle. Soro oment THe
to find out ff. the buds were much dam-| Judge Dromgols hes decided the OR, tile. as cheap, or cheaper, than clay :
aged by the heavy frosts during Feb-|action brought by John Peterson| AMHERSTBURG - - - ONTARIO

against Edward Hickmott for $500
commission on sale of Leonard Nel-|
son's farm to Mr. «Hickmott last
spring. The action was triad at Sand-| | have purchased two houses and
wich’ Inst December add judgment re-| lots on Park Street which | will re-
served. His Honour now gives judg: | model and have ready for rent In an-
ment dismissing the action - with th th 7
costs. At the trial Messrs. Rodd and | 9ther month.
Goodeve acted for Mr. Peterson and | | am af a
W. A. Smith for Mr. Hickmott. of can oo Prénase to: docall: kinds
Judge Smith held’ Division Court garpenteprswork.
here on Wednesday of last weel. Office and Rosilunge, oxy to Dr. French's.
There were two cases for trial. The aye :
first, Albert Peterson vs, L, C. Palmer,
was an action for $100 damages for NOTICE T0 GREDITORS
breach of contract for removing a ]
weigh scales bought by defendant
from plaintiff and which by the con-

tract plaintiff was to have the use of 3
for two yeara on ‘certaln torms De-| ‘ter South, deceased. . Concrete Blocks, Concrete Sidewalk, Concrete Floors, .

fondant contended that .(he contract OTICE Is hereby giv 2
did not compel him to leave An, AN “Stata in that be lf, clog AB Concrete Porches, Concrete Brick, Concrete

2’ hoving clad i t
Growers who have linrge maple groves at Arner during the period. Judgment Thomas inet the Ent ra ad ¥ Foundations Concrete Fence Posts, Etc. Vi
was given In favor of the plaintii¥ for fi day of January, 1017, are required to send @

and.also have In fiwlds of wheat and fg." ore Sa te "Gogdave for plain- by post propatd. ar deliver to the undersiumed.

clover, would very much; prefer to . 5 >
: Pp (HF; W. A. Smith for defendant. Tho | bi say acsnte oe th eerie Fi:

oo o very. light sap, as good i La :
noi put, Tn ok > al i second case was that of Calvim-ller on or before the 3th day of April. 1917, WAT] \ t

the field crop, they claim, by the heavy | 25inst R. J. Snider ou note and open | thir DURES Rdromcs S04 full Baritone = INF “YW

frosts at night and then thowing dur account amounting together to* $239.50. | (if any) held by them. A Ne é

ing the day which heaves: the clover | Defendant claimed. a sut-oft. Judg. | And further notice fy hereb J. yen, hat »
3
Ambherstburg

runry. The cherry, apple and pear
trees have come through the severe
weather in good shape, but, this ‘can-
not be sald of the peach trees. It has
been found by mmny owners of peach
orchards that momy of the buds have
been killed, and growers are now
Jooking for a small crop, especlally
the early varieties, which are said to
have been damaged more than any of
the late varieties. The cherry trees
are loaded with blossom buds, and
growers all say there is all {ndications
of this year beimg no record breaker
for cherries. Black and red raSpber-
ries are In the very pink of condition,
and an extra large arop, especially of
the red varieties, will be harvested
here this season was predicted. The
grape vines are showing up in good
shape and owners of vineyards are
looking * forward tm large ylelds.—

 

Careful Drainage means Better Crops

and Increased value to the land. Drained land can be worked earlier
and easier, and produces more. Drainage is the best Investment »
you can make, Pp 3

  
 
 
     
   
 
  
 

    
   

  

  
  

  
    
     
 
     
   

   
 
  
  

= I am now handling

Rogers’ Portland Cement
For Sale.

 
  

 

   
     
 
   
  
 
 
 
  

 

IN the Estate of the lato Thomas
Martin, of the Township of Colohes-

   
  
 

 
   
   
   
     

   
  
 
 

  
 
 
  

 

: g 5 Vv fer tho sald 6th day of April. 1017, the said 4
Tea t of the . _ | ment was given by consent in favor of a \ <
and wheat out o ground.—A num plaintiff for $100 aud court costs. Exctutors witl proceed ti distriite the asset Manufactu rer of Cement Drain Tile.

p treet ti x
ber of maple trees in tihis district have Gerald McHugh for plaintiff, and’ W, | Fitted theroto. hayiug regard obly to cinims

     
    
    

 

  
   
     
    
    
    

wrom the east, when tile trees always G. ' F. THORNICROFT, Lambeth, wir St Puke, this Bn day ok Meh, DT a
) 2 WILLIAM MARTIN, ;

refuse to give up the sap, —A big force 0

Gs ras ntario, says: >
of fer i Ho Siployot at all the | wp yg) ‘Homestead Bone Black EB A at.
greenhouses = here  tramsplanting to- ffir on hdlf a field of oats and a Sa a
jumped. tho track, sind many of the
cars immediately caugint firo from the | Send back twenty rods and see hua

mato plants by the thousands. They | gu, that the grain was heavier and
h J ; y
chpiae, Two tas oi horses vers | SN ATH ger cnr To Farmers, Gardeners, Fruit
4 a f

will-all be reset aghiln In mbout two |r parear quality on that part of the
cremated, and many jnen wore serious- EVER

 

 

weeks, then after thé third transplant-
Eee She rs ona. oth Lod hn 1 ve othe Bat" a well
field.—Harriston « Pethraon,” who left WELL SATISFIED

Ruthven recently with a carlond of : ,
horses for the nortiiwest, writes. a CoNgAD FEIOCK, Stratford, Ontario,

Jotter to his homie haire telling of the | .. i
thrilling experiance ‘which hE pad | coo on ots and J os ll

o h )
through. The train Ine was riding on satisfied with the results, One could

      
   
    
 
  
    
   
       
    
 
      
   
  
    
    
       
   
  
    
   
  
 

 

ly injured. Mr. Pelsargon came out’ of 7

the wreck without being hurt, but says [ “OUIS WALPER, Dashwood, Ontario, Grower S and Flori st S
It was one narrojy escape with his| .qy,ve used Homestead Bone Black

lfe.—Millions of lijttle tobacco plants

 

are now peeping hrougitithe ground] le ulizer on my Whest and must say Harry Cadarette has secured. ight of this vicini
and in about ten, ‘days hundreds of |1,i8d 98 of tos, biggest crops ever PLANT FOOD known s secured tho sight of on nity sol] igpiast Sons

tobacco beds with, tireir cotton cover LASTING RESULTS :
a (ha ‘Alstric most every | 5..A. GORDON; Arkona, Ontarlo, says: *  This'is the only Plant Food of its kind known in‘ America, and is of great Interest
—Thousands of |= uy,y psk me what L:think/of the! to the tillers of the soil to know that they can purchase here in Chatham “a plant

To gan a ear here all {opm stead Bone Black Fertilizer. Well food equal to the Plant Food used in Byropsin countriés where they produce more to

winter eating up Why dead horses or ]
cows that happened, ‘to be in their way. Bis Tse Rimi! 2Dont a, pas the acre ‘than elsewhere. ri

hi now almosj
ray of them goles rary "PP 4ed: | of once across the field and my neish- | NATURE'S PLANT FOOD contains 100 per cent. (100 por cent.) plant food, no

  
 
  
 
  
   
 
   
  
 
 
    
  
        

  

hor sald he could fghty
 WiNbsom. dit bgp hehat a filling ‘whatever. This Plant Food is scientifically correct. It is a plant food every
| years after'in the mendow, so I'think ounce to the ton. The price is low.

it pays all right.” NATURE'S PLANT.FOOD used pound for pound with any other Fertilizer wits

ks Mihien uten ay produce a larger“quantity and a better quality.

shout their Homestead Bone Black NATURE'S PLANT FOOD contains the ten (10) minerals that plants febd upon.

Major. David “Chgyne: of Windsor,
and Captain Paul poison, of Tecum-
seh, left for Fra%ce Thursday after
noon, The offichrs had @erved in

  

   
     
     
    
  
   
  
 

  
 
 
   
    
 
    
   
  
 
  
   

 
    
      

 
  

   

 

  
  
      

 
  

    
     
    

 

      

  
   
 
  
 

   

8 ighmond... » i France, but were fur] 4 home be- | Fertilizer.
8 Rhos A sor a, Francs, Dit Wore Iu oughed home wo erp and without them they cannot live.
fret : Ra ih BN | An Keo proprietor of a Windsor FLAMES IN WINDIOR NATURE'S PLANT FOOD contains potash, soda, lime, magnesia, iron, sulphur,
” 9 d lind 4
NB For ; 20 in Bl day morning 1o Windsor “Solice court Harry Lan Saves Sick Wife and Child SiieR, linia, plospiorng ag oilotine,
RARE TU gm. 2. 28 [I REE vn tous on Ru ween Before Fire Destroys Cottage. NATURE'S PLANT FOOD is absolutely odorless, clean and easy to handle.
-Egathont ©... 80 a 42 lises several weekstugo' when 14 OWI | “pyre thought To have been camsed Weather conditions do not affect it, and it will not'corrode your machinery. .
Mocrormiioe: ba Ho Batbarer Cam igs za ey Bona tori vicltipg: he by tn overheated atovapips totally de NATURE'S PLANT FOOD has been recommended by thousands of farmers, 4 |
igi i 5 4 Dalhousie. - ak ia CEB ound wails Gt violating 2 sity y by: Winds A avenue jr: B Scio. a, any Cr growers, tobaceo and SUEAr. beet growers as being the greatest of all |
Bornes - Ba 3a 79 |elty scales, the Windsor Ice*& Coal | crackin: was awakened by tho, a : : i
Braue Con te gw. oi@ my us fed $30 and costs on ES eg a _ NATURE'S PLANT FOOD sowed fn the fad wil destroy all cut worms, white
1 8 Bandwith © 310 wn [four charges Thursday morning by thresolthchild. to. sat ro "th grubs, wire worms and all insects that harbor in the sofl eich festro thousands {
WB sandwich 4019 25 aol Loseait in Wind 11 aty belo; elr . y8 of
“88 Maple... Bt 210 EL Magis igor ole escape was cut off. The building, a oh worth of plants.
BONE ea (0 210 CEI fof tie company, ios that the com | by“ tin’ ira’ apparatig, aad when the _ NATURE'S PLANT FOOD “sowed in the land, will, in time, ving your land back.
SRE fu en ho a si the | iromen._rosponded aii they could doll to its virgin state, as it supplies the land with the’ minerals: that the vegetation of
Amhersibarg, 00 rs oro GORDON E. pouromn, in’ thelr homes. Shaan boli rdins otis Gai for he the past year has consumed: 2
Ralph Vaughan, 80 1d, unfic for thei lla 5 :
o above sale Is postponed di Wodasstay Hth day of April, 1917, 1400, on who ‘cmpleted oa 21.7 Gnd dl pi Farmers who gow = ugar beets, dorm; tobaoeo, ang potatoes or tomatoes can:
me Yme dnd places 23 y £ | {prison term Thursday morning-for| . r ‘IR° not afford to farm: thout thi this plant food, as the results from NATURE'S PLANT

Sich sh ow Churs:of stat | RETO ii Ee ge.
