  
 
 
 
  
     
  

Misa Eileen Kelly, of The Echo
15 on the job again after u pleas-
holidny at Jackson and Lansing,

  
  
  
  
   

  
  
 
 
 

h. :
Mrs. Frank Snyder and children,
Sarnin, spent b fow days this week
ith her mother, Mrs. John Manson,

ark street.

—_A continuous procession of autoes
asged through town on Sunday bound
for the beautiful swimming beaches

along Lake Erle.
—Joseph Ryan,

  
  
  
 
    

   
 

 
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
    
  

concrete superinten-
dent of the Duluth Superior Dredging
Co.,, at River Rouge, spent the week-
end with his family in town,

— Lieut. George Lodge, who recently
returned to Windsor from England
because of his wite's sickness, received

orders Froday to return to duty.
—We asked the young lady across

me to try ‘Fruit-a-tives’. Ididsoand [the way whether she favored prohi-
| bition as 8 WAr measure and she sald

i Sarees of = Hosier) pee it certainly did seem, with so much
prove, aud he advised ms go0n | ton needed in the manufacture of
with “Fruit-a-tives”. high explosives, as if no more of it
1 consider that I owe my life to *‘Fruit- | ought to be gluned Zor the present.

a-tives” and I want to say to those who —Henry Robidoux, the tile manufac.

: i x an overhead Mac-
suffer from Indigestion, Constipation ar a Hsing. A machine of
1leadaches—‘try Fruit-a-tives and you | mejently large capacity to properly
willgetwell”. CORINE GAUDREAU.

take core of his increasing business.
500. a box, 6 for $2.50, trial size, 26¢. | This will enable

Mr. Robidoux to turn
Atall dealers or sent postpaid by Fruit- out hundreds of thousands of tile or-
ly a-tives Limited, Ottawa.

ders this fall and winter, which there
TOWN AND COUNTY.

{s a growing demand for.
—A.review of the Toronto Livestock
—A healthy list of marriages

Market for the past week lays special
scheduled locally for September.

stress on the ‘hog situation. It says:
“Hogs, during the week, have made

—Miss Elizabeth Gordon, of the Cen-
tral school staff, Chatham, has been

sensational advances; passing all for-
visiting at her cousin's, T W. Crowe's.

  
 
 

     
 
   
  
   
      
    
   
  
  

    
    
 
   
    
  
  

     
    

rible Indigest YW
had frequent dizzy spells
greatly run down. A neighbor advised

    
 

Far more effective than Fl

  

Druggista and Grocers ere.

— Miss Edytha Cralg 18 spending
her vacation at Windsor and Walker-

ville.

   
  
     
 
 

Sunday with his cousin, Mrs. Joel

Craig.

—George Richards, of Detroit, spent
the week-end the guest of Mrs. John
G. Anderson, Park street.

— Mrs. Murray McQueen and chil
dren, of Windsor, are guests of her
mother, Mrs. Harriett Bertrand,

—Almdn Brush and Earl Brush, of
Essex, and Miss Edna Kaskens, of
London, spent a day at Joel Craig's,
last week.

— Mrs. George Richards and Miss
Mae Anderson have returned to De-
troit after spending a4 week with Mrs
John G. Anderson, Park street.

— Alfred Harris, an old resident of

 
  

 

is

 

mer records. When the $18.25, fed
and watered, price was reached, spec-
ulation became rite as to where the

   

5 ¥ © Mra. Fraser, of Toledo, accom: |gadvance will = stop, and some Wild | Colchester South. paid The Echo
panied her sister, Mrs. Barlow, home | gyesses were made." short visit on Monday, while in this
Jat week, and is spending a pleasant —Hermidas Baillargeon, 60 years | pejghborhotd calling on relatives and

friends | old, a farmer of Tecumseh, died Thurs.
day trom injuhjes recelyed several

fell on the knives

friends.
—The Ashley & Dustin steamer line

holMay with relatives and

here.

 

 

 
 
   
  
  

    
 
 
 
 
 

— Walter Malott and wife spent last |

1 | Manitoba jurisdictions. The delegates

—Jud E. Smith was In London over | gays ago when he
! Sunday and returning wns accompan-|of a mower he was driving. Balillar-
: jed by his niece, Arah Johnson, who | geon was dragging over an acre of
| will finish her holidays in Amherst-| ground before the horses were stop:
burg. ped by neighboring farmers who heard
—A new York man, fearing the|hfs cries. His back was terribly lacer-
draft, married a widow with three |qated. A widow, two daughters, a son
[S children, and then committed Suicide. and five brothers, one of them Victor
He put a lot of people to a heap; of | Bajllargeon, of Windsor, organizer for
trouble for nothing L'Union of St. Joseph Bue Canada,

—You must use twice the quantity |gurvive.

 

§ of ordinary low-priced, tea to produce —W. A. Clark. Manager Imperial
Sil the same strength of Infusion® that | Bank, Essex, and three companions,
iY Salada yields and then you do not get] Art Crotenu, Syd Clark and Mayor Guy,
? that delicious Salada flavor. en roule from Essex to bowling tour-

of —Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Ogle, Mr. and | pament in Ridgetown Tuesday of last

Mrs. Hiram Hatt, of 6th concession of | week, had an exciting.experience near

|

} Mersea, and Mrs. J. A. Coulter, Wheat. | Tilbury on the:Middle Road. Colliding

3 ley, motored to: Amherstburg to spend {with a big lump of earth their car, a

al Saturday with Dr. and-Mrs. D. A. Max-igord, made. a complete somersault
{ well into the ditch. The car was pretty

— If parties wha take down phones | well demolished but tue occupants es-
to listen to conversation on party. lines | caped unhurt, except for one sprained
only realized how difficult it 18 for|ankle. Timely aid in the form of a
people directly interested to ~ hear | junksdenler’s wapon was at Rand. They
when phones are down, we belleve |oought the mail train at 8 o'clock and
they would stop the practice. participated in the Ridgetown tourna-

“Mr. and Mrs. Frank Ryan and | ment according tosoriginal plans’
their niece, Miss Laura Ryan, Church —~A representative of the United
avenue, have returned to their home | States shipping board sas in Cleve-
in Windsor, having spent ten days |jand last week Initiating government
with Mr. Ryan's brother fn Rock Is-| plans to commandeer lake freighters
and, 11I, whom he had not seen in 47 | for coastwise and trans-oceanic war
years, and visited Mr. Ryan's nephew | trade. Figures tabulated by the gov-
in Maline and friends in” “Davenport, | ernment agent, in conference with
Ia, and Chicago local shipping exports, owners build-

—Albemy Chappus, of the Sunny-|ers and tugmen, show upward of §0
side hotel; John W. Major, of the Wav] Jake bosts can be taken to salt water.
erly hotel, and Fred. Pillon, of the |'The plan {3 to take every boat possible
Michigan Central hotel, were all three | of passing through the Welland canal
charged with selling liquor at their | through the St. Lawrence river to the
places of business, Some of their | Atlantic, ~before lake traffic Is Ice-
friends had purchased the booze from | bound: "Boats up to 520 feet in length

 

 

Hy ; them and then informed according tofafid not more thap 43 feet beam will —Kent county has fallen in line
bs them. Their case were set_for#tiis|be cut in two, bulkheaded and towed | with Essex In the matter of ‘good
week 20tt 1 : i by tugs through the canal and river. ronds. Reeye L. A. Pardo, of Raleigh.
—The i annual convention of the 1 vg I
b __A linen shower was glven at the | Was appointed superintendent of good
a) Toiw
I y Ontario W. 0. T. U. will be held in'St. |} 'rro "of Miss Edna Westaway in honor | roads. at the special meeting of the

; Joby hig alin a onal of . Miss Sadie Tobin, whose wedding
will take place in the near future. The

ve gates and visitors will be aceorded table decbratioffs were carried out in
special railway privileges, on the cer-| copoe ik white. Jo rea Mentern

tificate plan, single fare and conven: |j.ine relied above a toast avas rol Ss

tion” certificate. This affords a very | yc wigs Helen Wilson Tall vi hn

cheap rate for those who would like | vohow™ riow and foros Mo ned iy

to visit that district during the con-|j qe The bride Og thé reciplent
yeution period ee W of many beautiful gifts, showing the

le marriage too place Wednes: | ion esteem fn which the young lady

day of. lst week at Christ church, | (4 had by her many friends. “The out-

4 Niagara Falls, Ont, of Alexandra, | etown guests were Miss Grace Col-
daughter of the late Robert MecKick-|yjaon of Malden; Miss Amelia Cl

noe, to the Ven. Archdeacon B. A.|¢gnsen, Mrs. Beverley J. Westaway
Irving, of the Didcese of Niagara, who | yj haby Vaughan, of Detroit. :
has been In charge of Clirist church at

Niagara Falls during the rector’s va-

 

 

 

 

 

~The Michigan Central railroad Is
issuing notices asking patrons of the

is planning to take the steamer Put-in-
Bay off the Put-in-Boy and Cedar Point
route immediately after Labor Day,
though several special’ trips may be
made if conditions are favorable. Ser-
vice over the route will be continued
by the Frank E. Kirby:

~—Any morning now you can sniff
the symptoms of the Amherstburg
fall fair. Without wishing to sing
Good Bye Summer, we wish to remark
that no climate In the world is so
suitable to the fall fair as that of a
great part of Canada, when the corn
heads up for shock, and pumpkins be-
gin to play peekaboo in red and gold.

=A farmer claims to have found “a
cure for potato bugs by‘teén years® ex-
perimenting In Colorado, His plan is
to plant one or two grains of flax seeds
in each hill of pototoes. He says that
the dugs will shun it every time, and
that for ten years he has been thus
successful In raising potatoes where
others have Tfalled. The proposed
remedy Is simple and costs very little
to try. This hould be done at plant
ing time,

—Alleging that gasses, odors and
dampness, caused by operation of the
Windsor plant of the Canadian Salt
Company, are damaging his property
and affecting the health of-his wife,
James McKenzie, of 9 Salter avenue,
has commenced action for damages
and an injunction against the com-
pany.© It is charged that natural gas
escapes from the salt wells, and cor
rodes bedsteads and other metals ‘on
the McKenzie premises, and that salt
water vapor, which saturates the
atmosphere, causes deposition of salt
crystal on fruit trees.

  

 

 

ty, which have recently

over by the council

condition.

Miller, Reeves Philps, Walters, Bu
chanan and Fletcher. Engineer Huber,
of the Department of Public Highways
was present and discoursed on.
question.

Kent county council last week. He Is
authorized to attend to the general im-
provement of the roads of Kent coun-
beeén taken
While no perma-
nent repairs are to be done until after
the war, the council will keep some
three hundred miles of road in good
A Good Roads Committee
was appointed, consisting of Warden

the

r. od Mrs, Little, fi
(Lue Stevens mn, Windsor, are moving

to the Aunerst House, and it willy

goon be In 14) swing. |

~—The finnlirips to Bols Blanc park
by the steauurs Columbia and Ste.
Claire, of the Detroit & Windsor Fer-
ry Company, an scheduled to bg made |

 

 

  
  
  

~ Sunday, Septenber 9th, after which |

"tinued for the sewon.

operation of the park will be ic

— Commenting m the defeat of the
by-laws to autherize building an is0-

* Intion hospital ami municipal garage,

! Arthur W. Jackmn, mayor of Wind-
| sor last year, declired Friday the vote
shows that Windwr ratepayers are
| against large expmditures for public
| {mprovements wile the war is on.

Catchers. Clean to handle. Sold by | “What the eity coucil should realize

| from the vote is thalthe ratepayers of
| Windsor in the presmnt emergency are
not In favor of speuling money or em-
| ploying men on uny municipal . work
not absolutely newessary,” . ex-Mayor
| Jackson sald, “The pavements needed
are mot param: in Windsor, but
pavements behAd the steadily advane-
ing British line in France. The kind
of ‘progress’ {iw Which the people of
Windsor dre interested to-day Is the
progress thi is being battered out by
Britsh guns m the western front, the
progress that is made possible in a
large measurs by our Canadian man-
| hood.”

|.0/0;F. GRAND LODGE.

 

The LO.O.F. Grand Lodge of On-
taro met in Toronto last week. The
sessions were attended by F. C.
Goudy, of Denver, Col, Grand Sire of
ine order. and visitors from New York,
connecticut, Michigan, Quebec and

 

voted in favor of changing the meeting
if the Grand Lodge to the third Thurs-
day in June, . The election of repre-
sentalves will be held by the subord-
inate lodges on the last meeting night
in April. No change was made in the
number of representatives. The of-
ficers elected for the ensuing term
aT G.M., C. H Mann, Hamilton;
D.G.M., ‘Rev. W. Cox, Gananoque; G.
Ww. Dr. G. M. Hermiston, Toronto;
Sec., W. Brooks, Toronto; Treas,, John
Donogh, Toronto; Gd. Rep., L. B. Coop-
er, Belleville; Home Board Trustees,
F. S. Evanson, Prescott, and R. R.
Brett, Essex. The delegates from Es-
sex county were Geo, Latcham, Wind-
son: W. J. Poole, Walkerville; E, J.
Gott, Amherstburg; 7E. Wright, Har-
row: W. Scratch, Kingsville; Mr.
Keech, -Leamington; C. G. Beattie,
Comber; George Smith, Essex; T. P.
Hooker, Woodslée

 

PICK YOUR SEED CORN
FROM STALKS IN FIELD

 

Seed ears for next year's crop if
selected’ in the field from standing
corn may be chosen more wisely, be
stored more carefully and will then
produce a larger vield in return than
if picked from the shock or crib.

Corn ylelds have been increased 4%
bushels to the acre at the Ohlo Agri-
cultural Experiment Station by gelect-
ing seed in the falk -from standing
corn. The best ears grown . under
average conditions of stand and fer-
tility can be pleked out by such fleld
selection. A good ear chosen at Husk-
{ng time or from the crib may owe its
excellence to especlally fertile soil ox
to the fact that only one stalk grew
in the hill :

An ear equally good but grown on
average soil and with three stalks in
more when
Such ‘an ear
may be marked In the field by a little
puint or a string, and then separated

a hill will likely yield
planted the next year

from the others at husking time:

Carn left to $e crib over winter is
frequently injured by Weather condi-
tions and germinates poorly the next

spring.

Ell Hiezer,

the cans of ‘neighboring

milk faetory, pleaded

to go.

  
     
   
  
   
      
  
 
 

ormerly of fi

I}

 
  
  

  
 
 
   
 

a West Zorra farmer,
caught red-handed stealing milk from
farmers,
whose supply lie regularly draws to the
guilty to a
charge of theft and paid into court
$60 to cover costs and restitution: to
the rolibed farmers, and was allowed

    
    
    

 

8. FRENCH, D.D.
ONOR Gi in.
: Toronto Univers| ong

Re oe, dy A RPEOIALTY. " ued fo i
ARange You Can Trust | [Eat la, pre
bi y

7100 p.m, 4
I Offoe: Corner of Richmond and Ramus:

Streets. noxt Oddfellows’ Hall, and ond bloc!

endear Post OfMoe, Amherstburg, .
DR. 0. TEETER, M.B,

PRuIcIAN AND BURGEON Graduateor
Toronto University, Li Physi
clans and 8 ns, Oario, its” Fner

Gore Lad Apt oy streets, opposite Town Hall

R. H. ABBOTT, M.D.

 
  
   
    
 

The “Pandora” doesn’t require cen-
stant watching. You can- trust it to
do its work while you rest or attend to
other duties. The Pandora has fea-
tures that insure far greater efficiency
and economy than can be found in

PAIR AD, Pao erduates

other ranges. Write for free booklet. sows
y at Liv gy A ms

M<Clarys Daliousio Street” opposite’ Waterworks)
PANDORA RANGE

"DR. T. JAMES PARK.
Porsican AND BURGEON, Amborst
LONDON TORONTO _ MONTREAL WINNIPEG VANCOUVER
ST. JOHN, N.B. HAMILTON CALGARY 0

burg, Onterlo, 4
~ DR.A.E.STEWART.
4 SASKATOON EDMONTON ‘
For SALE BY W. H. JONES

PEYEICIAN AND SURGEON, Graduate ot
My
—_—

1lc Worth of 1lc Worth of
BREAD POTATOES

Eleven cents will buy a little mo re than a pound of potatoes.
fourths of the potato is water. Their food value Is low.

loaf of Curtis’ bread. Bread Is three
fact it supplies more nourishment

     
     
 
    
      
     
     
        
      
          
     
   
   
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
   
  

 
 
  
 
 
  
   
 

    
 

 
  
  

  
  

   
    
 
  
    
   

  
 

Toronto University.” O oGregor,

Ont. Bell Telephone 118-r lca, chest
Sou

 

‘North Telephone 79 :
Telophone, {iu WR Sandw

~ DR. W. C. DOYLE, MD,

 

 
   

 

W. 0. DOY M.D, CM, F. 4)
D onor gradunte of Western alrite,
London ; Mem ber of the College of Physioians
and Surgeons of Qutario, Office 4 basement
of residence on Talbot Btreet, next to the
Eleotrio Ry walting room, Essex. X-ray in
connection. Special attontion given to
diseases of women and Surgery,

"FRANKLIN A. HOUGH, BA,

ARRISTER Solicitor, Notary Pul ’
voymnoer, &e. Office: a ton >

Lainoudigstvet, Amiisitiary. Sg-Money w i

FRED. H. A. DAVIS,

ARRISTER, Solieitol ary
B a &o. Oise Rony. icon:

 

Three-

 

Eleven cénts will buy a generaus
times as nourishing at potatoes.” In
for the money than any other food.

. Curtis’ Bread Be

. Money to loan,
Tastes even better than it looks. Cut down on potatoes and eat an TTRARTINT & RARTT ET
extra slicé or two of bread at every meal A BARTLET & BARTLET, |

ARRISTERS, Solicitors, &o. Offices
Davis Block, Windsor, Money yi

ALEX. R. BARTLET, B.A.
WALTER G. BANTLET, B.A. LLB.’
GEo. A. URQUHANT, B.A.," LIB,

RODD, WIGLE & McHUGH,

ARRISTERS, SOLICITORS, KETO,, J
Rodd, B. A.,’L. L. B, County Co Ap
wrneynnd Clerk of the Peace for the Count,
of Essex KE. H. Wigie, B.A, K.C.; T. rd
McHugh. OfMces Victoria Block, Windsor,

DAVIS & HEALY.

We keep Sllverwood's celebrated smooth-ns-velvet Ice Cream Bricks;
three flavors. Order one for your Sunday dessert.

 

I. EPPL-L-=L.

W. F. CURTIS

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

p-.
. ARRISTERS, SOLISTERS, —
The Model Bakery PHONE 76 ‘Amherstburg, Ont|D xi. "sone iotom. “ltediey Siok: 5
nt SE TL . F.D. Davis. B. A. A. F. Healy.
+ JAMES. B. MeLEOD." i
ARRISTER, SOLICITOR, Etec., Lo
Building, Windsor, Ont. ain avis
loan on farm property ut lowest current rates A !
en mi
FRANK W. WILSON. ay m
ARRISTER, SOLICITO! Ni Pub a
and ATER, SOLICI i Cir pt al
British Columbia Hara.) Money to loan on wi
arty bra ory rious rains of intoress. !
oe elle Bul > 5
and London Sts, Windnor, ont hione Shr, it
W. A. SMITH, LL. B. | he
ARRISTER, SOLICIT Ni
Kingsville, S01 1CITOR, NOTARY, FTC, £9
JAMES 8. LAIRD, 5
ROVINCIAL Land Burveyorsand County thi
Engl. Of
A ee | BA Ct Betas Bonk Fh oi
bbb bbb Ebb bh MOTHER'S BREAD bdo bobsfebobodbobobdodob de J. J. NEWMAN, ont
‘ I EN INEER AND ONTARIO LAND mo
: work asposialty 0
i N Fleming Block, Windsor, Ont. \
i Can We Not Tempt You To Rg Z
* - " " & A 9 PY
1 h = A PE {\ictioncers oF Esxsox County
3 armw, Ontario, —
i Taste the Goodness 0f Our } |= Gi so.

S. RENAUD,

AUCTION EER. Arrangomonts for sale
mado at any time. For term .
to him or address Amherstburg Bro apply 4

JOHN READMAN, _ .
DER of Marriage Licenses for the County” i

 

 

of Essex Harrow Ont.

ONEY BACK
BREAD

The superior quality of which you will readily re-
cognize after the first bite. s ,

MONEY-BACK BREAD has that sweet nut-like flavor,
so much desired, but rarely found in most breads.

We want you to be skeptical in buying this bread.

 

High Clase Monuments a Specialty.”

LEAMINGTON  .
Granite and Marble Works \

C. A. CULLEN, Proprietor,
Write for Prices.

Phone 276 LEAMINGTON, ONT

 

| J. SUTTON & SONS

Funeral Directors

4 AVIHE SHIHLOW drbibbdiddditdddiitdidd

a

 
  

_ wdgwote the whole Of his time to grow-

cation. Ven. Archdeacon Jrving at

one time resided in Amherstburg,
—The Ontario Gazette 'on Priday
contained notice of the appointment
by his honor the Lientenant-Governor
of Shirley Armstrong Cummiford, of
Toronto, to be police magistrate puh-
suant to the Taronto-Hamilton High-
way Commission Act, 1917. He will
have jurisdiction for the purposes” of
the ‘Act and the trial of offences
against this act, the Motor Vehicles
Act, or any regulations’ made under
zhe authority of the highway act com-
mitted on any part or in the vicinity
of the Toronto-Hamilton highway. Mr.
Cummiford is a Strathroy boy, andils

widely related in Essex county

— ““Aceording to orders received
frori Malitary headquarters last week,
Maior T. Balfour, who hrs been sun-
nirz a recruitng office at Amherstburg
fc.~ over.a year, 1s to be struck off the
« gyeength trom the 16th inst. The major
went overseas with the 1st contingent
‘but was invilided home some time
has since devoted his time

ago. He
to obtgining recruits and has made a

roads to load freight cars to capac
The company states that thousands of
cars aré being moved whic

because the railroad cannot provic
sufficient number of cars to meet
demand

the standard car will hold from

ty

h arewcarry-
ile

 

ing only hajf thelr’ capacity,” w
many other shippers are 1A Pe

  
 

the
The company asks that the
shipments/be increased wherever pos
sible sto a full carload. “For example.
150
to 300 barrels, yet many shippers put
only 100 barrels in a car. This might
easily be incfensed to the full capmelty
of the car. "With the present tremen-
dous shortage of cars. this slight dif-
ference would certainly be felt all over
the line.

—Strathroy Despatch: »'Frank linch,
a well known citizen of the town,
dled suddenly at his residence, Allbert
street west, this morning, , Mr. Mach
resided in Métcalfe township for many
years, but removed to town three or
tour years ago. He had been [n jpoor
health for some time. He leaves a
widow, four sons and two daughters,

5 viz. homestemd at
.-great succeass ‘of it. He will-still be viz.;- Richard, on the

h > oul 8 he 1 a big | Kerwood; William, of the Kayser
J Le trae iarE and On g Cheese factory, Adelaide townmhip;

fear Amherstburg and can now

yng 00d: for the soldiers.”—Walker-
yillo Herald.

—Tin eans wich the packers use
fn putting up vegetables and. fruits
are costifig the packers $17.25 instead
ot $11.16 per thousand, which was the
price last year. This “big increase” is
spoken of as _indica‘ing still higher
prices: for canned goods this year.
' this “big Increase”. amounts to two-

8 of a cont on each can. ‘But.it
would probably. serve 8s an excuse
foran increase of five cents per tin on
‘canned goods as bought by the con
sumer. But the consumer {8 in a new

paftion now, Hon. W. J. Hanna {8
pod Controller and with him on the
job, canned goods should no longer
Tio priced entirely to suit the desire of
© qmoners. :

<

Frank, Strathroy; Wesley, on the old
Fred. O'Nefl:farm, In Metcalfe; Mra.
(Rev.). IL. W. Reed, of Amherstburg;
and Mrs. Richard Demaray, of Ade-
laide. He aldo leaves three sisters: —
Mrs, John Dyer, Metcalfe; Mra. Geo.
Lewis, Strathroy, and Mrs. W. HL Fos-
ton, Motcalfe, The funeral will be
held from the family residence on Sat-
urday afternoon at 3 o'clock. Inter
ment at he Strathroy cemetery’.

—The following article is taken from
the Hamilton Times: “Clever Hamil:
ton Girl—The Cathedral Magazine, a
monthly published In connectigit with
St. Mary's Cathedfal, has the follow-
ing about o well known and clever
former Hamilton Bil: Recent des-
patches announce that Miss Frances
Kehoo has been Appointed by Presi:
dent Wilson chief nurse of Red! Cross

Base Hospital Ng; 31. Miss Keihoo Is
De nadian. bors In the Cathedral par-

h, and ;onts, Mr. and Mrs.
bin Kohoo, ilve at 285 Cauharine

|| street north. There Bre but thirty-two
| base hospitals for, the United States,

| wiss Kehoe is called
and the position is probably the most

Catholic, nuri#e in

upon to occupy?

y
8 | Hospital has been do-

of Youngstown,

  

  

    

 

 
 

 

fbb ee + + EMOTHER'S BREAD i d-sbbr dod deobeobodrb ob

 

 

 

 

 

that fieie Js Bo other remedy known to medicine that will’
so successfully carry women through this trying period as
Lydia E. Pinkbam’s Vegetable pound; in from
native roots and herbs. Read these lettersi—

TH

Liniment.
3 12.40

> W. T- WILKINSON.
Fioad ot {HARNESS AND LEATHER 000DS STORE.

 
 
  

a m.
12.66

ville and

Eiciaddd |[cRAND

a.m.
1.56

fares I

ing in stock for immediate de very the
following :
End matched Hard Mavi flooring; 7:8
! d Hard Maple flooring 3 £
# Eod matolied Oak flooring 79 thick:
A

Panel

>

cans

From stations Lyn. Ont.
5 Toro Tne ren and

<i

 

 

12.00 *

ease

 

 

Manager

hy

 
 
  
 

, Tray it out—if it doesn’t happen to be all that we say mouse of quality. Ir
it is—why, then, your Money Back. + Er ! ' 406
[Made only and guarantoed by E41 bd ai ho
a — = — iE SEE t - x - o
NEAL BAKING C0. Ltd m= |
Jl Uni} 3 oF «.., SUMHER TINE TABLE. 1]
JE ; ars run on Eastern Standard Ti are
Phone 59 WINDSOR 31-37 Salter ad i ce ey ar, 01 Ti
For sale In Amherstburg at J. H. Lovegrove's, G. T. Florey & : = : 4 v
Son's, G. F. Glrardin's, A. J. Burns’ and Silas Allen’ ¥ 2g. % Ca 4
Sold hb LT by W; R. Boyce a Co. in oil by Beuglet Bros. H 3 5 LJ £8 3 3 kL! \
a TR ERT RT
fe. 3 X 15 8. 16 9.30 5
How to Feel Well During Middle | ——— — [180 2838 200 haf iif ii jo
Life Told by Three Women Who || Royal Purple Stock Specific |** ,. % ,n hf bi 3
. ed from o we : a 3 ER p.m. 1216 115 12156 115 130 _—
Learn Experien Cee. Roup-Cure, Chick Feed, so bE iit a: si am ON
: { Stock S 1 : “400 41s 51 41 8m 830
The Change of Life is a most critical period of z Calt M poss Es ecifi Cr 816 715 ols a 750
woman's existence, and neglect of health at this ti e invites: | a ea “£0 T15 816 115 815 830
disease and pain. Women everywhere as Bi ly orm Po wders. br Pty sis HT 103 :
1100° am am

1213,

sense

RRR Rip
. JAMES ANDI
