A

“The Kind You Have Always
' in use for over over 30 ye

Zt Fin i

Bought, and which has been

ars, has borne the signature of

has been made under his per-

sonal ‘supervision since its’ infancy.
Allow no one to deceive you in this,

All' Counterfeits, Imitations and * Just-as-good” are but
Experiments that trifle with and endanger the health of

“W and at is CAS
cainat is CA
Drops and Soothing Syrups.

neither Opium, Morphine nor other narcotic substance.

age is its guarantee. For

‘TORIA

or Castor Oil, Paregoric,
It is pleasant. It contains
Its

more than years: it las

been in constant use for the relief of Constipation, Flatnlency,

Wind Colic- and Diarrhoea ;

allaying Feverishness

therefrom, and by regulating the Stomach and Bowels, aids
the assimilation of Food; giving healthy and natural sleep.
The Children’s Panacea—The Mother’s Friend.

GENUINE CASTORIA ALwavs |

Bears the

In Use For Over 30 Years

Signature of

&

The Kind You Have Always Bought
2 THE CENTAUR COMPANY, NEW YORK CITY,

THE LOVE OF OATS
Why. Normal, Active Pooolo Always

Oats contain mare body-building {ood than
any other grain that grow They contain
more energy-giving food. You know their
cffect oa horses.

Oats contain more organic phosphorus
than any other grain, and phosphorus isthe
brain's main constituent. ‘They contain
more lecithin, and lecithin is the chief
componént of the entire nervons system.

That's why work ye oatmenl, That's
why growing children crave ft. Iti
tho call of nature for what.bodie
and nerves require.

But some oatmeal fails

nirements, Qaly the ric
joats supply a food worth whi
oats are sifted 62 times ta get the
Only ten pounds
But these fino

neet these
st. piumpest
The chofe~

ns for Quaker Oats,

secured {from a bushel.

fs, when prepared by tho-Quaker proc-
supply the utmost in oatmeal,

Oatmeal is the most important food you

rye. And the best costs only one-half

’

! CANADIAN NEWS.
Suitable memorial tablets aro to be

placed on historic sites in Kingston.
Samuel Hunter 72 years of age, died

from a hirse’s kick in Brantford.

Most of the Cunadian towns and
cities, Saturday, celebrated General
Byng’'s victory.

The Quebec Provincial Government
subscribed one million dollars to the
Vietory Loan.

R. A. Pringle, X.C., controlfer of
| newsprint, has extended from Novem-
(ber-20th to January 2nd the time in
whieh the rate of $3.50 per hundred
for newsprint will apply.
| Hon. J. D. Hazen, Clef Justico of
New Brunswick, has been appointed
Local Judge in Admiralty “of the Ex-
chequer Court in and for the Admir-
alty District of New Brungwick.

Asfifield township farmers aro dis
satisfied over the suspended time de-
cisfons of one of the local tribunals

TER AMHERSTBURG ECHO

KINGSVILLE.

Mrs. Maria McLeod, widow Of the
late Willlam McLeod, passed SWAY at
the homo of her donghters, Misses
Minnie: and Maud McLeod, on Wed
nesday evening of last wabk, In the
91st year of her age. Her death fol
lowed naturally from weight of yrs.
The funeral took place plage. Friday af-
ternoon. Services were cofiducted 4t
the home by Rev. J. W, Hisey, Bap
tist minister, and burial was in Green
hill cemetary, the pallbearers being
Arthur Conklin, H. Wigle, D, H. Mc
Cay, Alex. Brown. Mrg, McLeod's
maiden name was Marin Williams and
she was born In Gosfleld South, After
her marringe she resided in KiRgs-
ville and was one of the town's earl
{est residents. Mr. McLeod died two
years ago. ~ She leaves besided ler
two daughters mentioned ahove two
sons, Robert, Supt. of the ©, W. & A.
Rallway, and E. S. McLeod, jeweler,
also of Windsor, Robert Williams, of
Union, a brother, is the only surviv-
{ng member of the family.

COLCHENI'ER NORTH,

Robt. Hart, of New Canaan, received
a message from the Militia Depart-
ment at Ottawn on Tuesday, stating
that his on, Pte. Eno Wm. Hart, No.
124468, Mounted Rifles, was officially
reported sightly wounded, and re-
maining at duty, October 30th, This is
the aacond time thet Pte. Hart has
been wounded.

Edgar Mills. a

The sad news was received last
week that Corp. Stanley Tink had
been killed fn action in France. He
was 20 years of age and one of the
first 16 enlist in the 99th two years
ago and although in many of the ge-
vere hattles had escaped until now.
Stanley was one of our most popular
young men and admired by all here,
where most of kifd life hind been spent,
and all singerely regret that he will
not return. His parents, who now live
in Windgor, have the sympathy of their
many friends.—A. H. Pardo's sale on
Tuesday was well attended and good
prices, were realized, total proceeds
amounting to about * $2,000. Cows
brought as high as $142.60. Mr. and
Mrs. Pardo are maving to Detroit, nnd
will be much missed from our com-
munity, —Mrs. James Brown and fam-
fly, of Kingsville, visited here for a
few days this week.—James Jones and
wife and Wm. McDowell and family, of
Detroit, and Milo Pardo, of Cedmr
Springs, visited et A, H, Pardo's, thils
weelki—E.- Brimner, of Leamingtom,
and N. Atkin, of Malden, were Jn omr
village on Tuesday.

apa

LEAMINGTON.

Pte. «Robert , Penfold has arrived
safely” in -England.

Mre. Borrowman and som havo we.
turned from Hamilton.

Irwin Armstrong, who, has been iin
Hotel Dien for several months, hay
just returned home, greatly improved.

Bruce HI, of Wallaceburg, fi
starfing* a butcher slop in town. He
will oceupy the old stand on the Econ-
amy market.

A. E. Law received word that his
youngest brother, Lance-Corporal
Archie Law, of Oshawa, was killed

—
0

SANDWICH" WEST.

Albert Baker, of Sandwich West,
arrested by Inspector Mousseau and
Sergt Giles for being Intoxicated and
having two bottles of whiskey in his
possession on Pitt street east, was
fined $50 and $12.60 costs, He was
stopped firat by Inspector Moussean
and showed fight when he learned
who the inapéctor was, Sergt. Giles
came to tho Inspector's assistance and
Baker, who {8 n young farmer boy,
was taken to the police cells,

DSOR.

RR

Threo hundred and soventy-five
Windsor property owners have filed
notices of nppent with the Board of
Revision against taoir 1917 assess.
ments, claiming they are dispropor-
tionate with the growth of population
and arguing that wiile county prop-
erty 18 pisessed comparatively lightly,
the rate on city holiings is pushed up
to the “Penk Load" psint. Since 19056
tae population of Windsor has just
diaried white in t.¢ vame period the
ugacpszed value of city property has
increased threo and one-half times.

Parents of Pte. Leo J. Boufford,
Uving at 108 Trumbull avenue, De-
troit, were notified Friday that the
youth hdd heen wounded, while fight-
ing with the Canadian forces 19
France, and had been admitted to a
hospital at Letreport, France. Pte.
Boufford formerly resided in Wind-
gor, He enlisted in the 241st Batta'-
fon, when recruiting for that. unit
opened, In the summer of 1916, and
was one of the first men of the bat-
talion to be sent across the channel.
The notification sald he was suffering
from shrapnel wounds.

ee

COMBER.

Mrs. John R. Calder, for may years
a resident of Tilbury West township
and Comber, died on Wednesday, No-
vember 14th, 1817, at the home of her
daughter, Mrs. Thomas Carder, Al-
buna, after several weeks illness of
heart trouble, In her 77th year. Mrs.
Carder was born in the village‘of Nor-
wood, county of Peterborough, and wns
a daughter of the late James Green-
bank. On the 10th day of May, 1864,
she was united In marriage to John
R, Calder, who predeceased her about
five years ago, and she leaves to mourn
her loss a loving mother, four sons
and six daughters: Alex, of Camp-
beliville; William and Louis, of Sas-
katchewan, and Jolin, who resides on
the homestead, and Mrs, Thos, Carder,
of Albuns; Mrs. Wn. Brenley, Mich.;
Mra, J. T. Ferguson, of Leamington;
Mrs. A, E. Scratch, of Calgary; Mrs,
Win. Roadhouse and Mrs. John Me-
Fadden, of Tilbury West,

— re.

WHEATLEY.

The Fenian Raid voterans of Leam-

&

ington and Wheatley met together in

Wheatley on Saturday of Inst week
and spent a very pleasant afternoon.
A largo banner of the Allies, made by
the Daughters of the Empire, was
wtretched across the four corners of

tlio room for the occasion, and attract-
oul considerablg

attention: © The vets
erans from Leamington arrived at
noon and assembled at the office of
Major , Ts M. Fox, and spent a couple

3 "Fi

Get Behind the Whe
of a Ford and Drive

11

If you have never felt the thrill of driving your own car, there is some-
thing good in store for you. It is vast. different from just riding—beirg
a'passenger: And especially so if you drive a Ford.

RY it just once! Ask your friend to let you ‘‘pilot’’ his car on an
open stretch. You'll like it, and will be surprised how easily the
Ford is handled and driven.

irls, women and even grandfathers—thousands of them—

Young boys, ind ever (
cars and enjoying it. A Ford stops and starts in traffic

are driving Fo

with exceptional ease and smoothness, while on country roads and hills
its strength and power show to advantage. ’

Buy a Ford and you will want to be behind ‘“‘the wheel’ constantly.

Runabout: = + $475
Compelet 4 = $770
Sedan $970
Touring =~ = $495

THE UNIVERSAL CAR +
F. O. B. FORD, ONT.

| KEMP FURNITURE. CO, Dealer, Amherstburg. |
F. 1. BRANTON, Daler, Harrow.

TOWN OF ESSEX.

per dish. Don't supply. your table

(jon exemption of farmers, and request

rehearings at another tribunal.

Addressing the Montreal Rotary
Club, Harry Lander, safd that it the
French of Qucbes refused to fight
[they wero not of the same biood es
[the people of France, but of bastard
blood:

The sum of. §5,000%has been cols
lected In fincs by the Montreal. Re-
corder's Court frpmy inmates of
houses of the red-light district dur-
ing tho past two days as & result of
police ralds.

Rishop Bldwell of Kingston has is-
sued a pastoral headed, “The Coming
Election,” in which he pressesjon his
people to lay asile everything and
vote for maintaining Canada's war ef-
fort at full.vigor.

The Canada Temeperance:Act 18 to
be suspended; fn Northumberland,
York and Carelton counties, ' New
Brynswick, so long as the Provincinl
Inw contaln® restrictions which™ are
a8 great as those of tho Federal Act.

Tho nowspapers aro reporting
some strongp freaks of ‘nature this
season, For instance, how fs it we
have such a great.crop of beechnuts
and on squirrels to harvest'thom?.The
red squirrel is a rare sight this sea-
son and although we brand Lim as a
thief, yor ‘we would miss him eome-
, _Jtimes. The farmer seems to always
UNI he I trouble. Last year orwas puz-
zled to know what to do with his eat~
tio for want of feed, and this year he

fs puzzled to know what to do with

in action on October 30th, somewhere'lof' Hours In socla) chats” At 2 pan,
in France. \ lthey marched to the Methodist church

The many friends of C.\Tedrow willl and sat down to a chicken supper pro-
bo pleased ta learn that Ho has great-'wided by the 1.O.D.E. Steven Fox, of
ly Improved from Ids recent slight |llLeamington, was foastmaster. “Our
stroke of paralysis, and fs mow able to { Country,” wine responded to by Major
EO out. M, M. Fox, who_related interestingly

J. H. Foster, of Detroit ,was in town | tho experiences of thé old veterans in
| Tuesday spéndfbg the day, with lis [ithe years gone by, when defending
sisters, Misses Elsie nnd Mildred, be- lCanadg when = threatened with inva-
fore their departure Wednesday for |mjons “Our Boys Overseas” was re
California. : sponded ‘to by Pte. Allan Wemp, one

Mrs. (Dr.) Kelley and children, ofl} of the returned boys, and responded
Florence, returned home on Frifiiy, [to by Rev. J. F. Rutherford, who
gfter spending a fo wdays with Mrs. {spoke very feelingly of the brave Can-

“Mra, (Rev.)'J, Crawford, of Essex,
spent a few days with her sister, Mra,
Wm. Geddes.,”—Strathroy Age
Earl, son of Orson Kawiins, = was
removed to Hotel Dieu on Sagarday,
and opémted on for appendi¢itis, Ho
{s improving nicely.
Ass Bertha Thomas left on Friday
last for Cnlifornin to spent the
whiter for the bepefit of her health.”
Mra, Thomas purposes spending the
most of tho winter with her son
George, at Chatham,
Angus, son of A.C. Doan, wag re-
woved to Hotel Diou in Windsor, on
Saturday, and underwent no success-
Jul operation for appendicitis, from
which he is recovering nicely.
Wm, Hyland sold. last week to Mr. =
Hogan, of Chatham, Hans Johnson's . v

iy ncres i Jsdis Besa, or 32,000, E A ea h bs
an IAS NBO BO 0 r. J er, Oo "i
: in work, study or play-

, ‘TRAPS, SPORTING GOODS
98 HALLAM. Limited.
ALLAM: BLDG. TORONTO.

! AND
CAT iE oron >
GAL Embalmer, Murray St.

pr Day or might.

Windsor, Perry Stultz's [Dacpe farm
an the Belle River Road in Gosfield
North, for $4,700.

«0. B. Freeman has old hs residen-
tial property on Laird avenue, to Geo.
Ti. Gammon, of Gosfleld North, for
$2,600, possesion to be given Docem-
baer 1st. Mr apd Mrs. Froeman will
reside with thele daughter, Mrs. Glen
Thomas, and Mr. and Mrs. Gammon
will move to town.

Aug. Klingblle - received word on
Tuesday from the superintendent of
the Asylum for tho Feeble Minded at
Oriflin, that his son Edward, who was
committed to that institution abont
glx months ogo, died very suddenly
there. on Monday. Decensed wor 24
years of age, and had beén a clinrgo
fluce eohildlwod. The remains were
Interred at Orillia,

Another Essex box wns roported on
Thuradey morning in the casunity iat,
Mr. and Mrs, John Wortley roceiving
a message from the Militia Depart-
ment stating that Pte, Joseph Henry
Wortley, ‘No. 213184, infantry, was
officially admitted to No, 3 Field Ame
bulanca. Dapot, November. 4th, with
gos polwoning. = Pte. Wortley went
overseas with tho 99th. | ke
np? I —
GOSFIELD SOUTH.

5 Trinity. . .
Misa. Edith Malott, of the Section’
road, ip visiting for a woek with: rel-
atives In Malden.—Master Russell Cog-
(hill, Mitle son of Burwell Coghill, ia
visiting for a. few ‘days’ with his
grandmother, Mrs, Neville, of Barrett-

~Mign! Ells Drake's a

Teeth, breath, appe~
tite, digestion and.
spirits are the bets

pleasantly sweetens
~ and soothes: mouth

Kelley's brother, Walter Willson, Rus- |adian boys who have gone overseas
scll street. and some of whom will never return.
Thos. Wilkinson's numerous friends | Rev, H. Jones very ably responded to
will regret to ‘learn that ho Is lying) “Our Navy,” reminding all of tiie work
critically {1k at iis home on Mil) street. [of the British navy, ever guarding the
He recently sold, his farm at Staples | seas. A solo by C. Robinson, one of
and moved to fown. the veterans, 80 years of age, was well
Word was rocelved of the illnéss. of | received, as was also & quartet num-
Mrs. Sharpe at Toronto, and’ her|ber by four of the ladles. The alter-
daughter, Mrs. Walter Willson, and noon’s program was brought to a
two daughters left Thursday for To-|close by singing “Auld Lang Syne.”
ronto. They expect to be gone for + a=
soins time, 3
te. Percy Weir, who enlisted with
the 99th Battallon, has” arrived In THE CAUSE OF BACKAC
town,. Pte. Wier has been invalided | a
‘home, being severely wounded some Every muscle in the body needs
time ago, and. forced to stay In a hos-lconstantly a supply of rich, red
pital for several months. He 18 well {blood in proportion to the work ft
known here. 4 + |does. The muscles of the bnck are
Misses Eislo and Midred Foster left Funder a heavy * n and have but
Wednesday morfiing for Montréal {littl erest. When the blood is thin
From there they will go to Vancouver {they lack nourfshment, and the re-
and thence to Los Angeles, They will jult {a a sensation of pain in thoso
his feed for.want of cattle. return to Calgary for Christmas and | muscles. Some people think pain in
The Toronto World (Conservative) Fipend the wintersthere. the back means kidmey trouble, but
says: “If the farmer aoes not join his} “froin Armstrong, who fell*from nthe best medical suthorities agree
fellow farmers and Ignore politica he fpyilding in Walkervile about four |that backache seldom or never has
will nover be able to secure What ho I months ago and sustained serious in- |anything to do with the kidneys.
wants. IY he wishes to secure more of Yiyries, and since then has been laid FOrganfe kidney disease may have
the profits of his sales he must resort Iyp {n Hotel Diéw, returned home Sat- to nn critical point with-
to co-operation us it-has been adopted }yrday, much Improved. out developing o pain. in the back.
elsewhere, and as ho has done to a) WwW. B. Clifford, of Union, delivered | This being the case pain in the back
Nmited extent in Canada in some Mines | to the Imperial Tobacco Co. here last should always lead the sufferer to
‘The Inbor mon and the farmer mustf week the product of 18% acres of [fook fo the. conditiox of the blood.
get together and .promots thelr com: {Virginia flue-cured tobacce, which net- Fit will bo found in most cases tat
mor utercets If they wish to solve | ted him $0,008.64. So far as is known [the use of Dr. Williams’ Pink Pals
thelr common problems.” That's It¥this is seid to be the lorgest return fio build up {he blood will stop tho
no nut shell. Vato against the “DIE ner acre for a tobacco. crop grown sensation. of pain in: the It-nourished
interests” every time. -<Another oppor | either in Canada or the United States. | muscles of the ‘bac! How  muc!
tunity Is open to the farmor to fur-} For years it has been customary | hotter {t is to try Dr. Wiliams' Pluk &
ther his own’ intercsts on: December | when the hunters return fromthe far | Pil for the blood than’to give way: ’
17th. “ ; north to have a venison digner and [to unreasonable ‘alarm abo! your
Depressing statistics about the loss- | Use the proceeds for some good cause. | kidn It you auapect your kidneys
on fn War come not #0 frequently’ from: This year the dinner was held in the|iny doctor can make tests in ten
soldiers themselves but mainly from | basement of the Methodist church | minutes that will set your fours at
civiilans who have never, as the old: | And was most succdentul. The meat | rest, or tell you the worst. But in
fashioned Teller used ta say, even shot was = delicious, © lomemade lany event to bo perfectly healthy
oft an ash barrel, roid B. Peat, | ted, | was) ox- | ust keop the blood in’ good:
{wie recently: akrved: ¢wo' years. ~ The D ( ; i 2 nd’ for: thia ‘purpose no.
the first © cont! t, i . . rid a can oqual Dr, W)
§ to the 5 ou
0 bo

bi abl okt i a t [3 pow, Lakeview, C
“a tho war 1s aver, 2} Tt mst six | nitéd “for + {mpr
the | months : J

 
