COLCHESTER NORTH.

A very pleasant surprise was sprung

NOT WANTING ELECTION. |

That there Is no digposition at
on Wm, Hyland and wife on Tuesday | eee red? Queen's Park, Toronto, to have a
avarng of lost week when about a ld general election was the opinion ex-
hundpd neighbors and friends gather. We ? pressed by several Parliamentarians
ed at {ielr home in the 14th conces. | = eak d closely In touch with the powers that

slon of (nlchester North, to give them

a be at Parliament Buildings. One elec-

a farewell party, prior to thelr moving | ® . \ » toneering prophet, however, thought
For Infants and Children, 10 Winders Where they will reside, oy Sore, moat peo ii i ol hs suaanebsnk of te Savem

 ——— io Prienin brought plentiful sup. | opp. Through the winter ‘months shut | {he Jigs batt) t Onc

ply of oysters antother delicacies with up a great deal in heated house, office, or | LC. 88 that the story from Ottawa

Mothers Know That then and to add, 0 the pleasure of factory, with little healthy exercise in the Yoresasting 2 Brovincia) olagbon ae a

\ . the evenjng, alsc® ought a pair of —oati ore orerunner to an appeal to the Domin-
» . . handsome ensy curs, Which were So idea Rp {on voters was strengthened. It may,
Genuine Cast presented to Mr. and Mrs, Hyland, | poisons! The best spring medicine and be that Ligss Who hold .the views at

ona accompanied by an address, express- | tonic is one made of herbs and roots vith. | Queen's Park are keeping their plans

ta ng regret a a runoval from the Put Mlsolio) thing was first discovered by A aaron, bi ” the B)rtace hore

po meme 5 section, And extending best wishes jo | Dr. Pierco—years ago. Made of Golden { ile an elec cam.

neat Faron rks. them fn (helr new home, fhe ps Seal root, blood root, with glycerine, jt | PBN. - One prominent Cabinet Minis-

Hing he Stomachsand Boneless. was read by Bethel Croft. snd the pre. | is called’ Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical | ter on Saturday said that lie did not

funtations made by George Greaves | Discovery. Ingredients on wrapper. Ig [think there was any Ikelihood ofa

and Wy, H. Thomas. Mr. and Ms. | eliminates from tho blood diseasc-breed- | Provincial election fn the immediate

Hylaud, who have sided fn Colches. | ing poisons. It makes the blood rich and [ future. Premier Hearst, in a recent

” ter Nort) for many. years past, are | pure, and furnishes a foundation for speech in He Legislature, said the

Promotes Digestion Cheerfid moving (0 Windsor. They will carry Bounds Diiysionl oak, . Soverimien iad at least another year

Va 4 ness and Res; With them the best wishes of thn com. or sale by druggists; or send Dr, :

Tnunity for their feture happiness ang | Pierce, Invalids’ Hotel, Buffalo, N. Y,, CE

rosperity 10¢. for trial package. POTATO CROP ADVISED
prosparits EC Ror Sickpeople are nied to consult Dr. TO PRECEDE ALFALFA 5
: Bedeat GIES SANDWICH. Pierce, by letter, free. 8" To City, Town and Village Dwellers in Ontario,
OI DSU —

—_— For sections where early potatoes
Peferboro, Ont.—“ Dr. Pierce's Golden | succeed, the Ohio Experiment Station

Medical Discovery has been beneficial to recommends this crop as one of the

4 me. I bave taken | best to precede alfalfa, since the land
this medicine as a | is usually well fert{lized and manured,
‘spring tonic,’ to and frequent cultivation kills nearly

tone me up and lall weeds before alfalfa {8s seeded
take away the lnn-

guid feeling one
sometimes has in

Three sonths in gaol, with the
promise of further prosecution at the
expiration of his term, was meted out
Inst week {0 Walter Mailloux, aged 20,
In Windsor police court, on a charge
of obtaining money under false pre-
tenses. In passing sentence Magis-
Irate Legguft denounced Mailloux as
being unresponsive to a good home, and
sald he wag a disgrace to his family,
After, {t ig alleged, forging-a cheque
for $22 on & Windsor merchant, Mail-
loux skipped out to Toledo. On the
ulght of the celebration of: the British
victory, he - returned to Windsor,
Since his arrest, many other com-
plaints have been made, including one
AB arth SC of obtaining money by falsely repre-
ih Can senting himself a5 an agent. for a
35 OSES -35 E magazine. F. H. Primenu, a (business
SS a a man of Detroit, brother-in-law of ac.
cused, was {i court, and announced he

would settle any claims against Mail.
loux.

Keep hens this year

ES and poultry prices, the like of which have seldom
Or never been experienced, certainly make it worth
anyone's white to start keeping hens. By doing so

you have fresh eggs at the most tri ng cost. At the same

time you have the splendid’ satisfaction of knowing that

you are doing something towards helping Britain, Canada

and the Allies achieve victory this year,

Increased production of food helps not. only to lower

the high cost of living, but it helps to increase the

urgently needed surplus of Canada’s food fer export,

It saves moncy otherwise spent for cges and poultry

at high. prices, and saves the labor of others whose
¢fort is-needed for more vital war worl,

The Ontario De

every possible a

poultry lieeping

The potatoes can he harvested for late
July or early August alfalfa seed-
ings, and a good seed bed can be pre-

me, and I pared merely by disking and harrow-
it to be very ing.

gol, aiave so Fleld peas have also been found
lots’ and found then satisfacgory when cut for hay as a
00 Dn very good preparatory crop for alfalfa. Such
) medicine, ooh midsummer: seedings of alfalfa have
highly recommend Dr. Pierce's medicines been found by the Experiment. Statfon
as being of the beet.” —Mnra. Joun P. more. satisfactory than spring « seed-
Brown, 216 Woodbine Ave, ings of oats or barley. Most alfalfa
failures are attributed to competition
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets best for | with weeds and nurse crops that)
Stomach and Liver. provide excessive shade and leave too

- little moisture and plant food for the

LEAMINGTON. or EEDED FOR HENS.

Aperfect Remedy for Conelips-
lion. Sour Slomach,Diarrhoss,
Worms Convulsions Feverish

ness and LOSS OF SLEEP:
TacSimie Sighature of

Retin:

“Tue. CenTAUR COMPANY.
MONTREALANEW YORK

TS Th

partment of Agriculture will give
ce by affording information about
for free bulletin ‘which tells how

to keep hens. (add-

tow)
clow). -
~—— re Since hens on range produce more :
- .
{AN r 3 Mrs. Robert Maxwell, 1st concession, eggs at a lower cost, and fewer 3 Gs ay
A d } y | young r AE
KINGSVILLE. Is critically ill with pneumonia, which |}enq ‘aie, than do those kept In con- sn Vegetante garden
or prevented the family from leaving last .

finemem, the Ohio Experiment Station
urges poultrymen to provide outside
yards with plenty of green feed for
laying . liens... The annual value per

A. J. Adanys is moving his household
effects from Detroit to his farm here
this week

Mrs. Geoyge Cady had the misfor-

week for British Columbia, where they
intend to spend the next year.

Mr. and Mrs. Willard Girardin, ae-
companied by Lewis Livingstone, left

for every home”

Nothing should be ove:
war. The Depariment carn

CANADIAN NEWS.

odin this vitalvear of the

* THE ENERGY FOOD

ly invites everyone tobe
i acre of range for laying hens was 3 OT ucts hae oy FN ek ie tol cp
— tune to slip and fail one day last | Saturday of Inst week for Sedalia, Al- ! merease production by Ing vegetabl Even the
G Dominion Express Money Orders are week, fracturing two ribs Berta Mr: Girardin owns 360 acres of founa? io Le i j10 19 td oy smallest’ plot of gro | properly cuitivated, pro-
The Vim and Vitality One Gets on sale in five - thousand offices Miss Ewa Chisholm, wlio hos not | 1and which he is going to. look after | L10USD some other livestock was also REL ’
From-Oats throughout Canada. been in gwod health for some time,

pastured in the bluegrass pasture with
the chickens.

Three experiments were conducted
by the experiment station towdeter-
mine whether hens need range for best
results in egg production, one lasting
a year, one two years and the third
nearly two years and a half, From
these tests dt was found that during
the first two or three years more hens
are likely to die 4t kept. in restricted
quarters, and the hens on range pro-
duced 15 to 44 per cent more eggs at a
feed cost of 15 to 36 per cent. less per
dozen- than hens Kept in confinenient,
The difference between cust of feed

=<duces a surprising am
not essential,

On request the Department of Agriculture will send
vilnable hterature, {rec of charge, giving complete dirs
tions for preparing sail, planting, cultivation, ete, - A plan
of a vegetable garden, indicating suitable crop to grow,
best varieties and their arrangement in the garden, wil
be sent frce to any address.

Address letters to “Vegotable Campaign,”
Department of Agriculture, Parliament
Buildings, Toronto

Ontario Department of Agriculture

of vegetables, + Experience is

this year.

Frank Coultis, of Detroit, who has
been laid up at the home of his par-
¥ s ents, “Mr. and Mrs. Charles Coultis,
Wiss Grace Cooper, greduate nurse, | for the past three weeks with an at-

Who has for some time been in the |tnck of rheumatism, is improving
Baby's Dispensary at Cleveland, Ohio, | somewhat.”

spent Sunday and Monday here. She Mrs. McLean, residing with her son-
left Tuesday for Regina to take charge | in-law, Everett Wiglé, on the Mersea
of school nursing for the Board ot Edu- and Gosfield South townline, received
cation of that city, : the sad Intelligence Monday that her

Mrs. M. L. Ulch entertained a num. | son, Neil, had been killed in a rallroad
ber of friends on Wednesday to din- wreck at Needles, Cal. The deceased,
ner, it being the 76th biithdey annl- | who was a brakesmzan; was 30 years
versary of her mother, Mrs. Jolin J. [of age and leaves a widow. They both
Malott. Those present were Mrs, W. | visited their mother liere last summer,

Miss Mary Boyle, of Hamilton, 91

ris something in oato which creates years of age, was fatally burned while
Sits laren van bring attempting to light a ges stove.

or HoTses: Ihgy bave the same [ J. Albert Mills, of St. Catharines,

former suprrintgndent of th: water
works departniont, died suddeniy,

John G. Gauld, K. C., of Hamiltom,

i has been appointed deputy judge of
“feel their oats.” the County Court of Wentworth,

“tO ] John Atkinson, a switchman in the
Grand Trunk yards at Niagara Falls,
was crashed to death between two
CATS,

Thomes P. McCormick, of the Mec-
Cormick Manufacturing Co., died Sat-
urday ‘in London, following a month's

was aperated on at Harper hospital,
Detroit, Monday of last week, for ap.
pendiicitis.

s employed nnn t
8 one's vi
cn—men. of

lat k Hai and yalue of-eggs was from 27 to 71 W. H. Hearst, Minister of Agriculture
I { G. Fox, Mrs, C, H. Robinson, Mrs. Had- a ee an per cent, highér for the range lot than . 03: :
| vane |1 fess. AER a muieite, snus ley D: Robinson, of Leamington; Mra. ; for the confined lot Parliament Buildings Toronto 11
vet from. oatmenl, Oc Dever knows c RS , 0 > | John Staddon, Arner; Mr. ond Mrs, \ y ISSEX ! ih S ¢
Ty a cat food iy; or what it cun do, uo transfer fo the Ontario ‘Reformatory., rs TOWN OF ESSEX.

Herbert Malott, Detroit; Mr. and Mrs. |
E. O. Scrifch, “Mr. and Mrs, Dorey
Wigle and Mrs, Robert Fleming, A
pleasant day was spent by all,

~~ Pr —

GOSFIELD SOUTH.

til be tries Quaker Oats.
Made jg Canada. Qs)

FISH NETS

CB. Nistor, wie ant _asugneer,| SATISFIED MOTHERS.

Gertrude, Imve returned llome from .
spending on couple of months in Flor No other medicine gives as great

ida. satisfaction to. mothers as does
Harold Bricker, who recently under

to serve elghteen months, escaped
from Brantford gaol.

F. Zodwornyz, who killed a seven-
teen-year-old Rutherian at a Galician
wedding, was convicted of manslaugh-
ter at Humbaldt, Sask.

A tribe of Sioux Indians wants to

A ALY i Ruthven. dicitis, has yvered from same | babe or the growing child. They are
: Lab ” appen 8, 1
0 3d) fight the Germans, About %, re This distr'ct is now. one of the bus, p Te : } > : :
ears aco. vould have been p. pretly res iu r Dontlaion: ~ idverys VIE aH DNase cdibly 40 : =
even thing between them. h nu the N “Breed IF 5

body Is moving, and the result will be
that never in the history of Gosfleld
South will have better crops be grown
than those being started this year.
Every availoble foot of ground will be
forced to grow something, which will
be of use to the country.—A large
number are. buying incubators, and

The Murray Government (Consérva-
tive) in New Brunswick, a month and
four days after its defeat in the ¢lec-

GUNS, TRAPS, © tion, yielded up the seals of office.
JOHN HALLAM. Limited/ The spring thaw having flooded the
408 HALLAM BLDG., TORONTO. yrvers, a funeral in Turcot, a suburb

of Montreal, had to be conducted
partly in.boats secured by the police.

: SHINGLES, LATH, CEDAR POSTS, BAI

BOARDS, JOISTS, MOULDINGS OF ALL KINDS
DOOR SASH, WOODEN EAVETROUGH, RUB.
BEROID ROOFING, BEAVER BOARD.

week, by which she recefved iu, St. Pamphile, Que. writes:
gash in her arm whfch required several "Baby's Own Tablets and’

stitches. with them and
‘Herman Klingblle appeared: before | would use no other medicine for my

P. M. Beaman, on Monday of last week [little ones.” The Tablets are sold
andl pleaded gulity to being intoxi- | by medicinesdenlers or by mall at 25
cated. He was fined $60 and costs— |cents.a box from The Dr. WHlicms’

RING Goops

L. BERTRAND The death occurred suddenly in the | t10US&nds of chickens will be on the | a tonl of $6553, Medicine Co., Brockville, Ore. Place Jour order with us and save money.
run aan R 2 opty > St. Gatharines, of J, |MmArkets from here next fall. Growers Mrs. (Capt.) T.. W. Fawcett, of SEE aE 4 4 y
R b usge se, St. 4 ¢ | have already started plowing the large

Saskatoon, Sask., is visiting her sister, HOW TO TEST SEED CORN.
Mrs. Mfvart Robinson. Capt. Fawcett

Is paymaster of the 18th Reserve Bat- With corn selling for the highest
the. land will be thoroughly worked. tallon,. stationed at Debgate, Eng. price In history, farmers should. be
Manyeproducers here will £0 more ex- Emérson Gardiner, who has been in particularly careful to test its value
tensively Into the raising of lerge | the employ of W. H. Richardson for | before planting. The Ohio Experi-
herds of bigs, while many others are | goveral years pust, has purchused the | ment Station .in five years® investiga.
BetUDE Tiady' to prepare cattle and | furniture and undertaking business of

RACTICAL Embalmer, Murray Sto Albert “Mills, former superintendent
P Amherstburg, Day or nj y ‘of the waterworks and a veteran of

a 4 Phone 1866.
4 The Alberta Legislature passed es-
timates and supplementary estimates
amounting to $8,734,624.12 chargeable
to'income and $2,676,811 chargeable to

flelds. Tongs of fertilizers are now be-
ing spread over hundreds of acres, and

JOHN FRASER

_ Planing Mill and Lumber Yard,

AMHERSTBURG, ONT.
capital — : i tions found that with corn at only 50
7 ’ Pte. James Fletcher, of Brantford, other live: grock for the fall markets, | James Beverley, 4n Exeter, and is [cents a bushel testing seed for germi-
GGETT reviously reported missing, i8 now | 24 all Jidications are that the dis. moving this week to that town. nation had paid at the rato of $6.85
CHAS. LE pra rted to have been buried’ alive, trict will imore thaw do its bit towards | H. S. Anderson, of Hamilton, has |an hour for time sv spent During
GRADUATE OPTICIAN. A being under- [ H€IPINE 16 fill the. large bonts bound been engaged by W. H.. Richardson. | iis period an increase of 4.11 hushels
Nineteen years experjonce. Hundreds of satis ound: tour days for England, —The large ice fields are to succeed Emerson Gardiner, in per acre was realized in favor of tested
5 Ged patients who sro ving. lesmonin.e gro from his stocking infecting a| f8t breaking up, and the boats will charge of his undertaking and furni- seed.
, Exclusive Optical Parlors, Main By. Kix > oe TE three weeks ago [5900 hw up, making the opening of [ture business. Ar. Anderson, who is |. To test seed corn six kernels fuken
. Issuer of Mariage License: ir ti OEath fram blood-poisoning navigation the earliest here in many married, has rented the Andrew Wag- [from different parts of each ear are
. C. P. R. Ticket Agent. ;

of a fourteen-year-old son of Philip
Herbert, Hyde Park, Ont.

*A, Leblanc, G. T.-R. brakesman, of
Riclimond;” Que., was instantly killed
by a shunting engine at Coaticook, and
O. Bergeron, of Chaudiere Curve, was
instantly Kliled similarly at Levis.

Eva Boyle, a munitions worker,
married, was sentenced to seven years
Og hi t in the penitentiary for manslaughter,
having shot and’ killed her lover,, Al.

: bert Haynes, on January Sth in Mopt.
DR..W. H. McBRIDE, het) Hagnes,'o
Veterinary Surgeon,

Major-General F. L, Lessard; mnspec-

i -Gel Toree: Eastern Can-

Office and residence ‘Dalhousie street south | tor-General of Fore és in r f
—near Wiklo MIL Ambosstburg. Ball Tele- (ada, is to take the military direction
phone No. 142 Calls nnswered doy r night. « of the recruiting in Quebec Province

for Lleut.-Col, the Hon. P. E. Bion.
din's battalion. .

A powder magazine containing two
hundred: boxes of dynamite ft Notre
Dame des Anges, Que, blew up, the
effects being felt in the parishes of

: St. Cosimir, St. Alban and Portneuf a
Don‘tletitrun : score of miles away.

years.—The maple surar season is on | ner residence on Talbot street. kept moist for about a Week .in ger
In full gwing here, and although a| Word. was received on Tuesday by (mination boxes at a temperatures of
fine sgwmple of syrup is being turned | T. B. S. Tweedale, from Mrs, Twee- 60 to 756 degrees. The shallow baxes
out the quantity will not be very large | dale, who went to Calgary a few weeks should be partly filled with soil and
OWing to the groves not being tapped | ago, that her mother, Mrs. Tarrant, | morked off.in 2-in. squares, and then
ID time, Ten doys earlier, owners 5ay, | who has been {ll for some time with [the ears should be numbered to corres-
Would have been the right time for Bright's diseasé, had died the night pond tothe squares [n the germination
this season.—The creeks are being | previous. Interment took place at|box. In this way any ears may be
patrolled these evenings ‘by the boys | Calgary on Wednesday. rejected tha: have kernels walch fafl
with ~. lantern in one hand. and a A business deal was made the past | to Sprout.

spear in the other looking for pike. | week by which J A.-& A. N. Hill dis- ee

Quite a number have -alrcady been |posed of their foundry and machine| A girl and three'men were arrested
landed. —Hothouse “tomato: plants are | shop in town to the Essex Tractor Co, | In Paterson, N.J, in connection with y
growing by leaps and bounds, and al- | Messrs, Hill will enter the employ of | Wholesale thefts of automobiles, said -

ready many. thousands of them are | the company, Josh looking after the [lo have been sold to a dealer there.

three and four inches hich, and show- machine department, and Abel the —
ing the beét color seen here for meray moulding department. The Tractor

erty women | Purity! Purity! Parice!
years, - Growers are all plensed with | Company are going abead with the 2 Purity! Purity! Purity!
manufacture of a numberof tractors 2
whieh they expect to _— :

the fine propects for a bumper crop.
- put on the

COLCHESTER NORTH. |Vlich they py od fy : 20 ; le ee
os "WINDSOR. SAFEGUARDED The one dominating note that runs
Pe. Walkhe Ra udiater. Loh Tlie all through the making of Sunlight™

C."H. Durnford, of Newmarket, has
been engaged as lineman for the Gos-

con. | field North Telephone system. Mr. | 241at Battalion, while In a despondent ers How They Were 1 itv : ; y
oo ong; it wilf \ cf) he ; gghes Sige Dudtioss of Son: Durnford {6 ,a married man, and will | mood tried to end his lite Monday by Carried Safely Through Soap 13 Purity 3 he $5,000 Ghai
fead to. caron i {) \ (naught, whos ‘mated. | ;ove his family here. His salary | gnshing bis throat and \his left wrist. Ri R an deat: 1 6
. indigestion. In S were interred on Monday in the crypt | cor be $1,100 a and duties wil | He was rushed to Hotel Dieu and mays» Change of Life. ¢ tee you get with ev ery sing Cc bar
3 hile of ihe -Ajberi¥Memorial’_ Chaps] at tommence the first of the month.—The
* you suffer from.

recover.
Frank Soldki, 30 years old, was
sentenced to six months’ imprisonment
Monday by Magistrate Leggatt in the
dsor police court, after. being
found guilty of having assisted sol- I

fers of Canadian battalions to desert.

Windsor, Eng. in the presence of
members of the Royal Family. i
Col. J.. T. Fotheringham, C.M.G., Té-
i 4 ronto, who has been serving In Eng-
sion. and sallow ? land and France as director of meédi-
oR lexion.Justtry {eal services for the second division,
nd MBERLAIN'S B [|has accepted oppointment to the new
M IACH&LIVER office as director of medical services
TABLETS. They re- dl: for invalids. He sails for Canhda this
\ month. ,
indigeation == wo BE \|' Lightning destroyed the barn and
contents on the farm of Ed. Ferguson,
10th concession of Caradoc, on Satur-
day night. Five horses, five head of
| a iy ~ | cattle. nine shecp, 150 ee {north or west side of the electric rail: | mistake for headache lozenges Sntur-
% CATARRH CANNOT BE CURED |bushels of oats and » number of way tracks. —T. S. Slote, who has bean | day shermus. eas iar 20 got Suse
4 with LOCAL APPLICATIONS, aa they | implements were destroyed /In very poor health since he was at-| came so severe that he was removed
Te i or consticationai |, Tiree cattle of Norman Smith Har tacked and badly bruised by a bull [to Hotel Dieu for treatment. :
Catarrh is a blood or constitutional oc; township, were instantly killed: some months ago, was removed to Ho- | Old age
disease, and in order to cure it yo | w},ep lightning struck the barn during tel Dieu hospital in Windsor. on Tay.

sed the death Sunda
: of Mra. Elizabeth Woolison, aged 1 Agisssachusesis Woman Writs
must take internal remedies. Hall's]. “oaotric storm which visited the day, and operated on, on Wednesday.
Catarrh Cure is taken internally, and county late Saturday night. Lightning afternoon. Mr. Slote is suffering from

> a“) v
years, at her home, 179 Wellington | Blackstone, Mass. fer Ty ionbles
avenue. She had been {Il for some | Were from n my age, ad 1] willy
acts directly on the-blood and mucous | ,y., yer the barn of Mr. Labute at Tubercular peritonitis, and his condl- time. Surviving are the: following | ®ick for three years. Ihad b ]
surfaces. Hall's Ca Cure is not| po. Bridge. Fire broke out and the tion is very serious.—Cottam came | sons and daughters: Edward, Wind-| often and frequently from
; bullding was soon demolisied. Mr. near having another serious. fire on
Labute was able to save his horses

> Toled Lydia E. Pinkbam's
Tuesday afternoon of last week. Mrs. Mix, Has.

Young Ireland Soldiers’ Club met at
the home of lurs! Cecil Jackson on
Wednesday: last, and packed a box
tontaining 39 flannel shirts, 1 dozen
bults pyjamas, and sent 40 pairs of
socks to the boys In the trenches.
This makes 129 pairs of socks since
the 1st of January, 1917.—An agita-
tion Is on foot to make a change in
the road near Bowers corner., The
proposition: is to close. the Division

miserable, sick
headaches, ner--
vousness, depres-

is not a mere advertisement. It
marks a standard set for the buyers
dia E. Pinkham’, ) . . :
ll Vagsiaple Cam : ‘who select the' choice Sunlight Soap. - .c=%
Hers of C4 ISiens fn 35 “ i et materials—for the soup boiler—for =
copter = i > he aly

46 and had the
y Tk CARES oF Lite, the expert chemists—for the girls,
Frank Ritchie, of the members of : > : ws
the original Princess Patricia. Cun | ot ag even, who wrap and pack Sunlight.
adian Light Infantry battalion, the Edd

road from where the electric rallway | first active service unit to leave Can- Inga oo bil feel. All are mindful of the Guarantee i
(track strikes = that road to Talbot [ada at the outbreak of the war, took —i1¢t 1S a source of gratification to

| street, and to open a road along the | two bichloride of mercury tablets in| y .
all the Sunlight workers.

Durand, Wis.—*“I am the mother of
fourteen children and I owe my life to

