  
 
 

 

In our showing of advanced Spring styles is
a myriad of different patternings and shade com-
binations that represent the last word. All ex-
clusive, all carefully selected, all moderately
priced and all characteristic of this store of dis-
While giving particular atten-

 
 
 

tinctive attire.

tidious fancy we have not forgotten the require-
ments of the working man and the conservative

  

This store is headquarter for Gor-
don, Loraine and Midland Specials.
Everything that is new will be found
here first, as well as the neat pitfarns
for the quiet dresser. We carry a ill
line of Stout Mews Shirts for the big
men,
i
}

Arrow and Gordon Collars—14 sizes
Perrin's, Bob Long and H. B. K. Gloves
Paris and Boston Garters :

 

WORK GOODS
We were particularly fortunate in

In these days of good dressing

business man.
ity garments with a range of popular pur
possibilities that cannot fail to please you.

 

LET THIS STORE BE YOUR GUIDE TO BETTER CLOTHES
VALUES AND GREATER CLOTHES SATISFACTION. EVERY-
*

THING MARKED IN PLAIN FIGURES. ONE PRICE TO ALL.

|

tion to modish models for young men of fas- H
Our stock combines high qual-

|

}

se

 

 

    

SRS

   

|

i {
: That's the modern name for Store Efficiency. We maintain
an Auto Delivery to give our patrons service, and work it to the |

limit. Do not fail to call No. 8, when you want Prompt, Cheer-

ful and Ready Service.
OVE

J. H. LOVEGR Phone 8, Amherstburg, On

GROCER SPECIALIST.

 

 

 

S or Masons, April 25th,
Get your sweetheart a nice box of

 

TOWN AND COUNTY.

 

 

our na { —the 6 1 on,
— William Manson, of the Tmperial | our candi A st in town, for
BA ny ti is —Mr. and Mrs. 2 = Beatie) of}
the: guest of Ar James; Kirtley, Wing {Detroitruare spending - 2 couple
; a Lb weeks with friends in town.
sireet es that he —O. Vanidour,” of Essex, was am-
—T. S. Asmar announces that A€ fH, 05a ee batch of invalided soldiers

Satur-

 

will open his ice cream parlor

day night. .
SI Welsh, of Windsor, spent the

week-end with Miss Sylva Pulford,
housie street.

i Viola Cottrell has returned
from a six weeks’ visit in Ridgetown,
Kitchener and Buffalo. :

%® James Wilderspin, of Alpena,
Mich., spent Sunday with his daugh-
ter, Mrs. John R. Menzies.

— Miss Eliza” Brown, of the Public
school teaching staff, Wallaceburg, i8
home for the Easter holidays.

—A. D. Burnley, of Brantford, was in

- town, this week, attending the funeral
of his uncle, the late Wm. Burnley.

— Miss Laura Cree, of the Normal
school, London, is spending the East
er holidays at Capt, S, A. McCormick's.

who arrived In Quebéc from Halifax,
on Tuesday.

An Easter social will be given in
he basement of the Methodist:church
on Tuesday evening, April 10th, Ad-
mission 15 cents,

—Capt;. Harry T. Cook left Sunday
for Rogers City, Mich., to fit out the
harbor tug there, on which he will sail
ter this seusan, b
e W. M. S. will meet in the
bitsement of the Methodist church on
Thursday afternoon at 2 o'clock, April
12th, Election of officers.

—Ernest Pineau, Norman . Boxall
and Lewis Langlois gave up their po-
sitions as crew of the lightship Falken
and have taken positions on land:

—It will be good news to the many

 

 

          
          
     
         
      
                  
          
         
          
      
          

  

f th friends of Capt. W. H. Gatfield to
id —Mr. Dawson, mils, aL THe learn that, he Is making very satis.
Brunner, Mond, has purchase € | factory progréss to complete recov-

Fred. Wood residence and property on
Elm avenue, i
“2M. Sullivan, dredging contractor,
was in town Friday for the first time
this season on business in connection

with his fleet. ;
—Charles Bordineau and wife have

moved back to town from’ Detroit, he
having been engaged on Solvay Pro-
dess Co.'s work. ]

—Order your jce cream for you
Easter Sunday dinner on. Saturday, in
pints; quarts and gallons, at C. J.
Saadff. - Phone 146! '

ery.

Y Tulips and other flowers in the
various’ ;jhorticultural beds about town
are making good progress, since, the
spring rains and sunshine are more
abundant. ;

—E. Saul, $5 Sandwich street west,
Windsor, was summoned to Des-
moines; ‘Iowa, on Saturday to the
edthbed of his son, Edward, who
passed away on that day.

—Mr. and Mrs. C. H
spending the week at Long Beach,
Cal., where Mr. Vahey is enjoying daily

 
    
  
 

—Corn! Corn for everyone! Come |i 0 in the Pacific... They are both en-
to my place on Bathurst street. Have} sso their trip immensely.
just received 4c best car of No. 117 \wiljam Cleveland and wife, of
. corn. W. E: A:in. ‘Phone 55. Leamington, have been spending a

e _ —During ‘the past week Edward
Crimmins purchased the "Ell Mero
property, Murray street, and sold it
to Bertrand & French for $500.

—The ladles of St. Andrews church
will hold a social evening in' the

4 \ church on Tuesddy evening, April 17th.

3 : Agdmidsion 10 cents and your old rub-

bers.

’ —Miss Emma Wigle has beén en-

gaged ns secretary by F. W.:Hnas,

couple of weeks at John Fraser's. Mr.
(Oleveland is just recovering from an
efkht weeks’ attack of typhoid. fever.
—Both the Middle Ground and the U.
S. Detroit river lighthouses have been
placed in commission for the season.
The doleful’ sound of the Bar Point
fog horn (s again a feature of the
spring noises. im te ATER
—DMiss Helene Hodges, R. N,, - of
London, was the guest of her sister,

        
       
    
  

 

       
   
 
    
    
   
  
    
   
    
    
   
    
   
    
 
   
      
  
    
    
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
   
 
     
 
  
   
   
   
  
   

   

      

  
   
   
  

* purchasing agent Brunner, Mond, and | Nyy Ny ¢. Hodged, of the Public
E assumed hey position in the office OB | guhool staff. Mrs. John Ry Menzies
» Friday. entertained the girls-of the "T, T.”

>) — Miss Wiley, wlio has been supply-
ing on the High school staff for six
“weeks during the illness of Miss
O'Connor, leaves this week for her
home in Dresden for Easter. {
—Saturday, April 7th, we will ‘have
special low price on all ‘home made
candids. Perhaps this week is the
best chance of the season, on account
of the jce cream season being now on.
} C. J. Saad, phone 1486.

3 —Rev. R. J. Lee, who hos been act-
ing rector. of ‘Christ church, Chatham,
during the absence of Capt. (Canon)
Howard, on overseas duty, eomes to
Windsor shortly after Easter to be-
come assistant rector jof All" Saints
church.

—A quiet wedding was solemnized
at the rectory of All Saints’ church,

_# Windsor on Monday. by Rev. Arthur

a > Carlisle; the contracting parties being

: Mrs. W. R. Pizer, of this town, and

Josiah Wigle, of Kingsville, Mr. dnd

{ Mrs. Wigle, -will make their hore in

f= Kingsville.

) —It is understood that the Provin-

cial: Department of Agrictlture has

pointed Mr. Fancher, of Guclph, as

corn expert for this district, according

' to the mrrangement outlined by Com-

missioner of Agricultere Creelman,

! when specking recently. at the Corn

Show" at Kingsville. Mr. Fancher Is

a product of Lambton county, but has

had considerable experience at Guelph

and other places. His headquarters

will be at Chatham. Thé Corn Show

executive found on going over affairs

that owing ‘to the defection of Kent

County, whose grants were not forth-

‘ coming when the show was held at

Kingsville, that the receipts were not

% large enough to mect the demands,

‘and the prize winners were pald off on
an 80 per cent. basis. }

“March proved true to tradition all

the way through. It came In &tormy
and departed in a whirl of rain. If
Sunday and Monday are any indication

. of what we may in April, far
mers are again in for a wet seeding
time. Many were glad of the storm as
the ground wad dry and required the
moisture to hasten germination of the
grain after it is planted. providing the

club in her honor Tuesday evening.

—Mrs. White, the Dominion Customs
Department female searcher, Is on the
job alongithe border.” This i§ a mean
advantage 10 tnke of ladles Who are
preparing to purchase their Eastern
toggery in Detroit. 7 The otlier day a
number of Sarnia womensafter a shop-
ping expedition in-Port Huron realized
that Mrs. White was “on thes job" in
real earnest. Easter hats and coats
In this year of war will have a dis-
tinctly Canadian flavor if Mrs. W. res
mains in our midst,

~The time tables for the annual
departmental examinations have. just
been (ssued. The Lower School, which
includes entrance into Normal schools
and Faculties of Education, Model En-
trince and Senlor Public School Grad-
uation} Senior High School Entrance
and English-French © Model Entrance
sits between Jude 12th and June 256th.
The"Middle and Upper schools, includ-
ing Middle School Entrance into Nor-
mal schools,” Gpper School Entrance
into Faculties of Education, pnss ma-
triculation, honor and scholarship ma-
triculation, ‘sits between June 7th to
June 29th. German authors and com-
position figure conspicuously on the
list of matriculation subjects.” The
Junfor High School Entrance and Jun?
jor Public School Graduation diploma
examinations are held between June
15th and June 22nd. The Junior High
School Entrance examination for 1917
will be held on Jane 20th, 21st and
22nd. The Junior Public School Grad-
uation examinations will be held on
June 15th to 22nd.

—The Toronto Globe publishes the
following despatch from Washington
regarding the new U. S. immigration
regulation that comes into force on
May 1st:—*“The $8 tax on aliens en-
tering the United States, which ap-
plies to all nationalities, Including
Canadians, was imposed by the imm}-
gration law which was possed over
President Wilson's veto in February.
It becomes effective May Ist. Canad-
ian, Newfoundlanders, Cubans and
Mexicans entering the United States
for a temporary stay are exempt if
they have rédided uninterruptedly in
“<3 ers from now on are neither too | those countries one year preceding
3 ent nor too copious. Everyone has | such entrance. The tax must be pad
y »|to the Collector of Customs of the
Port of Customs District to which the
allen comes, but if there is no collec
Jtor at such port or district, then th
| nearest collector by the master, agent,
owner or consignee of the vessel

   
  
   
  

   
     
     
       
   
   
    
      
    
     
  
 
    
   
   
   
   
   
  
  
    
  
  
   
    
   
   
   
    
   
     
   
  
     
   

Ld

    
   
  
    
    
 
   
    
  
  
   
    
  
 

   

 
 
 
  

¥ PHONE BE.

| autos.

|month.
Grant,

Vahey dre |

  
    
     
  
     
     
       
   

       
    
    
    
   
    
     
     
      
     
   
  
    
  
    
      
      
   
   
     
    
     
     
  
    
    
    
     
    
  

  
 
   
    
   
     
   
   

 

      
    
     
      
   
   

   
   
    
 

  
    

    
  

ion (ling. or other convey. |,

~—Nipe children havé been killed in
Detroit In the past nineteen days by.

—All must be paid this
John

accounts
See our advertisement.

—NMrs, H. A. Wright and children |
are spending the Easter holideys In
Goderich.

—Wim. Staddon has purchased the |
Union - Hotel property, corner Apsley
and Simcoe streets. He is offering it
to rent. » |

—The Bell Telephone Co, has Just |
issued a new telephone directory: The |
Amherstburg exchange contains 540 |
subscribers. |

—OQur ice cream will be as good as
ever—velyety, smooth and delicious,
Pints or quarts at any time youn wish.
C, J. Saad. Phone 146.

A’ carload of. Nature's Plant Food |

 

 

 

 

arrived. Pdrties wanting same would |
do well to see me at once, Henry
Cadaret, Amherstburg.

+ —Andrew Darragh is purchasing the |
Whillans residence and property; |
Richmond street, which willbe occu- |
pied by himself, brother “and sister. |
Miss Sullivan put the deal through. !
Mr. and Mrg, Whillans expect to
spend the summer with a daughter in
the West and then locate in Petrolia.

Regular meeting I. O. Diy E. Monday, |
April 9th, at the Casy Corner, at 3.30
All delinquent members are requested |
to pay In their dues at this meeting |
In order 10 give the chapter the privi-
lege of sending a delegate to represent |
us at the annual meeting in=Vivtoria,
B.C.

—Special Easter services will be
held at Wesley chureh next Sunday: —
9.30 a.m., Men's Brotherhood; 10 a.m, |
Young: People's Class; 10.30,  bap-
tismal and “reception service; 11.30, |
Sunday School; 7 p.m. “Immortality,
Is it reasonable?” Special Easter
music by the choir. Rev. A. M. Stuart,
B. A., will preach.

—A new record in values of down-
town property has been established in
a transection whereby E. J. Hickey
puchnsed 60 feet on Woodward aver
nue,” Detroit, with "100 feet on the
south side of Grand River avenue, for
$1,200,000. “This valuation of $20,000 a
foot front on Woodward avenue was
get by the heirs of Alexander Chapo-
ton, from whom. the purchase was
made.

—Section men employed on the |
Michigan Central Railway, between |
the Detroit, and “Niagara rivers, num-
bering about'one hundred, went out on
strike Monday morning. The men were
in receiptiof $1.90 per day for 10 hours’
work, and demeznded | $2.25 to $2.50.
The company. offéred“en increase of
10 cents per day, whch was refused by
the men. There are five hundred sec-
tion men employed on thé district, and
it 1s presumed nearly all of these will
he out this week.

—Ernest.> the ten.year-old son of
Mr. and Mrs. EN Maro, suffered a
terrible injury in \ Detroit Sunday,
which may cost him his life. “ He was
playing with some companions at the
MC: R. vards, jumping on and off
cars, when in some way he lost his
hold and fell Beneath a moving car
which ran over and crushed his right
arm off near the shoulder. He was
hurried in an ambulance to Emergency
hospital, where the arm was ampus
tated, and while very weak he has a
fighting chance for hig life:

“~The ladies of the R. C. church will
hold their fancy fair on Wednesday,
Thursdiy and Friday, afternoon and
evenings, of next week, Refreshments
of all kinds will be on hand, and the
different booths will be looked after
by the ladies in charge. The guess
cake, given by the Sisters, will be
highly appreciated by the lucky one,
and is now shown in one of the lead:
ing stores. Thprsday afternoon will
be children's day. and there will be
many attractions: for the little ones.
Admissjon for the evenings will’ be ten
cents, .

—The Neal Baking Company, Ltd,
of London, have purchased the large
established and well-known bakery
business on Rallway street, for many
vears conducted by the late Samuel J,
Spencer, in St. Thomas. The Neal
Baking Company has alreadyupurchas-
ed and arranged for the jmmediate
construction of three mammoth auto-
matic, continuous bread-baking ovens,
to be installed in its new Jocnl plant.
The comppny- intends to expend $26,
000 on new buildings, modérn equip:
ment and machinery during thé next
few months... The new company oper-
ates plants in Windsor, Sarnia and
London, and has built up its splendid
reputation as bread manufacturers
throughout the Province of Ontario
strictly on the quality of its produet
and service given the gencral public.

—The casualty list in Friday's pa-
pers comes home to several homes In
Amherstburg. In the list of killed ap-
pears the name of Percy Bansor, of
Donavon, Sask.,, who was killed in ac-
tion. Pte. Bonsor was a brother of
Charles and Herbert Bonsor and Mrs.
Alexander Anderson, of this town. He
had spent ten years at Donavon, Sask.,
with his father, and enlisted from
there In the Princess Patricins. He
was a fine specimen of manhood. An-

1
|
|
|

 

 

   

lingwood, and one brother and two
ploters In England. The news of his
death wns a great shock to relatives
here, who had just received letters
from England, from which they learn-
ed that he was only then leaving for
. Thy. accom the ou new

same resignation that m
arn a s5e tron]

 

 

 

 

| day.

| route next Monday.

| worthy and no doubt will meet with &

      
      
      
       
    
    
   
    
     
     
    
    
   
    

     
   
   
       
     
    
     
    
     
     
   
    
    
     
      
   
    
   
       

     
     

   
    
    
     
  
 

     
   
   
  
 
  
  
 

other sister, Mrs. Cole, lives in Col |

  

|
securing a tremendous stock of Over- !
alls before the recent advance in prices |
and we are going to give the working-

men of Amherstburg and Essex County

the benefit, In fact, we have marked

these goods at less than the present
wholesale prices. Don't miss this op-
portunity, Also see our line of Work
Pants, Shirts, ete.

a change of hats is as much a
matter of epurse to the discrim-
inating dresser as a change of
suits. You will find our stock
unusually large and complete.
American .and English makes
from $1.50 to $3.00.

 
 
 
   
    
  
   
   
   
     
   
 
      
        
 
     
 
 
 

"Our Neckwear fs made from the best
Swiss, English and French Silks.
Watch our windows for something new
this week. We have first choice of
Canadi's lending neckwear louse.

 

 

  
 

     

 

BIRTHS.
. BrAcCKLIN=In Rochester, Thursday March
navigation down the lakes Wednes- md. the wife of Mr James Bracklin, of a

The steamer Kirby goes on her | daughter.
| ELLis=In Essex, on Tuesday, February 37th,

——— — SEE
—Good Friday and hot cross buns.
~The alkall steamer Huron opened

 

— ’ v 5 the wife of Mr. Roy Eli of a daughter,
Mrs.<D. A. Muxwell;-accompanied | Favis—=At 801, Magnolia Avenue. Chicago,

by Miss Hard and brother Alfred, of |" Frigiy Mareh 10th, the wife of Mr. R. H.

Detroit, spent Tuesday in Amherst M. Full, of a son,

burg. F yuRTH—In Comber, Thursdny, March
—Donald Nichol, of the 241st Bat- Ith, tho wife of Mr. C. E. Frankfurth, of

 

  
 

 

   

 

n. Combs
talion, ,who has been very ill 4n Lon- | So - Ph,
#9 HeaToN~In Windeor, Tuesday, March 27th, H rush
dom, was able to be brought home this GNA AEE St pe te Ti Han Brus Li
week, and will remain here until he Beulah Trott, of Leamington) of axon. Curling Tangs
regains his strength. IroS—In Maidstone, Thursday. March 22nd, X
g 2 the wife of Mr. Thomas Iron, of n daughter. Pins

“First Baptist church order of ser- : i
vices on Sunday:—Prayer and praise, Loor—In Kingaville. Thursday. March 20th,

55 > aching, T1 d 7.80 | the wife of Mr. Urias Loop, of a &on.
10.55 a.m.; preac ling, 1 % a.m. and OU | yy pr n—1In Amherstburg, Saturday, March
p.m.; Sunday scliool, 12.30 p.m.; prayer | Sis the wife of Mr. Clevis Martin, of a son.
meeting, Friday at 8 pm. Geo. W. H. Matocuiz- li Maden, Friday. March 30th, the
Hill, pastor. | wife of Mr, A. P. Meloche, of a daughter,

—The recruiting squad of Ambherst- | Mowa r—In Windsor, Saturday. March 31st,
burg are giving a dance [h the Hadley ' the wife of Mr. Sydney 8, Mowat, of i son.
Hall on Monday night as a beiefit for | ROGEIS=In Gofleld South, Sunday. March

25th, the wife of Mr. Wyman Rogers, of a

a returned soldier. The object is duughter,
Rapisu—In Maidstone, Wednesday, March
28th, tho wife of Mr. Chas, Radich, of a

| daughter.
Ne | Rockerr—Al Ford, Sunday. April 1st. the
Subject in the morn- | wife of Mr, Claire Rockett. of twins—sons.
subject at even- | Swerr—In Colchester North, on Wednesday.
My Hand and | March, 25th, the wife of Mr. Alvin Sweet,
Pastor. | of adaughter.
ASLO | PaoyLon—In Mersea. Monday, “April 2nd, the
Wife of Mr. Enrl Taylor, of a daughter.
The child died the same day. []

WHipg—In Detroit. on Monday, March 20th,
| tho wife of Mr. Forrest Wide, of a daugh-

Collar Buttons
Tooth Brushes
Shaving Brushes
Shaving Soap
Silver Polish
Table Spoons
Tea Spoons

 

generous response.

—Servides as usual Sunday at
A. M. E. church:
ing, “Christ Arose";
ing gervice, “Behold
Side.” . Everybody “welcome,
Rev. J. M. Payne.

—If “Elector” will just be patient,
he will no doubt see the abstract of
the Auditor's report on.Amherstburg’s sid

 

 

 

   

DID YOU EVER KNOW

WE HAD FORZSALE : =

 

Complete Stock of WALL PAPER AND CHINA.
All lines of Flower and Garden Seeds, also Dutch Onion Sets

The Store Where You Get the Most for Your Money

 

 

Barlow & Smith

Groceries and Provisions, China and Wall Paper.
‘ AMHERSTBURG. ONTARIO.

 

 
     
      
   
     

 

PHONE 14

 

-ZP -
Perfume

Library Paste
Mucilage

ink y
Playing Cards :
Pencils

Pencil Sharpeners
Stationery

Waxed Paper

Paper Napkins

Paper Drinking Cups
Crepe Paper

      
         
        
          
             
           
       

 

AAA

 

 

THE

   
 
  
 
 
 
  
    
   

 

 

   
 
  
      

and Sheer Lawn.

be secured for the price.

wear.

 
    
  
  
 
  
   
 
 
    
   

 

~In Anderdon, Monday, Agri] 2nd.
Mrs. Joseph Dauphin, in the lst year of
her age.

Joxes—In Mersca, Thursday. . March 26th,

Lewis Jones, aged, 31 years,

finances shortly, It is now In the = »
—James Balkwell, Divisional Supt..| Axpnews— Quick—=At Wheatley, Thursday,
Pelee
ground Tuesday at the Brunner, Mond, | of Pelee Island, 2
tensive changes required. H, A., Mr. John Aycarst. of the Union
: Devow — KITTLE — At th 3) ry,
ate of, Western University, in London, Ti amb, on
troit to Miss Agnes. only daughterof Mr.
and Mrs. Maxwell and their grand-
street Methodist church, Windsor, on
ston, Sunday, Mundy. wll of Windsor,
who was severely wounded while as-| 2)5t: by Rev. J. OL. SRrackiin, : Miss
1915, and after months in various hos: | pexroLn—Prick—At the Methodist parson:
F. Loan, Mr. Willinm Ear) Pén-
ery store In the Elliott building, ol homo iol M
1e Mr,
M. Symes. George Sowell, Windsor
Yeance.” x \ to Mis
in France,” a historical sketch of his Willams, of Detroit. o Miss Leotn
—Ond of the new amendments to Canliple, Mr. Josiah Wigle. ‘of Kingsville,
limiting the sale of two and one-half
Asnpy—In Windsor. Wednesday, April th,
councils, thls would conduce to im- .
Sith, Willinm Burnley. in the @rd year of
such a by-law the only place: eligible Lorouzo Beuglet. of McGregor, aged 25
dle it now.
Easter Day the’ services In Christ | Macuire—In Buffalo, Wédnesday. April ith,
Capt. Edward Maguire, of Amherstburg
and ny addition to the ter anthem March 20th, Frank MoKay, formerly-of

 

TORE OF

Stylish ~~

New Blouses
For Women.

All the newest Spring styles in Silk, Organdie, Voile, |

I Every woman must immediately appre-
ciate the quality of the materials—the finest that could |
|

Silk Blouses—White, Pink, Yellow and Black, 2.25 to $4
Sheer White Blouses. ....:....$1.00, $1.50, $2.00 to $3.50

The latest in Spring Neckwear.
in Hosiery, and-a fine choice of Underwear and White-

See our Ladies’ and Men's Waterproof Coats :

 

 

FP. Scratch & Co,

AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO. :

VALUES |

The newest, conceits

            
           
      
     
    
  
  

I

I
|

    

= -

 

   
    
  
 
 
   
 

with in.due season.
Agent, of the M.C.R., were over the | Hernioe, daughter of Mr. James Quick, all
conferring with the officials as to ex- |" Thursday, April 5th, by Rev, George King,
James P. Black. . wville,
day) to atténd a meeting of the Sen- Mes ak Bll ot Kinguville,
King, B. A., Mr. IrvingR, Dedow. of De-
the O. E, A, at- Toronto next week. He
HonGE—=MUNDY~—AL the parsonage of London
uests of Theodore Luckham, Alvin.
K m,’ Alvin Hicks. Mr. Alfred Hodge to Mixs Lillian]
men to enlist from this district, and parsonage, Romney. Wednesday, March |
‘both of Romney.
e h. by
reopened the tobacco and confection- Rov. C
10T- | gp WenL—WILLIAME—AL the
Mr. -Denvir has published “Fragments E. Pescott, Dr
P B Goorge Sowell. of Winds 1g we
sale in book form. . Monday, April 2nd, by Rev. Arthur
to all municipalities the privilege of = 2
DEATHS.
tels, if, In the opinion of municipal
BurNLEY=In Amherstburg, Tuesday. March
That means, if Amherstburg passed BruoLeT—At Hotel Dicu. Tuesday, Aprilith,
View hotel. A mumber of stores han-
held in Christ church at 10.830 a.m. On
The choir has prepared gpec c J .
prep Bis ial music McKax=At Hotel Dieu, Windsor, Saturday,
Rejoice’ and “King of Kings," both |Mevers—In Colchester North, on Saturday

by Caleb Sfmper, organfsp of St. Mary | Saturday, March ilst, Alexander Meyere,
Magdalene, .Warcester. Holy Com- rho nT bE Wadd

i " R LLE-10 vich “ Nesdany.
munjon will be administered at 8.30 a. |“ “April th, Mrs. Eulaiie Masonville, aged
m., and 11 am. In the evening the

63 years.
rector will deliver a special address | Parisn—In Huron County, Saturday. March
on the Resurrection.

st, Michawd Parish. lormerly of Tilbury
—A brief messpge arrived from Buf- | Rapisn—In Maidstone. Wednesday, March
falo yesterday (Thursday) morning Z8th, Mra. Charles Radish, ned 3) years.
announcing the death there on Wed. | WrLsu—At Elford. on Eriday. March 2th,
nesday of Capt. Bdward Maguire, of Patrick Welsh, aged about &3 years,
ihis town. Little is known of the de- WainE—-1n Lenmington. Monday, April 2nd.
3 ames Wride, aged 73 years.
tails but that he had pneumonia. Capt. | woormon—In Windsor, Sunday: April 1st
Maguire {8s survived by his wife, for- Mre. Elizabeth Woolson, ied Tiara
merly Miss Margaret Kelly, three ro
(dnughters and ' three esons—Benta
(Mrs. Joseph Kenney), of Amherst-
burg; Mary, teacher, Toronto; Norma, ||
at home; Everett, Detroit; Clarence,
Windsor, and Stanley, at home; be-
sides he leaves two brothers, Henry
and Eugene, both of Amherstburg.
—Rev. D, Dillon, C.S.B., was a re-
cent visitor at the R. C. rectory. The
Rev. Mr. Dillon {8 somewhat of a
glant physically and judging by his
brilliant career in college and univers.
tly he is the possessor of a giant in-
telleot. Mr. Dillan made his classical
course at one of ithe Baslian colleges, |
Texas, of which state he is a native.
For several years he has been attend-
ing Toronto University, which institu-
tion granted him’ the degree of B. A.
Mr. Dillon entered the Noyvitiate of the
Basilian commupity In Toronto sey-
eral years ago dnd as a novive came
under the able direction of Fr. Chris.
tian, who for many years was Masier
of Novices in the community of 5t.
Basil. Besides 8 eound body ard ‘a
sound mind the "Rev. Mr. Dii'en is
blessed with a very affable and alto
gether excellent disposition. , P
ent he Is n dancon and expects to be
ordained to the priesthood early in
June. Fathers Christian dnd Donnelly
(one of his 3 professors) were
delighted with his-xigit and hope to
have the Pleasure of welcoming him
S00N again. : x |

   
   

hands of the council, and will be dealt |
and Robt. Middleton, Canadian Freight March 25th, Mr. Earl Andrews to Miss
| AYEARST—BLACK—AL tho home of the bride,
—Dr. Maxwell 161t yesterday (Thurs- | Bunk. to Miss Gladys. danghter of Mr.
L Thursday, March 20th, by Rov. George A.
and will attend the Enster session of
Theodore Kittle, of Kingsville.
daughter Margaret, of Chatham, will be
Saturday. Murch 2ith, by Rev. Robert
—Patrick Denyir, one of the first | com — TuoMpsox — At the Methodise
sisting to hold the line at Ypres In Subing Thompson to Mr. William, Malott,
pitals was returned to Canada, has age, Leamington, Tuesdny. March 200]
fold to Miss Violet Price, both of Romney,
merly occupied by the late nS J
3 turding.
March 81st. by’ Rev. \V cott, Dn
war experiences, which are now on Wi zER—AU All Saint's church, Wind:
the Ontario Temperance Act is giving | __ 0 Mr. WV. R. Plzor, of Amherstburg.
per cent. beer to licensed standard ho-
Abel Ashby, aged 5 years.
proving the local hotel conditions. his age.
to sell this heer would be the Lake Are,
—On Good Friday services will be
church will be ef V ctive.
particularly attractive. aged’ about, 8) years.
will sing the two anthems “We Will Essex. aged & years. = , 3 T
NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
2

 

of Essex.

 

JK the Estate of ‘Mellville Drummand,
lato of the Township of Colches
South, In the County of Essox,
deceased. 4

   
    
  

about tho 2st day of February, 1017, and all

 

 

OF THANKS

Wedesire to expcess our sincere apprecin-
tion and thanks for the great] dncsertonn:
ed ur during Mr. Stowart's illness and in our
a

. B, STEWART AND ;
MeGregor. April 8th, 1017 Soi

L0BT.

OST— Anyone finding a fountitn n wo | of which the Administrator shall then have
loave at Tie Eco office. Yon: please notice. and all others will bo_exclu ed trom

O3T— Botween home and Amberatbare. on | the said distribution. i
Sunday, March a LUCY DRUMMOND,

ing prayer beads, n_ few personnl effects. Windsor, Oht.
Ploaso leave at d
Pratt. Magen. TEEano offco for Mre. Jud {care of RODD, WIGLE & McHUGH, >

Accounts Must Be Paid

Her Solicitors herein,

shire in the estate, are here
wend by post pro
the undersigne
the 21st day of April, 1017, their Christian

counts or interests and the. nature of the
security (If any.) held by them.

   

  
 
  
  

 

 

    
    
     
    
     
     
  

 

Dated at Windeor, this 2nd day of April, 1017

MISS PINAUD-

‘Wishes to announce she intends to
a sell off the balance of her Millinery

 

 

        
  

The Only GOOD Business is a CASH
Business

    
   

 

 

We have been very lenient with
many of our customers during the
“hard” times, but must now insist on
a settlement of all accounts.

and will continue the business till
everything is sold. ;

   
  

   

You will receive a statement within | stock, I

ihe next few days, which is an invita.
idon for a prompt settlement. Please
iio not force us to take other means
of culpcting your account. -

will nel ata bargain.
Boil the Water.
. During the bite

bog Bgid of for drinkin

pu should be.
to a Retour

oo

     
   

 

 

   
  
    
    
  

 
 
 

: : y | witlements not arranged for at
0 N = 7 : during the month of April, |
‘Sin. Gronor Cr MGI 6 Darvas, sive otiae

0 RENT=IT

    

  
        
      
     
    
    
     

In the Surrrogate Gourt of the County

 

 

    

The creditors of Melville Drummond. late
of the Township of Colchester South, In the
County of Essex, deceased, who dled on or

  
  
  
  
  

    
       

others having claims against, or entitled to
notified to

, or otherwise deliver to
Administrator on or before

     

    
     

and surnames, their addresses and descrip
tions, and full particulars of their claims, ac

   

  

    

Immediately after the aid 214t day of April
1617, the nssots of the sald intestate will be
distributed amonsst-the parties entitled there
to, having regard only to claims or Interests

 

    
   
   

Adminfstratrix.

| stock. Store will be open every day,

Anyone wishing to buy the whole

freshets, 8 the
be contaminated,

|

   
   
     
      
      
         

|

LET US QUOTE YOU 3.73
—ON— i
LUMBER, SHINCLES, *
LATH, FRAMES, SASH,}
DOORS, ETC.

Canadian Brand Wall Board,

Oak Finish Wall {Board.
Bishopric Lath Board.
Beaver Board.

¥

 

     
  
  

   
    
    
    
   

LUMBER YARD
ria RD 4

      
 
        

A

     
  
     
  
  
      
    
 
 
  

   
