    

 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
   

GREAT BRIISH VICTORY. 20 GERM AER NES

A :

Tremendous Offosive Between Arm- |
entleres and¥pres Gains Every |
Objective, Wping Out the Pcess- réports:
ure on the ‘pres Sallent—Many craft co.gperated very successfully
Villages take) and Large Number | with both the Infantry and artillery,
of Guns—Hevy Foe Counter-At-' performing valuablé services,
d | : 5 h 3 tacks Repylsd-—=Elghteon Teuton dition to a pargs number of successful
at = Planes are Brught Down, air raids which were carried out, dur-

. For Infants and Children, te ing which the enemy's aerodromes,

The British arnics struck on Friday balloons, trains, billets, depots and
on a new front and won a victory troops were attacked with bombs and
which supplemeits the successes at | machine guns; enemy aircraft were

Arras during tie last two months. The | prevented from participating in the

Germans, th/ugh apparently aware | battle.

that the blow Was coming, and seem-! “We accounted for 12 German ma-

ingly prepared to meet it, wera driven chines brought down and eight others

 

  

 

Mothers Know That
Genuine Castoria~

  

BROUGHT DOWN DURING BATTLE

London, June §th—Sir Douglas Haig
“During the battle our air-

  
   
  
  

In ad-

from their neerly three years' hold on
Messines Ri/8e, opposite poor old
Ypres, the lag: remnant of an fmport-
ant Belgian town, which with the help
of the French and British in turn has
held out againit all the magsed attacks
the Germ~ns «ould fline against it, in-
cluding the rst great surprise of
poison gas a$ & means of supposed
civilized wariere.

Ypres, in 2 Sense, was avenged
Friday, for Messines Ridge has been
the vantage point from which the Ger-
mans have poured torrents of ‘shells
into the stricken city. The: British
also wiped off an old score against
the Germans, for they held the ridge |
fn October, 1014, and with very thin
forces, and practically ng artillery,
fought bloodily but vainly to hold it
when the Prussian troops massed thelr
modern and overpowering weapons of
war against it.

Vimy Child's Play. to This.

Friday's attack lacked many of the
elements of surprise which accom-
panied the battle .of Arras and the
successful storing of Vimy Ridge.
There has beep no donbt for three
weeks past as to the intentions of the
British. The Germans knew that a
big push was to be made against Mes-
sines and they had plenty of time to
prepare for the defence of that place,
Prisoners taken Friday, however, de-
alared’ that the bombardment of Vimy
was child's play compared with the
gunfire turned upon Messines Ridge.

This fire reached its climax just as
dawn was graying the eastern skies
and while the full moon was still sus-
- pended high in the heavens. Friday's
succgsses, won along about a ten-mile
front, from Observatory Ridge, south-
east of Ypres, to Ploegsteert wood,
just north of Armientieres, proved an-
other triumph for British artillery
supremacy. - As tive fighting was whol
ly on Belgian soll; however, the Bel- |
gian artillery statidned some distance
north of the actual line of attack, lent
ald with a violemt bombardment of
the German positions within range ff
its varied cailibred weapons.

All the primoners say the Germans
had been expw@cting the attack, but
were taken completely by surprise by
the-hour at whiich it was launched, and
the fury with which it was carried for-
ward.

NO42 Rr
The Proprietary ar Talent Medicine 2
AVegelable PreparalionforAs
simiatinglhic Focd and Regal
ting he Siemachsand Dowels

    

 
  

' Promotes Digestion Chee
ness and Rest Contains neiiber

Opium, Morphine nor Mineral

  
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
  
 

Fler:
fi TY ing.
A Remedy for Constips
; Brerour Stomach. Diarrhit

Worms, Feverishnessand

 

  

Thirty Years

HYAUR COMPANY, MEW VERN. SITY.

 

   

He

Exact Copy of Wrapper.

  

 

 

 

 

CANADIAN NEWS.

o KEEPING YOUNG ;
Hon. Dr. Roche's bill to allow Chin-

Datmeal Is Said; to Ward Off Age— ese students to enter Canada free of
Often 20 Years head tax stands for third'reading.

¥ The'’county council ® of Norfolk
Two noted scientists, by experiments on

adopted the .good roads scheme, per-
animals, have proved that youthfulness de- 3
nds on the thyroid ey ay that some- | TI0NENt Work to be begun at the close

ing In oats seems to feed that gland. of the war.

Church unionists and anti-unionists
Bl IPpSurE 15a} O03 ae Sn be ted held a conferepce in Montreal, and
main care is to feed it, and the proper food concjliation Is isaid to be the prevail
is oats. % ing spirit now.

| Oats contain more edergy. food, more | Four hundred and twenty:two sol-
food for the brain, more food for the nerves, | diers reached Halifax, Including
ILARARY GheR STMIA thet pr Ry. Andmnowit | wounded, convalescents. and some on

scemsthat they alsoserveto keepone young. | duty or shore leave,
But common oatmeal isn’t goodi enough | © An order in Council ‘was passed and
for gach an important diet. The richs|signed forbidding -~ betting on race:
« plunip grains alone are used in the making | tracks {n Canada from August 1st till’
of aker Oats, They are Sefeciedihy 2 the end of the war. 2
Ep ten pounds are obta'ge The body of Mrs. Scott, formerly
| Quaker Oats’ means just the cream: of of Ingersoll, who disappeared early
the oats made delicious,’ It costs but one ALI Loni in. the Jhames
balf cent per dish, =gj.river a orstock,

Made iz LA an St. Thomas city council hns ordered

nde In Canada. a]l stores, except frult and cigar

————————————————————————————————
d . if stores, to close at 7 p.m., except Sat-

FISH N E | S urday, and days preceding holidays.
. y , A coroner's jury at Woodstock found

 

 

 

 

 

   
   
   
   
 

An Artificial Earthquake:

They had been completely dazed by
the most gigamtic mining operation yet
carried ont in ithe world war. More
than one milllom pounds of-high_ex-
plosives had beem placed under the
German forward positions during the
Jast twelve months, ond the upheaval
of a score of separate mines spread
panic among the ‘troops, already har-
assed as they were to the point of dis-
traction by sevem days and nights of
fire from the gremtest concentration of
guns on o givem front since the war
began. The battle of Arras had reach.
ed the ultimate: {n this respect but
Friday's bombar@ment wgs carried out

| by twenty. per e#nt: nore guns, -espec-

jally guns of heavy calibre. ¢
All Modern Deviltries.
Friday's attack was accompanied by
all the arts and dleviltries of latter-day
war. The enemy guns and gun-crews
hod been bathed for days in gas shells
gent over; by fle long range British
guns. The might was filled with red
incendiary flames. Shells that spurted
molten Bpetal in surging streams of
golden rain crashed in appalling num-
‘bers about. the hemds of the defending
soldiers. High explosive and shrapnel
fire, was carried out with such rapidity
that the very earth writhed under the
force of the attack.

Mines that ‘it had taken over two
years to dig and fill with an_over-
whelming explosive broke into an
avalanche of flaming destruction in
the half light’ of dawn. This day was
indeed a Ypres day of retaliation and
victory for the vicious sufferings of
two years and eight months.

LEMON IMPORTANT “FIRST AID

   
  
   
 
 
     

      
       

     
    
   
   
   
 
   
   
   
  
  
   
 

that Harry Parker, G.T.R. employee,
fatally injured at Simcoe, might have
been saved had firstald,
been availible, PRL
* An abandoned babe, allve, probably
three weeks old, was found by Ed-|
ward Warner, of East Zorra, in- a
canvas suit case at the side of the
road near Ingersoll. v
#North Brant Liberal Association,
meeting at Paris, elected flve women
to convoke a special meeting of the
women of the riding to organize a
Women's Liberal Association,
Hamilton Trades Council decided
unanimously that should Parliament
diggplve, the time would be opportune
for ‘Labor to run candidates in both
Hamilton ridings and in Wentworth,
Representatives of the Postmasters’
Association have presented to. the
Postmaster-General, for patriotic pur-
poses, a cheque amounting to $2,800,
|making a total of $15,800 they have
given.

treatmen Lt

‘SPORTING GOODS
JOHN HALLAM. Limited
408 HALLAM BLDG. TORONTO.
gy Ta

7

L. BERTRAND
FYNERAL DIRECTOR

RACTICAL Embalmer, Murray St
Amherstburg. Day or night.
y Phone 20

 

 

| CHAS. LEGGETT oo u
GRADUATE OPTIGIAN. The steamer W. Grant Morden took

: on at Port Arthur the largest oat
Nineteen yearn experione Bnd estate cargo ever leaving the head of the

, Exclusive Optical Pari. re, Main BY. Kingsville | Jakes, consisting of 765,000 bushels,

Issuer of Marriage Licenses,  |yaiued at more than half a million

dollars.
. C. P. R. Ticket Agent. Hon. J. D. Hazen announced in the

House that he Hoped to complete an
arrangement - with. the United States
that would dispose of many long-
standing differences with that country
in regard to fishery questions.

One hundred Serblan volunteers
from California and other western
States, on their way home to fight
for their country, accompanied and
frateérnized with commissioners to the
Presbyterion General Assembly qt
Montreal.

 

  
  
   
 

Has Varied Uses But Chief Virtues
Are Declared to Be of Medicinal
and Hygienic Character.

 

moo

  
   
   
  
  
  
  
     
  
  
   
   
 
  
 

 
  
   
   

If the ‘testimony of the Sicilian
&itrus chamber is given due consider-
ation in determining the status of a
femon, it deserves an important place
in the list of first aids. According to
the authority mentioned, the lemon
aids are chiefly medicinal and hy-
glenic. Its juice {8 of value In treat-
ing diphtheria and gout. For ordin-
ary colds it 1s a great specific. It will
cure slight wounds and chilblains:
The juice of several lemons taken ev-
ery day, will prove an antidote for,
diabetes; small slices applied to corns

will ease the pain.
As a cleansing agent and beautifier,

the reputation of the lemon soars still
hifgher. ‘The juice whitens the hands,
Improves the complexion, helps, if any-
thing con, to remaye freckles. In the
culinary department it ranks with salt
and sugar in general usefulness, and
as a furniture. polish its oll is beyond
reproach,

pt tien n

Several Ontario persons were In-
Jured in a radial collision near Port
Huron, \Mich., in which four persons

were killed, :
- There are thousands

but frail—not sick but
underdeveloped —they

with th

nd do

   

: By

DR. W. H. McBRIDE, Rev. R. W. Knowles, of Petrolea,

Veterinary Surgeon. was heard by the Methodist Session

_ Office and Joeltenos's Daihousia sticol south of the London dn Bhi

E ==noAr, Wikio L Amhotut burg. o- | gittilg as'a - Churc ourt. {or
phugss No. HE Calls answered doy. » aight. Rowse having been cherged with

SE ——— | Preaching heresy. The incident ls

8 Erswme|is

 
    
 
   

   
    
     
   
    
    
  
   
  

 

 

 

[the - financial “affairs of the New
| Brunswick = Government report a
| deficit of nenrly $250,000, a provincial
debt, and obligations of over twenty
['millions, nnd. an {ntérst account. of
| nearly half its ordinary revenue.”

‘Louis R. Gregoire, son of Dr. Geo.
8. Gregoire, M.P.P. of Lake Megantic,
Que, met his death at Hafleybury
I Thursday evening by drowning when
‘he upset from 4 canoe only about 20
teot from the Halleybury whart. Mr
Gregoire was 23 years of age, and had
been enkakéd as teller at the Halley-
bury Branch of the Union Bank. .

The body of Mrs. D. Scott, a do-
imestic at the home of Andrew’ Me-
Youn, a farmer nese Woodstock, was
found in the Thames river Friday
morning. The woman left her place
lof employment Thussday morning and
‘wilked to a” brides that spans the | CAR
river. Hera it Is swposed she fumped

| The accountants. who examined into

: a * 2!
LUMBER, SHINGLES,
© LATH, FRAMES, SASH

 

 
   
    
   
   
    

 
   
  
   
   

DOORS, ETC.
Canadlan Brand Wall Board. :

_ Oak Finish Wall tBord,
Bishopric Lath Board.

  

NX

    
   
   
   
   
   
 

  
     
  

[OOUU

     

   
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
  
 
    
   
   
 
  
 
 
  
    
  
   
 

 
 
 
 
    

  

  
  

driven out of control. Fourteen of our
machines are migsing”

PRESBYTERIANS WILL PAY
MORE TO MINISTERS

 

Minimum Salaries In East Will Now
Equal Those~in West. 3

 

By unanimous consent the Presby-
terian General Assembly, In session at
Montreal lapt week, fixed the minimum
salaries of married ministers at $1,200
a year, with manse, and single minis-
ters at $1,600 a year, to take effect
January 1st next. The minimum for
ordained missionaries is to be $1,000
married men; $950 for single men.
This means an increase of the scale
of salaries in the east and brings them
up level with the minimums formerly
established in the west.

OF VALUE TO POTATO GROWERS

 

t

In the animal world breeders have
long recognized the, value of a good
strain. The fact that an’ animal is
pure-bred does not prevent it being a
cull, and the fact that it {5 a magnifi-
cent show animal does not \ always
mean that its record of performance
will eclipse that of another. And
lately this iden of selection has been
applied to vegetables, and it has been
discovered that potatoes of the same

variety may be of vastly different
value for planting. The Experiment
station at Kentville, N, S,, secured
eight lots of Garnet Chill potatoes

from different growers in 1915, and
under precisely ithe same conditions
the crop varied from 36 bushels per
acre to 240 bushels; and, planted the
next year, the ylelds from the same
stock varied from 68 to 212 bushels
per acre. Following the Kentville ex-
periment several experiments were
made in New Brunswick with Green
Mountaip and Irish Cobbler potatoes,
and ‘the results showed that potatoes
of the same variety, grown on the
same farm and under the sdme cond|-
tions, varied in yleld from 25 per
cent. to nearly 100 per cent. The
moral is very clear. If you want a
big yield you must secure seed which
has developed the capacity of giving
a big crop. Another éxperiment seem-
ed to show that the seed end of a po-
tato gave a much larger ¢rop than
the root end. :

 

DAYLIGHT SAVING.

 

It-now seems assured that Canada
Is to have a Dominlon-vide daylight-
saving law operative this summer,
under which all clocks in the country
will be advanced one hour. The fect
that tho law {8 to be general instead
of local will eliminate the objection-
able features eo prominent last year.

The 1den of Baylight saving was to
allow everyone an extra hour of day-
light in the evening to garden, to play
games or to employ fn any woy which
seemed desirable to the individual; it
was primarily conceived to benefit the
workingman or the working woman.
Curiously. it was this class Who found
it most burdensome when worked un-
der a local by-law. For instance, the
railways did not change their time,
while the schools did. The result was
that {in many households two meals
had to be prepared instead of one, as
the children had to have their dinner
between 12 and 1 o'clock, new time,
while the father was obliged to have
his between the same hours, old time,
or an hour later. The same. muddle
occurred in sleeping hours and the
time for arising, and altogether it
cannot be denfed that the scheme was
a failure. ~
Under the new plan, railways, posts
offices and all other institutions make
the change, and the disadvantages will
disappear. © It is, therefore, probable
that the act will be welcomed by the
great majority, especially as so many
want to gnatch every possjble minute
of daylight to work for food produc-
tion this year. * 3

22,019 CANADIANS NOW IN
HOSPITALS OF UNITED KINGDOM

 

 

United States Shows Great Interest
in System Employed.

“The latest figures: based on the re-
turns of the ten units of the Military
Hospitals Commission, show that on
May 31st there were 6,826 men under
the commission’s care, being 62 more
than on May 22nd, ’
<The Iatest returns from the director
of medical service in London shows
that on May 11th there were 22,019
Canadian patients in hospitals in the
United Kingdom, including 673 offic-
ers, as agaist 21,4456 on May 4th.
“An ‘anaylsis, of the returns shows
that on May 11th there were 3,208 in
Canadian primary hospitals, the larg:
est Indlvidudl figure being 1,021 in the
Moore Barracks, Shorncliffe. In Can-
adian special hospitals th were 1.
913, of whom 858 were (n the -Gran-
ville Hospital at Ramsgate) Patients
in Canndian * convales hospitals
numbered 4,633, Including 2437 at
Woodcote Park, Epsom. « There were
67. men in the sanatoria for tubercu:
los!
The total is completed by 12,198 ‘men
in “British"—that Is, no-Canadinn—
hospitals, the largest number being
4,171 in the eastern command. x

That the United States.is anxious to
profit by Canada's experience in the
‘card of disabled men Is evident from
the number of official ‘investigators
itigiting the various units of the hos-
pitals command. ee PRA

——

i, BULL TO BARE N
~ BAN PANTS, AD

Re

x
§

at,
uo,

‘the assessment roll

  
    
 
    

     
 
   
 
   
   
    
   
  

  
      

   
    
    
    
 
   
  
 
   
 
  
   
    
  
   
  
 

con., $125, be struck off; that assass-

t Hastings and Workinghan. |

   
    
  
  
  
     
 
   
    
   
 
 

    
   
   

ears Dr. James H. Coyne, ot that

Colchester South Council.

Manday, June 4th,

Council met in regular session with
members all present,

Tho minutes of Inst regular meet
ing were read. J
Moved by Messrs. , McLean
Barnet, that minutes be adopted

rend. —Carried.

The Clerk received Engineer's re-
port on the Hughson drain,

Moved by Messrs. Bondy and Des-
lippe, that the report be adopted and
the Clerk be instructed to prepare the
necessary by-law.—Carried.

Moved by Messrs. Barnet ond Bon-
dy, that the Ladies’ Guild be given a
grant of $26 towards buying a flag-
pole, and that they have the privilege
of erecting It on the hall grounds at
Harrow.—Carried.

Frank Geauvyeau Interviewed the
council regarding certain ditching near
Lis place on thd 6th goncession road.
The reeve promised to look after this
matter.

Thomas Little and Ed. Ridsdale
notified the council to clean out the
Quick drain.

Moved Ay Messrs. Bondy and Bar-
net, that Engineer Newman be asked
to go over this drain and make out a
report thereon and make an Assess.
ment if deemed advisable by him.—
Carried.

Fred. White presented a petition,

asking that the Baylis drain be put
under the Drainage Act.
. Moved by Messrs. dcLean and Des-
lippe, that Engineer Newman be (n-
structed to go over this drain and
mike out the necessary report there-
on.—Carrfed,

 

   
 

     
    
   
     
  

   
 
   

and
as

   

        
       

      
   

        
   
   
  
    
  
  
  
 
    

      
    

Purity! Purity! Purity!

The one dominating note that runs
all through the making of Sunlight
Soap is Purity. The $5,000 Guar-
antee you get with every single bar
Is not a mere advertisement. It
marks a standard set for the buyers
who select the choice Sunlight Soap
materials—for the soap boiler—for
the expert chemists—{or the girls,

    
 
 
    

      
    
   
   
   
   
   
  

     
  

     
        

 

   
  

  

The Collector made his re : | Tab co i
Ll S Tare a $592.07; 8 SHER Who wrap and pack Sunfight.
taxe ncollectiible, 334.86 (318.69 1
red on P. v. PRI a are mindful of the Guarantee

labor uncollectable and performed,
$79.67 taxes refunded, $14.15; errors
in roll, $206.89; additions to roll, $178.-
38.

Ira <L. Graham presented a petition
signed by himself and others, asking
for certain drainage in 6th conces-
sfon.

Moved by Messrs: Barnet and Bon-
dy, that Engineer Newman be in-
structed to go over the said area and
make out .a report thereom~—Carried.

Moved by Messrs. Barnet and. Me-
Lean, that the following accounts be
passed :—3$18 to Oliver<Agla, for sheep
killed by dogs unknown; $13 to Verne
McLean, for shéep killed by dogs un-
known; "$45.60, to Henry Waltbn, for
sheep killed by dogs unkngwn; $2f
to Thomas Crowe, fon sheep killed. by
dogs unknown; $7.50 to Adolplius Des- |
lippe, for drain inspector's fees; $6.00
to Willlam Fawdry, for cleaning out
drains $32.60 to’ John Arner, $156 for
putting in sewer crock near John Ar-
ner'’s and $17.60 for scraping east
townline; $4.50 to J. H. Madill, $2.50
reporting fires to. fire marshall and
$2 register John Wall by-law; $69.04
to Forest -ller, $65 making tile; $4.04
for repairs to tile moulds; $146.66 to
Andrew Wright, $140 salary as Col-

—it is a source of gratification to
all the Sunlight workers. :

Sunlight

   

      

Soap |

Do You Wear Overalls?

If so, try a pair of Kitchen's or the Bob Long which we
handle. Guaranteed to stand the wear and tear.

In connection with these we can supply you with a splendid

 
  
   

 
  
   

 

 

 

 

 

  
   
    
             
   
    

 

 

     
 

         
       

lector and $6.66 postage; $336. , y : > : x :
Ae ny Se post 2 grag Men's Working Shoe—just fits the Overalls., ox
taxes refunded and errors in roll; |i :

.60 to Albert Lewis, for work on: 3rd |/ *
con. ‘road; $2.50 to John Lewis, for i »
work on 3rd con. rond; $20 to G. W. Canvas 08 orsels
Miller, for work on 3rd con. rond; $4 {| {] 4
to John Réadman, for sanitary work; F M Ww 4 d ; = iE LL
$6 to Wm. Deslippe, for repairng a en omen ‘an re }
bridge on 6th con. road; $22 toJ. K. or Children x LADJES You know there E
Melly, for tile furnished on Adams || 1 4 4 is none better.
drain; $10 to Mrs. George C. McLean, =
for gravely $2 to Thomas McGill, for Keep cool THIS hot All sizes and styles.
filling in a bridge on 6th Con. drain ?

over Coulter Sideroad drain; $10 to weather.

Clarence McLean, for repairing bridg- ||
er on 5th con. and 3rd’ con. roads.—
Carried.

Moved by Messrs. Bondy and Bar-|
net, that council adjourn—Carried.”
Court of Revision.

Council met as court of revision on |i
for 1917. The |
members all took and subscribed ‘to

the necessary oath.

Moved by Messrs® Bondy and Mec-
Lean, that the reeve take the chair.—
Carried. .

Moved by Mr. Deslippe, seconded by |
Mr. Barnet, that. Bell Telephone Co.'s
assessment be $126; that Wm. Talbot's
assessment be $250; that William
Hawkins' assessment be reduced $26;
that n 8 Sinesdc avenue be as-
sessed to F. H. Ferriss instead of H. |»
Herdmann, at $5.25; 1-8 acre [ot 9 be
assessed to Gordon Iler at $75; that
e.%4 n w cor sub 7 &8 be assessed to
Miss Mina Walton; that n pt w 4
2, 49 acres, be assessed to Ell Gerard
instead of Mrs. Burdick; that bitch
assessed to N. Wright be struck off;
that dog assesséd to Rv Zimmerman be
struck off; that dog assessed to Ken-
neth Ferriss be struck off; that dog as-
sessed to J. Cunliffe be ‘struck off; that
dog assessed to E.»Davey be struck
off; that bitch assessed to Ross Flood
Robert Martin be struck off; that dog
assessed to Murdo McLean be struck]:
off; that dog assessed to J. K. Mc
Lean be struck off; that property as-
sessed to James Long be asséssed 10
J. Cunliffe; that property assessed to
George Best be assessed to C. Meston;
that property assessed to H. Plant be
assessed to Charles Fawdry; that
property assessed to Charles Pigeon
be assessed to Henry Langlois; that
property assessed to Henry Langlois
be assessed to I. E. Webster; that
property assessed to G, F. Morin be
assessed to George Blsseil; that prop-
erty assessed to Geo. Bissell be as-
sessed to G. F. Morin; that assess-
ment “for buildings on"§ 3% & in 6th

 

  

 

Summer Underwear || Sreatimeot 3
in many styles : TOW E LEN " :

JOHN GRANT,

Phone }80, ‘Amherstburg, Ont.

 

 

 

           

 

 

              
          

  

 

      
  

  
     

   

HOUSE; BUILDERS ATTENTION

i following :

[] Evd watched Hard Maple flooring 7:8
thick, 5

End Jutched Hard Maple flooring S-
ok. ‘
End matched Oak flooripg 7-8 thick.
End matched Oak flooring, 3-8 thick.
* Panel Oak Veneer Doors.
2 Panel Birch Veneer Doors.
1000 Pine Doors. different designs
Kentucky Oak for interior finish.
Southern Pine for interior finish.
Spruce and Bouthern Pine flooribg,

       

 

 

Ea

   

Weare carrying in

     
    

     
   
   
  
    

 

    
   
   
   
     
  
   

 
   
   
   
 

       
      
     
  
       
   
   
   
  

   
   
 

   

From one million to two
million feet White Pine and
Hemlock always in stock.

CONKLIEPLANING MILLS - Kngsil, 0nd

DEALERS IN LUMBER, LATH, LIME, SHINGLES, & CEDAR POSTS :

Ed Ems itaasssann:d

In Operation Again

i1le wk!
Fe .

    
  

    
  
  

    

FE a RE A A A RE

1:
Ex

    
  
   
   
    
  
    
  
  
  
  
    
 

 

 

ment for buildings on n 15 8 in qth |;
con., $126, be struck. off; that assesas-
ment on n % lot 8, con. 6, be assessed
$2,300 instead: of $2,600.—Carried.

Moved by Messrs. McLean and Bar-
net, that the assessment roll of 1917, |
as now revised, is hereby confirmed
by this court.—Carried. :

Moved by Messrs, Bondy and Des-
livre, that court do now close —Car-
ried. =

 

   
   
   
  
   
  

After working under a handicap all summer, we are.
nowprepared to give our patrons better service, than ever
they received. Our machinery has all been connected up,
and with electric power can be turned on anyitime forany
job, no matterhow small. ¥ : Taare a ia

Large stock of Hair, Lime, Hardwall Plaster, Lumber ;
‘Lath, Shingles, B.C. Fir, Bill Stuff, - Pine’ and OakiFinishes,
Ete. Tk = EJ 3 . ee Le

    
   
    
    

 

ST THOMAS 100 YEARS
: "OLD THIS MONTH

-= NC

Dr. Coyne Recal Banque: Century |
Ago—Horace Fomter Gave City
_ The Name. Ea
The etn of St. Thomas, as a vil
lage, colbrated just 100 years
ago at the first banquet provided inj)
Dr. Lee's, Iater known as the Talbot)
hotel, on May 21st, 1817, according to
records in the hands of County Reg-

   
    
 
  

    
    
    

  
   
  
    
 

  
   

  
  

   

y 33 8
banquet the name St. Thom-|
the late Horace. Fo

  
