 
  
   
     
     
      

   
 
 
  

 

 
  
 

   
  

  

   
          
 
            
                
      
   
  
  
   
 
   
 
   
    
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
    
    
   
         
     
      
   
     

  
     

 
  
 

  
 
  
   
 
 
 
   
    
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
    
   
  
 
 
  
  
   
   
 
  
 
  
   
  
  
 
    
  
   
  
  
 
 
   
  
   
 
 

Com

sell Gin
B0c. a box, or 8 boxes for
Sample free if you write to
NATIONAL DRUG & CHEMICAL
00, OF OAN. LIMITED
Toronto,

 
 

Published by pal authorities to co-operate with the |dom from weariness. Among the | Leamington, where he was success- 3
INTING CO. Limited various educational and patriotic ‘or-| many thousands of Canndian women | fully operated upon about 10 o'clock. v 4
THE EGHO PRINTIN " ganizations in arranging local demon-| who have found new health and | Mr, Stewart is now making good pro- a of
Amherstburg, Ont. . strations in suitable places and we | strength through these pills is Mrs. | press towards recovery. oeS1n oun . nreasona ec or A
J. A AULD, A.W. MARSH, [request all .citizens. to give hearty|G. Strasser, Acton West, Ont, who} ¢, E. Mann's tailor shop was re-
? PRESIDENT. Spo'y-TreAs | suport and countenance to the move | says:—“l am the mother of three | cently entered and in the nelghbor- 5
ment.” children and after each birth I be-|pnood of $10 worth of clothing stolen, ;

Friday, June 22, 1917.

 

In the House, on Friday, the Minis-
intro-

ter of Trade and Commerce

 

 

on board, hes been torpedoed and sunk
with a lgssof 190 men. The Sequana
wns sunk in the Atlantic, Among the
passengers ‘was a detachment of the

, Senegnleso, rifles. The Sequana, for-
morly the City of Corinth, was owned
by the South Atalantic Navigation Co.
of Poris. Her gross tonnage was 5,667.
She was 430 feet long and was built
in Belfast in 1898.

Boston, June 13th.—The Leyland
Iiner Anglian, which left Boston” May
30th for Liverpool, has been torpedoed
wand sunk by a Germen submarine,
according to cable advices received by
agents here to-day. The advices stat
ed that the crew had been saved. On
her lest voyage from Boston she was
commanded by Capt. Lawrenson and
carried a general cargo. Ship and
cargo are valued at $2,000,000. The
Anglian, formerly the Megantic, was
a British steamer of 5532 tons gross
and was built in Glasgow in 1896.

EE
METHODISTS UPHOLD
LORD'S DAY ACT
IN CONFERENCE

 

j

Oppose Proposal for Sunday Garden
Work.

Pasging resolutions calling on ‘the
Canndian Government to ignore .peti-
tions that are being circulated to
amend the Lord's Day Act sg that
newspapers. can be sold In. Windsor
Sundays, and to allow the cultivation
of gardens on the Sabbath, delegates
attending the Méthodist conference at
London wound up the dession Wed:
nesday. a

“Under the guise of patriotism at-
tempts are being made to open thea.
ters Sundays and work on cultivated
Jots,” ome .of the resolutions stated.
“This attempted suppression of the
Lord's’ Day Act is undesirable and
will be fought'by the Methodist church
of Cannda.

“Knowing that the advocates of Sun-
day newspapers are making strenu-
ous efforts to secure the passing of a

 

 

    
      
   
 

CONFEDERATION SUND,
Lleutenant-Governor' lssues Procia-
mation to Citizens Regarding
Jubilee Celebration.

 

 

The Lisutenant-Governor in Coun-
cll has issued a proclamation to’ the
citizens of Ontario, calling on them to
commemorate, by specinl services, the
fiftieth anniversary ot the Confeder-
ation of the Provinces of Canada.
The proclamation in part is as follows:

“We hereby proclaim Sunday, the
first day of July next, as a day of
solemn and religious recognition by
our people for the benefits and bless.
jngs they have been vouchsated by
Providence to us as a Dominion. We
request that all churches and Sunday
schools and assoclations of a lke
character do commeroraté the occa-
sion.

“We do further proclaim Monday,
July 2nd, as a day for the purpose of
public and patriotic demonstrations
of the devotion of our people to the
national institution of ideals, For
that purpose we call upon all munici-

It was further urged that a Jiberal
use be made of flags and suitable
decorations in order that the jubilee
of Confederation might testify to the
loyalty of all Con

 

 

 

pire and consecration to the high
cunse for which the armies ore bat-
tling demands that selective conscrip-
tion for military service in Canada be
enncted and enforced forthwith = in
Canada,” the resolution declared. Tt
commended Premier Borden for the in
troduction of the bill¥n Parliament.

“That while expressing our unresi-
tating approval under present circum-
stances of compulsory military service
to secure the men necessary to sus-
tain the Canadian divisions at the
front, we would strongly urge upon
Parliament the neediand justice” of
conscripting as far as necessary the
wealth, the food and the man-power of
the country, to a degree at least, in
keeping with the sacrifices’ being
made by the men at the front,” ft
continued. “That ‘the men ‘eligible
for military service working In mun-
ition plants or who are required there
should receive pay equal only to mill
tary pay, plus. keep. snd allowances,
and that to ‘this end the Govérnment
should control*and operate munition
plants.” It concluded by declaring
for Government control of necessaries
of life according to supply and de
mand,

The Baptists.

Toronto Baptists are In favor of
conscription, but they want wealth
enrolled, too, Thursday night's con-
vention in Beverley Street church re-
fused to,pass a conscription resolu-
tion. which did not unmistakably set
forth that both men and money should
be drafted into service. © When the
resolution was redrafted to include

both it was unanimously carxied.
.-_-

GERMAN PLOT TO
CAPTURE THE DOMINION

 

 

Hun Agent Says Teutonic Society in
U. S. Plapned to Invade Canada.

 

New York, June 13th.—Disclosures
of a plot of the German government
to invade Canada with five army
corps composed of the Kriegerbund

   
    
   
 

  
    
   
   
  
  
    
    
   
  

7 :
"IN THE HOME
i.

These Bring the Wrinkles and
Pallid Faces That Make Women
Look Prematurely OId.

Almost every woman at the head
of a home meets daily many little
worries in her household affairs. The
care ‘of her little ones, the work
about the house all contribute to
these worries. Most of them may
be too small to notice an hour after
wards, but they constitute a con-
stant ‘strain that affects the blood and
the negyes and makes women look
prematurely old. The effect of these
little worries may be noticed In sick
or nervous headaches, fickle appetite,
tiredness after slight exertion, and
the coming of wrinkles which every
woman dreads. To those thus afflict-
ed Dr. Willlams' Pink Pllls offer a
dgpeedy cure; a restoration of color to
the cheeks, brightness to the eye, a
hearty appetite apd a sense of free-

came terribly run down, I had weak,
thin: blood, adways felt tired, and
unable 160° do my houschold work.
After the birth of my third child I
seemed to be and

 

 

 

 

  
    
   

   

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

chairman, Rev. W. E. Donnelly. .Pro-
ceeds in ald of Belgian Relief Fund.

a -
TILBURY.

— j

Leg" Marchand, son of Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph Marchand, Queen street, at
the recent ordination ceremonies in
St, Peter's cathbtral, was one of the
several divinity students to receive

“minor orders” at the‘hands of Bishop |

Fallon.

Following -an illness of about ten
days, Wm. Johnson, a highly-esteemed
resident of this town, died- at the

home_of his son, Charles * Johnson, |

Prospect street. He was 41 years of
age and had lived in this town ten
years. Prior to that his honie’ was in
Houghton township, Norfolk county,
where until his removal here heen.
gaged in farming with great suceebs.
His ‘wife died fifteen years ago, DBe-
sides*Charles Johnson, of this town, a
daughter, Mrs. Humphries, -of Port
Rowan, survives.

- — HN ONT

‘ = MAIDSTONE. ~%

The funeral of Mre. Neil Jobin ‘took
place at Maidstone Cross on Monday
of last week atithe R. C. church, with
interment in the R. C. cemetery. - De-
ceased , was 82 years of oge and is
survived by two sons, Alex. and
Thomas, and one daughter, Mrs. Wm.
Hayes, all of Sandwich South.

WOODSLEE.

 

W. D. Pollock, who had his sale an
Wednesday of last ‘week, moved to De-
troit on Saturday.

0. J. Wilcox, M. P., who Is at his
home on account of {ll health, was in
Detroit consulting Dr. Aaron, special-
ist, on his condition.

Mrs. J. Mitchell, son
daughter ;Ruby left. for

Archie and
Shounavon,
has received his

has beén attending.
WHEATLEY.

 

 

     
        
   
    
  

 

Sask, on an extended visit. Archie
diploma from the
Electrical school in Detroit, that he

AMINSTON

meeting of tha Ontario
‘Grand Chapter of Eastern Stars in
Toronto, last week, firs. Robert Ross,
who was the delega® from the Leam-
{pgton Chapter, wis appointed Grand
Or Bt. :

allow of Leamington will
hold thejr annual memorial service
on Sunday, June 24th, at 2 o'clock,
when the graves of departed brethren
in Lakeview cemetery will be de-
corated, .

Mrs. Brnest Wigle, of this .town,
and the 7-yearold daughter of Nr.
and Mrs Scott Wales, Mersen, were
taken on Wednesday of last week to
Harper hospital, Detroit, where they
were operated upon Thursday.

At the meeting of the Grand Lodge
of the Bepevolent and Protective Or-
der of Elks in Windsor. Ed. Winter,
of this town, was elected one of the
trustees. The place of meeting next
year is Victoria, B, Cc.

Stewart Campbell, of Whegtley, was
seized with a serious attack of ap-
pendicitis Friday evening last and was
rushed to Mrs. Tisdale’s hospital at

At the

 

consisting of made-to-order suits: and
clothes left for repalr, which he will
have to replace. Entrance was effect-
ed through a back window which was

    

 
 

 

     

 

 
 
 
  
   

 

     

 

   

of friends. Rev. A. W, Shepherd of-
ficlated at the ceremony. .

mn —————
TOWN OF ESSEX.

Elmer Hannan enlisted at Amherst-
burg last week in the mechanical corps
of the Canadian forces.

Mis§ Marcin Hannan, who has been
attending Normal school at ‘North Bay
the past term, has returned home.

Miss Ada Richardson has resigned

yner position as assistant teacher on the

High school staff, to take effect the
end of this term.
The members of Central Lodge, No.

| 402,A. F. & A. M,, will attend services
| in St. Paul's church on Sunday, June
| 24th, at
{ address” them

Rev. H. Millar will

7 pam.

Miss Bernice Hannan, who has just
completed a course in the Cadman
Business College, has secured a po-
sition with the Packard Motor Co. in
| Detroit, end entered upon her, duties
IE Monday.

The members of Enterprise Lodge,
No. 218.1. O. O. F.,, will hold Decora-
tion services for their deceased mem-
| bers on’ Sunday afternoon, June 24th,
{The members will meet in the lodge

room at 2 o'clock and proceed to
Cottam cemetery where the graves of
the brothers buried in that cemetery
will be decorated, thence proceeding
to North Ridge cemetery, where simi-
lar services whl be held.

Division Courts sittings was . held
before Judge Smith at the town hall
on. Tuesdey of last week with the
largest docket in years, there being
two adjourned suits, eighteen defend-
ed cpses, two judgment summons and
four judgments after default. Messrs.
Geddes, McHugh, Smith and Furlong
were the lawyers present. In R. M.
Muir vs. Town of Essex, judgment was
given for plaintiff. In Gray Sons,
Campbell Co. vs. John Yynch, judg
ment for plaintiff for $16. Other suits
decided as follows:=—Dominjon Car-
ringe Co. vs. Frank Buhler, judgment
for plaintiff; J. Smith vA G. Motley,

 

    
  
   

 

 
   
   
  
  
   
   

   
   
    
  
    
   
 
 
   

 

‘the whole term of. their employment.

       
     
   
     
    

     
      
   
 
    
     
   
    
   
 
 
      
 

    
   
   
 

 

50cPer Garment
And Up,

 

Summer Underwear

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

   
 

 

   
  
   
  
   
 

 

 

   

he patriotism and worse, wis very | pried open. There is no clue to the
duced his daylight saving bill It Hh 3 > p
> al dvanced | adlans, badly run down. L found the greatl-| guilty ones. v ”
Provides BS a thet —— est benefit. from tle pills and soon | The degree team of Naoml Re- a OCS ’ ;
> ater rate it would be cdvis- ORANGEMEN FAVOR grained my old time strength. Indeed | pekah Lodge, Windsor, visited Peach- ” "A
ble i vert to the ordinary meth- CONSCRIPTION PLAN faster taking them 1 felt as well as in d Rébekah Lodge here on Wednes- >
i able to rev . ; my girlhood, and could take pleasure | day even of last week and confer-
¥ easuring days ing
§ : SIT LIRR Essex Lodge Endorses Borden Bill—| in’ my work. I also used Baby's Own | red the degree on ten candidates In
iP The pensions legislation is being| Leaves Off Wealth Amendment. Tablets for wy Tittle ones and have | he Oddfellows lodgé room. _Follow-| 7 :
HE revised, and Sir Thomas White has oes County Ladgs of tho pense found them a splendid medicine for | ing the conferring of the degree there ;
3 {ven notice of a resolution to: the] Order, in semiannual Session, ~ |.childhood ailments.’ was a social hour and lunch. The » i$ 5 :
4 i Zien 13 Ean, ha. creation | sex on Tuesday of last week, discussed | "Dr. Winjams Pink Pills are sold | Windsor parts, who numbered about You'll further agree with us when you note the quality of the garments. Of course wé
18 of a commission to be known as the Preumer Borden's SouseripHipn a by all dealers in medicine, or you came down by ‘special electric | have them at higher prices, but we mention the 50c price to let you know that we have them at 1
; + ansions ¢ sissioners for [ure at length, and then,by a Standing | ean procure them by mail at 50 cents R aft for 1 e o mid- i 2 i ,
is ho ot Jersions. commissioners Mat [vote adopted a resolution declaring |a box or six boxes for $2.50 from | ine left for ome cbout mid-| prices that please. Two-piece and combinations presented in such worthy makes as these: a
5 of three commissioners, instead of hat in bis Frit qr ihe Biome of The Dr, Williams’ Medicine Co, | Dope flends appear to be operating : Le
esent, and {5 to be em-|the organizition, the » 08 0 » | Brockville, Ont. tow ain. Last Friday night Dr.
a, w LER met allowances | “meets the requirements of the situ- Dal — a ny A a DELPARK , PENMAN’S :
and gratuities in connection with act- BUA : od Ris setts to PELEE ISLAND. tolen, This has been going on at CORONA MILLS ZIMMERKNIT ‘La
A clause added I j als 80 time and in an en- T \ ? 3
rive service  -_~S the effect that there should be con- Lieut. Colin €. Standish, formerly a es the Fis put a TRU XMT ; : MERCURY
RAILWAYS ASK INCREASE. scription-of wealth as well as man-| resident of Pelee Island, came from | paw lock on his front door. This did FRENCH BALBRIGGAN 5 AT
: power, apparently did mot meet with | Wales a few years ago, to Pelee Is- not prevent access being obtained to y Le
Application of the railways for an |the approval of a number of the dele- | land. Later he removed to Bramt-| is office, however, ag entrance was ef- 3 P
Incrense of 15 per cont in frefght and | gates, Bud ws struck out. ; ) ford, gud obtained a situation with J. | rected Friday , night through the | Besides many others. If you are searching for under garments that spell comfort and ability 1.
assenger rates, and protests dgainst “Such a clause might embarrass thest'S. Hamilton & Co, Ww manufactur: | srans Be doc v ; » : 3 o
abe were heard Tuesday by | Government,” sald one of the mem-| ers, of Brantford and Pelee Island. He through, toe nur Prac LT Gh to giye long wear combined, you In surely come to this “Clothing Headguarters. ; 4
the Dominion Railway Board at To-| bers modestly. ras with them about two years and'| fon of a : % 1
ronto. D. B. Hanna, for the C. N. R., Another clause whicli went through | resigned in November, 1914, and went  ,—— »
stated that the increased price. of urged upon the Government the treat-| overseas as.a pri » in the Second YOR 2 y er ——— eres 4
= materials would this year amount to| ment of all Canadian proyines i Canadian , Contin He pro- GOSFIELD NORTH. Y : | 1
$6,517,485, and {n-addition they were | without reference to either creed or|moted to a Jeutenant, was awarded A Rare . :
facing a wage increase which =i race,” eo the Disting ed Conduct Medal and Re Ll Tang 00k Discs WINDSOR'S 4 re
other matterg would bring the cost 0 ————- _| wounded three times, and as soon as A adler, : 2 x : '
operation $6,000,000 over the PEevions METHODISTS aon CONSCRIP: recovered returned each’ time to the x a a - QUE, Th ne re GREATEST
year. The proposed increase woul . front. His name appeared as Killed a EES ras marriedit “Ev tt : Et a i
. 3 evenuc of 35. - 1 5 veeks Miss Lottle, was marrie 0 ere Le
provide a vy Conscription in the form introduced 5A Baile pe Anh E. Anderdon, son of Mr. and Mrs. = or R CLOTHIER h
assurance that the increased revenue | by Sir Robert Borden was unanimous. | eyo 40 nour his death. Robert Anderson. Leamington side x = Lk :
would be devoted to new equipment |1y dndorsed by the Lamen's Associa i em ——————— road The brode was becomingly os Re
and betterment of the service J | tion ot Toronto Methodist Conference COLCHESTER NORTH. dressed in ivory duchess satin and . a
Dal ple vice-president of the G T, | on, Thursday night of last week, dn shadow Ince, and bridal veil draped : !
R. wn representatives of the T., H. [session at. Carlton Street Methodist | “mne Eiford League will have a| With spirea and carried a bouquet of - - 1
O'B and the C. P. R, endorsed Mr. | church. ~They “algo “incorporated in | strywherry, and ice cream social” at | White snapdragons. She was attended CANADIAN COAL SUPPLY. ARTILLERY RECRUITING. Virtue. Cad :
Hanne's contention. Coal, stons and | the resolution, which wil be forpas the church the 26th of June, by her sister, Miss Duisiia, as Dro 2 a : Virtue is lik - d fe Ar
Swi E 5 SNA ER ed to the Government, a demand that Rev. W. B. Donnelly will preach hig | maid, who carried e bouquet of pin pn : 8 © precious odors—most.
pic Foy DE man-power for industries, wenlth and | rq rawell next Sry Tan snapdragons, while the groom was i EE rene i ie 3 Jaden Hagen. Fheh thon wre dnpenesd = >
' SLOP} food should be conscripted, and that A strawberry festival and entertain. | Supported by Joseph Dring. Miss " | crushed. :
stock men 358 usita fers Spied munition factories should be controlled ment will be held in the Gesto M Margaret Wilcox played the wedding C. A. Magrath, Controller of Canad- |Ottawa by Col. Brown, London, as- 4 ——— 73
the Increase on the ground tial the 4 " a Insiha 2 mar Yo % fan Fuel Supply, has returned from [sistant adjutant-general, that recruit- A
and operated by the State. 8s ¢ dn esd ave avant march. About twenty sat down to a]... 3 Pp ome.
industries would not stand it. I y. the | 3] odist church next Wednesday evening, Dalit’ a Washington, where he has been con-|ing for the artillery arm of the ser- tiie & | ‘ “Te
Ep “That this Laymen's Association off jung 17th; Program will be supplied iptuous wedding breakfast. The yo Vien the American fuel con. |vice is to be discontinued: For some| “expect it any day now with white:
TWO BIG LINERS TORPEDOED, |the Toronto Conference believes that | hy Afiss Smith, elocutionfst, of Leam. | bride's travelling sult was of cremef,  n = The American authorities are |time past recruiting hes been brisk |PAPer as high as it is.” “What's that o
Ge justice to the’men of Canada Who lingion;.Misy Grace Totten and E. L.| Serge with hat to match, and the f, jie in the fuel situation in the |for the-63rd battery. Many young (YOU expect? “An embargo on po- ar
4 South At-|have already enlisted for overseas |Hoprood, soloists; Essex quartet, Pot- happy ‘couple left amid the congratu- > i | x etry.” S
Paris, June 18th—The South At-l S.C CFCS, Cc v to the Em- fos sta; ssex quartet, Bov-4 tions and good wishes ofa: number | thorough manner which the difficult |men. from the United States came 3
lantic liner Sequana, 550 passengers b4 ; ter Orchestra and Dr. H. A. Bowle; problem requires. He does not over the border to become . gunners h

$100 Reward, $100.

The readers of this‘paper will ‘be
pleased to learn that there is st least
one dreaded disease’ that science his
been able to cure in all its stages, and-
that is Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh Cure
15 the only positive cure now known'
to the medical fraternity. Catarrh be-
Ing a constitutional disease, requires.
a constitutional treatment. Hall's
Catarrh Cure is taken internally, act-
ing directly upon the blood and muec-
ous surfaces of the system, thereby de-
stroying the foundation of the disease, » X
and giving the patient #trength by
building up the constitution and as-
sisting nature in doing its work. The
proprietors have so much faith in its
curative power that they offer One
gi Dollar 20 5 ae that it
ails to. cure. In: Tr of testi.
monials. ge p
Address; F.J. CHENEY & CO., To-
ledo, Ohio. >
Sold by Druggists, price, 75c.
Take Hall's Family Pills for consti

Siok
that Canada will have any great dif-
culty in obtaining the quantity of
anthracite needed, if the transporta-
tion companies are able to distribute
it properly to the points in the Do-
minion where it is required. The sup-
plying of bituminous coal presents a
more difficult problem, and he desires
every Canadian consumer of bitumin-
ous coal immediately to write him at
Ottawa, stating the quantity of. coal
he has been consuming and the quan

tity: he will require,”
_~————

His Report.

“Do people ever take advantage of
the invitation to use the church for
meditation and prayer?’ a’city verger
was once asked. “Yes,” he replied, “1
catched two of 'em at it the other
day!” 3

PE —— ad 7
HUGE BEQUESTS BY \
LATE F. H. WALKER

and the drafts which have been sent
over to England have been composed
of particularly fine men, who, from
the date of thdir enlistment, have
showed the greatést keenness fn
their work and trainéd in record
time. It was rumored at headquart-
ers on Saturday that Major Cameron
will go overseas with the next draft,
as- for some time past he has been
using every effort to get overseas
with an artillery unit.

  

  
     

Na

  
    
  
   
  

  

  

  
    
   
    
   
  

    
   
  
 
  
 
 

   
   

  
    
  
     
  

 

    
   
   
 
  
    
  

A FEW EPIGRAMS.

 

No man knows exactly how he looks.

A rut is a grave -without ends ‘or
top. :

Evil
throned.

If there were no clouds there would
be no rainbows.

That man is great who has great
friends and great enemies.

Whether a man is a sneak-or a
detective dépends on his motive.

A true church is the embodiment of]
the spiritual ideals of the race.

The things which are fundamental
ars rooted in the constitution of na-
ture. 3

‘When a young man goes throu
college in an automobile he is mov-
ing some. 4

Remember that this day—to.day—is
the greatest day in therhistory of the
world.

Nature is well-dressed—four changes
of raiment in the year is the divine
allowance.

Certain women would die happy if
they could see this old world swept
and dusted. x

* A criminal {8 a pessimist—when a
man blieves evrything is going
wrong he goes wrong.

A religious doctrice or theological
dogma, if true, will find its best illus-
tration in nature.

  
 
   
 

 

   

‘commercialized {8 evil en-

   
    
  
  
 

    
  
 
 
 

 

 
   
  
 
 
 
    
   
   
    
   
    
      
    

   
  
 

State of MicHigan'to Receive $26,605
of Estate.

According to final figurés the state
of Michigan will receive an inheri-
tance tax of $26,605.52 on thd es-
tate of the late Franklin H. Walker,
former head of Hiram Walker &
Sons, Limited, of Walkerville,
The widow of the distiller receives
$1,;300,631.77, in addition to real es-
tate valued at $97,000. -

To the Countess Ella Matuschka,
of Bechau, Silesia,” Germany, the
daughter, is bequeathed a share
amounting to $1,280,000. .

Under the will the household and
family servants are given in cash
sims amounting to 10 per cent: of
the, gross amounts paid, them during

 

     
  
    
   
 

American Restaurant

Murray Street
Amherstburg

SPECIAL .-

FISH, CHICKEN,
FROG LEG DINNERS

Boat and Auto Parties Served on
Short Notice.

CHOW ‘& SUEY!

@ SPROPRIETORS #

   
     

   

       
  
   

   
    
  
     
   

   
  
  

  
  

     

   

    
   
   
  
   
  
     
    
  
  

    
    
  
   
       
     
     
   

   
  
  
  

 

The will also provides that the
widow of the late General Frederick
W. Swift shall be furnished a suit-
able residence or apartment during
her life.

 

 

    
   
 
 
 
  

       

bill, to legalize the sale of Sunday
n pers on the Lord's Day and to
tho mornl and spiritual lite of the
. community, and a serious menace to
our national life, we therefore express
our disapproval to any such legisla-
tons +: :

"Another resolution denounced the
use of automobiles for Sunday pleas-
“ure, which, the conference considered,
43 depleting ghurch congregations dur-

   
  
 
 
 
   
  
  
   
 
  
  
   
 
  

   
  
  

   

     
  
   
 
  
  
 
  
  
   

  

and assertions . that millions of’
rounds of ammunition lind been
stored In this jeity for Immediate
shipment, were made yesterday by
Count Max Lyner Louden, applying
for a pardon for bigamy conviction
in. general court. y
+ He said he was to be tne chief of
staff and flel’l marshal of the ex:
vedition.

Drills weré In progréss ameng the
German reservists in’ every Turner
hall in the country, he sald. T

These statements were confirmed
by Federal Agent Adams, who also
declared 2,000,000 rounds of ammu-
nition had been seized in a house ut
200 Houston street,

Louden said he had turned over to
the secretary of war detafled plans
of the projected invasion. .
He told Judge Rosalsky he would
exchange a plan to make ships sub-
mariné proof for a pardon.
After a hurried consultation with
representatives from! the distriot at-
torney's ‘office, Judge ;Rosalsky : de-
cided to turn down the offer, remark-
ing that he would act on Lounden's ap-
plication "when the war fs over.”
pate? Me —
_ When Wisdom Comes, ve
Ot course, Age Is wise—but the wis:
(dom comes of looking, backward. -

ne A Native Acacia.

The Misses Dora Liddle, Amy Hick-
son and Nina: Derbyshire, and John:
Featherston, who have been attending
the Normal school at London, return-
ed home on Saturday. The final ex-
amination this ycar Is said to have
been just a little more difficult than
ordinarily.

While working in his vncle’s plan-
ing mill at Galt, on Friday last, Frank
| Bailey, son of J. W. Bailey, of this
place, had the misfortune to have the
little. finger of his left hand cut off
by a,circular saw, and two' other fin-
gers badly Incerated. The doctors
think they will be able to save the
third finger. He fs now in the hos-
pital and doing 28 well as could be
expected.

  
 
  
   
  
   
  

adjourned; T. W. Weyburn vs. H.
Niece, judgment for plaintiff; R. M.
Birce and G. W, Doyle ve. R. Robert-
son, adjourned; Brett & Auld vs. S. A.
Kenifeck, judgment for plaintiffs;
B. J. Moore vs. §. A. Kenifeck, judg:
ment {or phintiff; W. H: Richardson
vs. S. A. Kenifeck, judgment for plain-
tiff; J. A. Hicks vs. S. A. Kenifeck,
dismissed; J. D. Simons ¥s. D.
Schwartz, adjourned; Charles Talbot
and E.-Meloche vs, Jos. Webster, dis-
missed as to garnishees; W. ‘Neuen-| .
dorfe vs. D. York, judgment for plain-
tiff; Mrs. Beratram v8. Ged. Campbell,
judgment for plaintiff; M..E. Bartosh

vs, Wm. Boose, judgment for plaintiff; t ; ES

Wm, Neuendorf vs.’ Aimer Doan, judg- J va v
ment for plaintiff; Shelton Campbell] -

; ve. J. Lutvak, judgment for $2.
"A large delegation of fishermen re
along the Ike shore appeared before | 241ST BATTALION BROKEN UP.

the Railway Commission In Toronto |.
Information was received by W. T.

on Wednesday in an effort to get some
relief from the miserable express ser: | Gregory from England, Tuesday morn-
ing of last week, the ‘241st Scot.

| vice they have been having as the re-

sult of having but one express train] tish Borderers n broken up, |

each wey since last January. ' The| id, with the
5th Reserve Bafta

Hing. The Junior

Rallway Board met at the Commercial

| Hotel, Wheatley,» Wednesday, to in-
quire further into the matter. * ~ Jordered to go on
Pa ——— 3 lor W X

 

  
  
 
 
  
 
  

   
  
    
    
   
   

    
   
   
   

  
 
  

   
   
    
    
     
    
 

   
   
   
  
      
 
  
  
  
 
  
 

    
   
  
  

    
  
  
    
  
  
  
  

   
  
 

the summer months.
The 43rd General Assemply of the
esbyterion church in Canada, meet-
\ ing in ‘Montreal, unanimously agreed
n'a coyrse {n regard to the projected
‘Presbyterian, Methodist

0 denominations,
OnE .

) “assures on discon-
eof organized propagandan-
and against the object until
: 8 conclusion of the
arts the imminently, threat-
/ Presbyterian church

   
 
  
  
  
     
 
  

} Summer Dresses
~ FOR MISSES

A3

* Dresses so fluffy, jaunty and cool looking thai
you will wish ‘you could wear summer dresses
~ Voiles, Lawns, Voile and Gingham

alw
combinations, striped and fighred: ovalties )

,

    
 

   
   
  
  
   
  

 
   
 
   
  

    

   
   
    
   
    
  

 

   
    

    
 
  

 

 
   
     
   
   

 

  
 
  

 
   

  
 

   

 

_of acapin; the cat's cl
which fs: but a shrub in
“but comes a tree
|

111
