 
   
   

 

 

 

 

00D WE LIVE

+ If you tire easily, are subject to cold hands or feet—if you
catch colds readily or have rheumatic pains—your blood or
circulation is probably at fault and you need

SCOTTSE

OF THE PUREST COD LIVER OIL

 f% which is nature’s easily-assimilated food, to increase
1%; your red corpuscles and charge the blood with life-
f{>J¥ sustaining richness. Scott’s creates warmth to throw
~ off colds and gives resistance to prevent sickness.
Always Insist on SCOTT'S. Every Druggist has it.

SCOTT & BOWNE, Toronto, Ont. 18-18

    

 

  
   

 

  
   
 
 

    

 

FLOWERS

How often there is occasion to send a message of such
tender sentiment that it can only be expressed in Flowers.

You are constantly taking advantage of this means
of expressing your love, gratitude, esteem or friendship.

Do you realize that it is to your advantage to place
your order for Flowers with a reliable Florist.

We guarantee that the most simple FLorAL OFFERING
executed by uswill be worthy of its purpose:

TI IS O N y 5 46-48 Ouellette Ave., Windsor

Phones 348-339-460
C1) DAILY, BETWEEN (

(
{
NIE

 

 

  
  

 

   
    
       
    
    
       
    

a — Arde

3 — MAGNIFICENT STEAMERS — 3

The Great Ship "SEEANDBEE"—*CITY Of ERIE"="CITY OF BUFFALC™

BETWEEN

CLEVELAND — Daily, May 1st to Nov. 15th —BUFFALO

Leave CLEVELAND 8:0 P.M.) ORNTRAL | Loavo Burrard AP. ML
Arrive Burraro 6:30 AI M. | Svawpimo Tiwm | Arrive CLEVELATD GPA. HTH

QOonnoctions at Buffalo for Niagara Falls and all Eastern and Canadian points. Rallrozd
wicks roading between Oloveland am god for transportation on our

ors. Al sek: Lino, New Tourist Astemoblls
bir er fo A nob excusding 157.00. whool bass.

Beautifully colored sectional parle chars of ‘Rye Great Shis © SREANDBET 1 4008 03
recoiph of ive conta. Also at or our S6-page Potorial and descriptive bookiat fren,

‘The Cleveland & Buffalo
‘Transit Company 3

 

 

   

sys refu

The Groat Ship “AERANDREE™
— 04 largest and ment costly
plag

passenger Blsamep oa ln
Blee,

RUN RAILWAY £3
G 0 T SYSTEM A

s { | you send a parcel to your soldier
HOMESEEKERS EXCURSIONS friend In training or atthe front,
Round trip tickets to points in Mani-

don't forget to put’. in: some
tobn.* Saskatchewan and Alberta vial Zam-Buk. The soldiers say they
North Bay, Cochrane and Tronscon-| cannot got enough of ft. *
tinental Route,’or via Chicago, St. Paul Capt. Brooks, No, 4 Company, 7th
or Duluth, on sale each Tuesday until Battalion, writing from the front,
October 30th, inclusive, at low rates.

says: “Tell my friends, If they
Through Tourist Sleeping Cars to

want to help us, we should be
WINNIPEG on above dates; leav- awfully glad of some Zam-Buk. Wo
ing Toronto 10.45 P.M. no change

find {t just splendid, and can use
all that {s sent us.” 3
the place of

of cars, vin Transcontinental Nothing - takes
Route. Zam-Buk amongst the soldiers, They
n Limit, Two Months, use it for rheumatism, blistered

Agta et, feet, sore hands; cuts, burns

and scratches. Being antiseptic,
Zam-Buk  prevonts festeriog and
Mood-poisoninz. For ec7ema, or
any skin trouble, it {3 equally good,
and for piles there is nothing to
compare with Zam-Buk.

Bxclusive of date of sale, ‘Berth re-
servations and full particulars at all
Grand Trunk ticket offices, or write

C. E. HORNING,
D. P. A., Toronto, Ont.

MARSH, G. T.R. Agent, Am-

AW. . All druggists and stores, or
herstburg, Ont. Phone 6 or 116. musk Co., Toronto. bic. boxy 8
or $1.25. .

NOTICE OF CONSTRUCTION OF
PAVEMENT

UNDER THE

Local Improvement Act.

TAKE NOTICE THAT— ;
A. The council of the Corporation 0
- Town of Amherstburg intends to
construct as a “local {mprovement a
reinforced concrete pavement d curb
on Apsley Street and Sandwich\Street
between the south side of Gora Street
and, ‘the north side of william
Street, and intends to specially assess
a part of the cost upon ihe land abut-
actly on the work.
ig oe mated cost of the work
is’ $40,202.66 of which $20,320.55 is.to
id by the Corporation.
i oy seca) rate per foot frontage
is $2178. Tue sipecial assessment 18
to be paid In ten annual instalments. |
3. A petition against the work will{sarily accepted. ;
ngt avail to prevent its construction | (Signed) WM. STEWART,
bat the owners afféicted may apply to |* Township Clerk.
the Ontario Railway und Municipal| Pelee, May 3nd, 1917. -

Board under the conditions provided :
NOTICE

{n‘the Statute in that behalf. °
Dated at Amherstburg, this 9th day
NOTICE [8 hereby given that the Council

of: May, 1917.
GORDON E. PULFORD,
Clerk!
of the Corporation of the Township of
Poles, In the County of Essex, will, at a
meating of the said” Council to be held at
the Town Hall in the sald Township of
Peles on the 26th day of May, A. Di 1917,
at the hour of 2.00 o'clock in the affer-
noon) pass a aw for the purpose of
ropeal By-law No, 204, and opening up
as a public highway. that portion of the
South Boy Shore Road across the fronts of
ports of Lots No. 30 anf 34, closed unde!
he provisions of the sald by-law.

All persons in favor of, or opposed to,
the passing of tho sald By-law are hereby
notified fo attend at the above mentioned
time and place, either in person or-by
Son sol or solicitor; and they shall be

oil
Dated at Pelee Island, fn the sald Town-
ship of Peles, this 30th day of April, A. D.

19017.
WILLIAM STEWART,
Clork of the sald Township of Pelee.

‘CHARLES MCLEAN,

GENERAL CONTRACTOR,
AMHERSTBURG - - - ONTARIO

——

   

Ld

 

 

“Tenders Wanted.

 

SEALED TENDERS will be received
by the undersigned up to 8 o'clock P.
M., on

Saturday, May 19th, 1917,

for the erection of a two-storey brick
building, 28 by 37 feet, for the Town-
ship of Pelee, according to plans and
specifications .prepared for the pur-
pose, on file in the office of the Clerk
in the sald Township, which may be
geen at all reasonable times,

The lowest or any tender not neces-

 

 
   
    

 

 

Mortgage Sale.

Pursuant fo the favors contained in a
esrtain mortage Which will be produced
at the time, there will be offered. for sale
by Public . Auction’ at the CRAWFORD

HOUSE, WINDSOR, on
THURSDAY, MAY 31st, 1917

at Two o'clock 1h the afternoon,
all and singular those certain parcels or
tracts bf land and premises situate, ying
and being in the Township of Malden, In
the County of Essex. and composed of: the
Northeast part of BOIS BLANC ISLAND In
the Dotroif River, containing tnree andj
elght-tenths ncres, more or Iess, together
with water I0t In front thereof more
particularly described In the sald mort- |

Rage, 7
ds are Just opposite the
Tho sald land i) posi le

Amherstburg and adjol
on Rois Rianc Park of iho Detroit
Windsor Ferry Company, having a splendid
forry service from Datrol during the sum-

ar ‘has a. frontage on the river of

855 febt, constituting one of the finest
Socata tor summer residences anywhere

ver. “
on the -Detrolt RIFF: 11d vo he 1. large

on ane ko? 2 smaller dwelling-

frame dwelling-house;
P10 combimation boat-louse
dweliing J A a stom-house all ready for

immedi Samra
©The property © offered for sale
supe a reserve
urenase. mon
‘endo! ficitor_ang the

days the after, or a
Te tn romain. ecurst by.

 

 

  

   

other month, . -
4 ‘am also prepared to do all kind
of carpenter work. ¢ 3

   
     
 

* 'Phone 201 : | X
Jape. Fronchy.

  
  
     
  
  
   
   
 
 
  
  

  
  

1 have purchased two houses and
lots on Park Street which | will re.
and | model and have ready for rent In an-

‘Colchester Sith Council.

andey, May 7th.

Council met {n rpgular session. All
members present. *

The minutes of NBL regular meting
were read.

Moved by Messrs McLain and Bon-
day, that the migites be adopted as
repd.—Carried.

Moved by Mess. Barnet and Das
lappe, the third redding of the by-law
granting exemption of tax to John
Wall & Co. on thelr proposed canning
factory at HarroW.—Carried, and by-
law read, passed and adopted,

Frank Brown %sked the council to
look after the ditch along his place
and also repair (he bridge.

George McGill asked the council to
look after ceriain drainagé near his
place.

Moved by Messrs. Barnett and Bon-
day, that the Reeve and Mr. McLean
be a committee to slook after these
matters, —Carried.

Moved by Mesars. McLean and Bon-
dy, that Mr. Wilion put in two catch
basing on the Adams drain, and have
same charged to the drain.—Carried.

Council adjourned untid 2 p.m.

Council resumed at-2 p.m.

Milton Coates presented petitions
signed by five ratepayers of S. S. Nos,
4 and 11, asking (6 have Milton
Contes’ property assessed permanently
in 8S. S. No. 11.

Moved by Messrs. Bajnet and Bon-
dy, that a court of re¥ision on the
of these sections that ¢he council has
decided to make the phove change.—
Carried.

Charles Brown, Verse Bondy, Aja
Stephens, Fred. Wright, Arthur
Heaton applied for loans for tile
drainage. :

Moved by Messrs
lippe, that the applications be
cepted.—Carried.

Tenders were opened on the Charles
Shepley drain, and raoved by Messrs,
Bondy.and Deslippe, that Albert Ger-
ard's tendér be accepted at $1,425,
his being the lowest tender.—Carried.

Moved by Messrs. McLean and Bon-
day, that a court of revision on the
assessment roll, be held on Monday,
June 4th, 1917, at 9 a.m,—Carrled.

Moved by Messrs.  Deslippe and
Bondy, that the following® accounts
be paid:—$10 to Thomas Bondy, in
full of all -claims for fences and
bridges on Shepley drain; $5 to John
Wilson, commission for overseeing
the Adams draim; $7.53 to Artemus
Wright, accoumt In connection with
taking Willlam Coates to, Sandwich;
$50 to William Martin, interest on note
of $1,000; $7.65 to John Readman; for
sanitary work; $13.90 to F. Herdman,
for repairing scrapers; $10.40 to Chas.
Bondy, Colcliesteér share for scraping
the townline west; $4 to Albert Drury,
for work on 5th Con. drain, and
charge to drain; $2.76 to Arthur Mar-
tin, for furnishing tile and putting in
same on 4th con. Toad; $3 to Alfred
Geauvreau, for putting tile across
townline at end of 6th con. road; $156
to Gordon Ulch, for sheep killed by
dogs unknown.—Carried,

Council adjourmed.

——

Colchester North Council.

Saturday, April 14th,

Council met In regular session.

Chas. Bornett mand Wm. Thompson
addressed’ the comncil concerning the
condition of the Thomson Award
Drain, complaining that the Batten
Side Road Drain was mot acting as a
sufficient outlet for thie Award Drain.
The matter was’ conildered, and on
potion was laid Byer until next meet-
ng.

Geo. "Hall appearcd concerning his
statute’ labor work, and also asked
the council to, grant the payment of
part of the taxes against Wm. Mec-
Caffrey's propénty, Mr. McCaffrey be:
ing in a very bid state of health.

On motlon, & warrant for $6.98, to
cover the township and county rates
on e pt 16, com, 12, was pased.,

Geo, Blight and N. Niece asked that
the culvert at the, corner of the 12th
con. and N. R. R. be enlarged.

On motion, Councillor Purvis was
appointed to attend to same, with
power to act. * 1

Frederick Arps addressed the coun-
cil concerning the poor condition of

Barnett and Des-
nce

 

the westerly portion of the Sth con.

road, asking that it be graded, and
that the bank of the 8th Con. and
Brush Sideroad Drain be made higher
80 a8 to stop the water from over-

flowing and running across his
property, ’ J
On motion, Mr. Sweatman was ap-

pefaten to attend same, with power to
act.

Cyril Paquette asked that a drain
be constructed along the west town-
line from the 13th con. road, south to
Sucker Creek.

On_ motion, the reeve and Mr. Road-
house were appointed to meet the
parties concerned, and report.it next
meeting.

Jules Cadarette served notice upon
the council to repair the Scott Drain
along lots 9 and 10, con. 12.

On motion, the clerk was instructed

~['to notify J. S. Laird to lay out same.

On motion, the collector's time was
extended until next regular meeting.

Moved by Mr. Purvis, seconded by
Mr. Sweetman, that the court-of re-
vision on the assessment roll be held
Satnrdey. May 26th, at 2 p.m.—Car-
ried. -
On motion, warrants were issued to

    
  
   
     
 
 
  

 

this year’s crop to be worth $2,000,000.

Charlie Mark, a Chinese laundry-
man, of Watford, was found lying on a
bed in his room with his throat cut.
He was rushed to the liospital at Sar-
nin, where he made oa statement de-
claring that he had been wakened
{fom sleep to find a man bending over
him who demanded his money. When
he refused, he declared the man
slashed his throat with a razor, rified
Mark's effects and made his escape.
Physicians say he has a chance for
Arecovery: ~~ 4

1 3

 

   

 
  
   
  
  
  
 

cover demands and council adjourned.)

Huroa county bean growers expect)

   
   
 
    
 

 

GOSFIELD NORTH.

Jasoph Myers and wife are visiting
with relatives in this section. Mr.
Myers recently sold his farny’ near
Reid Hill, Alta, and purposes locat-

ing in Ontario again.
Cottam.

A number of the young friends of
Mrs, Clinton Galloway tendered her
a miscellaneous shower at the home
of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. Darius
Dresser, on Tuesday.—Cottam Meth-
odist Sunday school has elected the
following officers for the coming term:
Supt., Frank Wilcox; Asst. Supt,
Hugh Ferguson; Sec., Carrie Petty-
Plece; Asst. Sec., Sada Neville; Treas-
urer, Hazel Williams; Organist, Erie

 

 

The session of the non-jury sitting
at Sandwich was concluded by tae
action brought by Benjamin Seigel,
Detroit merchant, to recover damages
from Cadwell Co. for trespass on Mr,
Seligel's lot, which adjoins defendant's
office building on Sandwich street
West, Windsor, and which plaintiff
states he had to have fenced to pre-
vent defendant company placing sewer.
crock on same and Using part thereof
as a rondway to haul Las sand and
gravel up to Saadwich street. Judg-
ment was given piaintify {h- 8675 with
full costs of suit. 1. Mareer Morton
appeared for plaintiff and J. H. Rodd
for defendant. Mr. Justice Clute, who

  

        
       
        
          
       
      
        
        
      
      
    

 

Hawkes; Asst. Organist, Lawrence | presided, disposed of 19 cases.
Ferguson; teacher Adult Bible class, he
Mrs. J. F. Sutcliffe. WHEATLEY.
fre a
INDSOR. A meeting for the purpose of organ-
S {zing a baseball club in’ the village
While out shooting birds with | Yas held at the Unlon Bank rooms

on Monday éveuniug of last week, when
the following officers were elected: —
Pres., O. Lounsbury; Vice-Pres., G. O,
Robertson; Manager, B. G. Fisher;
Sec.-Treas,, R, N. Epplett,

TRANSPLANTING THE TOBACCO
CROP.

 

small rifle, Joseph Waston, aged 12,
of 74 Lilllan avenue, was slightly
wounded when one of the bullets
glanced after William Edmunds, aged
13, of 212 Howard avenue, fired at a
bird in a tree. The bullet inflicted a
slight wound In his hand.

Funeral services for Sister Mary
Thomas, one of the founders of St.
Mary's Academy, were held in St. Al-
phonsus’ church Friday morning. Very
Rev. Dean Downey, vicar of St. Al-
phionsus' parish, had charge of the ser-
vices, and was assisted by Rev. Denis
O'Connor, of London, vicar-general-of
the dolcese, representing Bishop Fal-
lon.

 

(By D. D. Digges, Supt. Tobacco Sta-
tion, Harrow.)

Practically no crop gives larger re-
turns for labor expended in properly
preparing the seed bed than does to-
bacco,

The land for tobacco should be
plowed as early In the spring as_pos-
sible and worked up with the disc
. Continuing their campaign against |and “harrow until in a finely pulver-
“intoxicated” Windsorites police of |ized condition. After thi¥ the soil
the borden city arrested 18 at the |should be harrowed after rains In or-
ferry dock Saturday and Sunday |der to keep the weeds in check, and
nights. In police court Monday morn-|to prevent excessive lofs of moisture
ing, hfey were each taxed the.regula- | by evaporation.
tion $10 and costs. Several of the of~f "It has been proven that, tobacco on
fenders: pleaded they purchased. the | soils which have been’ treated in this
liquor in Detroit for medicinal pur- | way suffers much loss, from lack of
poses, one stating he was obliged to | moisture, in seasons of drought than
seek relief in drink because of a se-|does tobacco: on fields which have
vere toothache. been allowed to form and keep a

Eight grocers crust, on the surface, for long periods
court Saturday morning and were |of time.
found | guilty of keeping common Transplanting should be begun soon
gaming houses by allowing children | after all danger of frost is over; eith-
to play punch boards in thelr stores. |er late in May or early in June. The
Magistrate Leggatt fined each $2, re- | tobacco transplanted “early generally
marking that the merchants were |attaing {ts growth before the dry per-
conducting the games without thought | jods of midsummer affect it much, and
as to their influence on the children. | will, as a rule, be harvested In time to
Those fined Saturday morning were: | get the benefit of the most suitable
Albert Livery, 165 London street west; | curing weather_jn the fall; hence a
Isadore Katzman, 173 London streét | brighter colored produce will result.
west; Adelard St. Denis, 161 London Several days before the crop is to be
street west; Albert Ouellette, 158 | transplanted the plants should be
London street west; Ralph Kirk, 159 |hardened off or toughened by removing
London street west; N. Farah, 147 |the canvas or glass during the day;
Wyandotte street” east; Louls La-land in mild weather these covers may
Plante, 166 Wyandotte étreet east, and | also be left off at night. However,
Nick Balish, 77 Wyandotte street east, | care should be exercised not to carry
Albemy Goyeau, another merchant, | this hardening off process too far or a
was found gullty a few days ago. He |woody plant which will be’ slow in
too was fined $2. starting off to grow in the field, will

er rea—— result.

TOWN OF ESSEX. . In drawing the plants for transplant-

: ing the beds should first be well wat-
Sam E. Smith received a letter last

ered and a careful selection made.
week from his son, Pte. Oliver Smith, | Only stocky healthy plants from heal-
stating that he {8 In" a hospital In

France as the result of sickness, fol-
lowing the battle of Vimy Ridge, in
which he took part.

At the meeting of the Women's
Patriotic League on Monday, Mrs, Jas.
Johnston was elected Secretary to
succeed Miss Ethel-Laird, who has
resigned. Miss Laird has taken a
position as bookkeeper for A. Me-
Kenngy. of Amherstburg, who has a
diifry business in ‘Windsor.

Rev. A. S. Parnall, who has been
pastor of the Baptist churches of
Hsgex and South Waodslee for the
past three and a half years, has re:
signed. Mr. Parnaoll. has decided to
turn his attention for th® next six
months to food production, and has
already secured a position on a farm
fn the vicinity of Essex.

M. C. Walters, the well-known De-

trolt attorney, and formerly of Essex,
has offered a prize of $100 to Troop
70 of the Boy Scouts” (Grosse Point
division), If it will raise 500 bushels
of staple vegetables on land which
was not worked last year, and will
vote $50 of the amount, If the prize 1s
won, to the Red Cross Assoclation.
The Scotts have taken hold of the
matter enthusiastically, and have ac-
quired a tep-acre plece of land which
they~are proceeding to put under cul:
tivation.
The W. M. S. of Grace Methodist
church have just closed the most
successful year in its history... They
rafsed $151 this year, and have added
eight new members, The life certi-
flcate was presented to Mrs. Massey
this year. The new officers are as
follows: —Pres., Mrs. J. A. Dowswell;
1st VicePres., Mri. Armstrong; Rec.
Sec., Mrs. 8. F. Iler; Cor, Sec., Mrs. J.
E. Stone; Treas, Mrs. H. Wigle; Supt.
of Mite Boxes, Mrs. W. Blight; Supt.
of Cradle Ron, Mrs. Massey; Supt. of
Systematic Giving, Mrs. Rogers.

P. M. Beaman was quite busy last
week, 0s in addition to having the
boys up before him on Tuesday even-
ingafor trespassing on the M. C. R,, he
had a liquor case, and. a charge for
infraction of the town by-laws. The
Intter was a charge by Chief of Police
Hill against J. W. Eisley for riding
his bleycle on the sidewalk after being
warnedi—Fine $1 and costs. The
liquor case was a charge by Inspector
Stone aginst Geo. Stothard, of Col-
chester North, for keeping liquor for
sale. The-action wns dismissed, but
the P. M. put the defendant on the in-
terdicted list. Three autolsts who
were travelling without rear lights on
their autos, called to see the.P. M:
before an {information was laid, and
on promise not to violate we act again
were allowed to go.

 

appeared in police

 

plants from diseased beds can not be
too strongly condemned. As a rule
such plants will not grow well and
produce a maximum crop; * further-
more, the use of such plants Is practi-
cally certain to infect the whole fleld
with the disease, thus rendering it un-
fit for the production of tobacco for
several years.

About two days before the tobacco
i8 to be set out the fleld should be
treated for cut worms. A very satis-
factory method for eradicating this
pest has been found in the application
of poisoned bran.
sists of first, cleaning the fleld of all
grass and weeds, and then sowing
broadcast ‘over the field, late in the
evening, the following mixture: Bran,
50 pounds; Paris green, 1 pound; mo-
lasses, 1 gallon; water, 133 gallons.
‘The bran and Paris green are first
mixed tcgether while A»y and then
made Into a paste by ti “addition of
the water and molasses which have
begn previously mixed. The above
formula is the quantity of the mixture
required to treat an acre of soll.

GESTO BOYS IN CASUALTY LIST

 
       
  
   
   
    
   
 
  

 

   
   
    

  
     
     

 

A. C. Atkinson, of Gesto, received
a letter last week from his nephew,
Pte. Del Hoskin, who went overseds
with tlie 99th Battalfon last year, and
was later transferred to thes 20th Bat-
tallon In service In France, stating
that he.wag wounded in the left leg
below the knee at the battle of Vimy:
Ridge on April 8th, and is now in a
hospital at Cardiff, Wales, where he is
recovering from his wounds.

A letter was received the same day
from Pte. D. A. Rupert, to the effect
that Pte. Thomas Hughes had been
killed in action. Pte. Rupert does not
icive the date of his death, but is Is
likely that Pte. Hughes pald the
supreme sacrifice about the same time
that so many Canadian soldiers suf.
fered. Pte. Hughes was employed by
Elba Lewis, on the Malden Road; near
Gesto, and enlisted at Essex in the
99th Battalion, being transferred to
the 19th Battalion. Ptes, Rupert and
Hughes were chums, and were. in the
engagement together, Pte. Rupert
escaping without injury. Pte. Hughes
was about 20 years of age, and had
worked near Gesto for a couple of
years, His mother lives in England.

| Sountless Women
find—

that when suffering from’

  

      
     
   
 
 
     
   

 

     
  

  
   
   
   
   
  
  

   
   

 
    
  
 

 

   

  
   
    
  
 
  
  
   
  
  
   
  
 

 
  
 
   
      

mamma —— 7 . v A
_ GOSFIELD SOUTH. nervousness, sick headache,
w Ruthven. v “dizzy spells and ailments

  
 
 

peculiar to their sex—
nothingaffordssuch prompt
and welcome relief, as will
follow a few doses of

Many of the fishermen along the
lake shore here have already placed
their nets, while others are driving
their stakes and getting ready for a
big scason's catch.—The large addi-
tion wiigh is being built at the Union-
on-the-Lake Sanitorium 18 fast nearing
‘completion. It will be ready for the
painters In a few doys.. The added ac-
mmodation made possible through
© addition Is material.—The local |

nt and tile work are running
ight asd day to a ihe. rush of 1
usands’ of 8 are ng
nd hauled cach day.—<Cahrlie
ot, Detrolt who purchased the |
; Jog res Ee hos
Union, fs he house |
ed to be as o summer |

      
   
 
 
 

  
  
    
    
   
 
  
 
  
  

  
 

>

  
 
  
  
 
  
 

don for the year 1017, will bo held at the

thy. beds should be used. The use of |”

This method caon- |.

    
   
  
      
  
 
   
      
    
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

    
 
 
  
 
  

    
 
  

      
        

 
 
      
 
  

 
  
     
 
   
   
   
   
   
    
         
    
   

     
 
 
 

Shaving Single Handed
in a Military Hospital

Only those who have been there can
realize what the Gillette Safety Razer is
doing for the wounded! :

Clean shaving on the firing line, possible only
with a Gillette, has saved endless trouble in dressing
face wounds. In the hands of orderly or nurse it
shortens by precious minutes the preparations for
operating. Later, in the hands of the patients, it is
a blessing indeed!

As soon as their strength begins to return, they
get the Gillette into action, and fairly revel in the
finishing touch which it gives to the welcome clean-
liness of hospital life. For though he can use but
one hand—and that. one shaky—a man can shave
himiself safely and comfortably with a Gillette

Safety Razor. /

     
    
      
 
  
       
    
   
       
       
      
   
    
   
   
    
      
     
   
        
       
   
     
       
    
   
   
     
        
   
   
    
       
         
      
       
      
           
        
         
          
       
        

It may seem a little thing to you fo send a Gillelle to that
lad you know Overseas, but to him il will mean so much! It
will bring a touch of home comfort to his life on active service,
and be even more appreciated if he gets “Blighty”. i 240

: Court of Revision. |THE SULLIVAN STALLIONS

TOWNSHIP OF ANDERDON.

NOTICE in hereby given that the first
sittings of the Court of Revision on the
Assessment Roll of the Township of Ander-

 

 

 

The Imported ercheron Stallion

GANGANELLI,

No. 62535, and (7085)
Canadian Record 3488. 4
Color and Description—Bblack with star,

 

    
  
  
   
 
     
 
  

Town Hall, Anderdon, at 0 a.m., Saturday,
May 26th, 1817, to hear the appeals against
sald assessment.

A.C. manLLOVX, hind feet white, stan 103% Shands high, ;
Dated at Anderdofi this 3rd day of=May, | NOIENt 2.100 DOUGS: Lore Sia

101%, from
ol %0., of Indianapolis,
3 . J. Sullivan, Windsor, t.
Will travel the following route during
season of 1917: —
MONDAYS a Laurent Parent's, Tecum-
> and Edmund Parent's, Te-
nights, “
will proceed “to Mr. Fritz's,
scar Holden's for night.
DAYS. at Victor Prieur’s, ons
af Meare oe noon, and D. & As
night. 3
SDAYS will proceed along the Am-
herstburg Pike to Thomas Langlois, noon,
thence north through Anderdon 10 the Gan=
ard River hotel, and remain until Saturday
am. thence by way of the Malden Road to
Joseph Cousipeau'’s hotel, noon thence to ww
hif own barn in ‘Windsor, night, and. re- .
main until. Monday morning. .
THis horse is regarded as the best Perch-
eron horse in Ontario, bar none. He has
4jze, substance and quality and Is a breed- .
er of frst class commercial horses.
L fuvife the attention of particular horse-
men to inspect’ this horse. Hes enrolled
“| under the Canadian Stallion Act.
TERMS—$15.00 to insure living colt;
mares that Jose their colts must ba. paid
r, and th may be returned free nexs
par, or a stitute. In their place. Par-
ties disposing of their mares be ore fosling
time will be held for full {nsurance. Care
will bo taken’ to prevent accidents, as
will ngt be responsible for any.

F. J. SULLIVAN,

WINDSOR.
i a
The Prize-Winning Percheron Stallion

AVOCATION,

Recorded In the Percheron Society of
America as No. 86048; Canadian re- ;
cord 4796; color—light dapple gre;
foaled June 8, 1911. Bred by Ellison
Bros., LaMoure, North Dekota ; now
owned by F. J. Sullivan, Windsor.

This horse is a:besutiful. light dapple
grey, with good Straight legs and smooth
+] joints, nice slant pasterns snd trapn ac

tion. He won third prize at Guelph Fas
Stock Show In 1915..in a class of 17 {m=
ported horses, and first prize at the Pro-
.vincfal Fair at Frederieion, New Bruns-
wick, the same fall; [I paid the top price
for this colt in Iowa when ! bought him,
and I regard him as one of the best bred
Percherons fn the Province. He {8 sired
by a good imported horse that Is now at
the head of the stud of Ellison Brothers,
of LaMoure, North Dakota. His Arst dam
is sired by Olbert, who was twice cham-
plon at the International Stock Show at
Chicago, and was sold 10 H. G. McMillan &
sons, of Iowa, for $5,000, to stand at the
head of their stud. Olbert stood at a ser-
vico foe of $100. This colt looks much
like him, and thore IS no question why he
should tot be a good -breeder. He “will
make a 1,000-pound horse at maturity. I
invite tha inspection of critical farmers ana
horsemen to come and See this horse. Y
am confident that he will Nil the descr
tion given. He is enrolled under the Can:
adian Stallion Act and his enroliment num-
ber 18 4087, Form I ~

Will travel the following route dur(ng
the season of 1017:

MONDAYS at James Oliver's for noon:
thenee to Wallace Paquoetie’s for night.

TUESDAYS at James Arquette’s, near
Leslie's corners, thence by the Amhersgs
purg Plke fo James Drummond's barn. in
Harrow, where he will remain until Thurs-
day at © am.

THURSDAY noon to CG. F. Knapp's, Cols
chester, and W. C, Cornwall's for night. 8

FRIDAY noon at Pettypldce Bros.!, Con.
cession 8, Anderdon; Friday night at Henry
Holde Saturday to his home barn In
Windsol ‘

TERMS—$15,00 to insure living colt.
In_gaso a mare falls to produca 8 living
colf, she may he returned: and bred (ree
next year or substitute. Parties disposing
oftheir mares will be held for Insurance.
These are the Only Sarma given by me, and"
must. not bo altar in any way by my
agents, without my peérmiss

F. J. SULLIVAN,

“WINDSOR, ont,

1017

Court of Revision,

Farr

 

 

 

Township of Pelee.

   
  
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
    

 

NOTICE (5 hereby given that the nrst
sittings of the Court of Revision on the
Assessment Roll of thie Township of Pelee
year 1017, will be held at the
Hall, Pelee, at 9 a. m., Saturday,
May 26th, 1917, to hear the Appeals against

sald assessment.
WM. STEWART,
3 Clork.
Dated. at- Peles this7th day of May, 1017,
: }

Court of Revision.

       
      
              
         
      
    
    
   
    
      

 

 

     
           
        

Township of Malden. *

 

3 .

NOTICE 18 hereby given that the .Nrst
sifings of the Court of Revision on the
Assessment Roll of the Township of Mal-
den for the year 1917, will be held at the
Town Hall, ~ Malden, at: 9 a.m, Monday,
June 4th, 1817, to hear the appeals against
sald assessment.

     
    
 
  
 
  
 
 
      

 

  
 
 

    
 
 
 

Dated at Malden ‘this: 0th day of A
1017. i J

Court of Revision.

  
 
  
 
  
   
       
     
     

Box G3,

 

    
   

 

Township of Colchester South.
'

NOTICE I8- hereby given shat the Arst
sittings, of the Court of ReVisfon on the
Assessment Roll of the -Towilship of Col-
chester South for the year $917, will be
meld at the Town Hult, Harrow, at 9 am,
Monday, June 4th, 1917, to hear the ap-
peals against said assessment.
J. H. MADILL,
. Clerk.
ad at Harrow this 10th day of 2

Sanitary Notice.

VILLAGE OF HARROW.

All persons permitting the deposit of
manure, refuse or ith upon thelr prem-
18 or In any lamb or street, will be pre-
secuted {I the said deposit (8 not removed
at once.

All slaughter-houses must be 200 yards
from any dwelling house and 70 yards
from any street and must bo Kept clean.

All wells and cisterns must be cleaned
out before July 1st of each 5 ar. This

will ba strictly enforced by the Sani-
Inspector,
No privy vault or cess-pool allowed uns
less water-tight.

Earth closets must be kept supplied
with dry earth or ashes and contents re-
moved weokly.

Every hourehiolder and every hotell and
restaurant keeper or other person shall
A1spose’ of all garbage In a properly cove
ered receptadle, the contents of which
anal be regularly removed twica 8 wook.

No hogs II” be kept except in. pens
with Moors free from standing water and
regularly cleaned and disinfected. Pens.
must be at Jeast 100 feet from any house,
school or church.

The Jroopat of every livery or other
stable shal keep nis stable and stable-
yard cloan and shall not permit moro than
two wagon loads of TANe 10 accumulate
there, and such manure shall at all times
bo kept In a receptacle properly covered
to protect (t from rain, snow or fies.

All meat, fruit and vegetables oxposed
for ‘sale shall be A ey screoned: ana
protected from Niles: and dus |

The Board of Health exp the San
eration of all citizans in making our vill=
agasglean and sanitary,

J. D. COLLINS, NM. D.,

Medical Omcar of Hoalth.

NOTICE

NOTICE Is hereby given that the Council
of the. Corporation of .the Township of
Peles, In the ‘County of Essex, will, at a
meeting of the said Council to be held at
ihe Tow Hall in the said Township of
me Bote a 2.30. 0 lock
noon | ny law for the

 

    
      
     
  

   

         
    

    

  
    
  
     
  
     
     
       
  
     
    
   
   
  
   
     
  
     
 
   
 
 
 
    
  
 
     
   

   

 

 

     
 
 
  
 
    
   
  

  

  
  
 

  
    

    
 
 
 
 
  
  
 

    
  
  
  

 

  
  
  
 

    
   

       
  

 
  

  

  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 

 
 
  

  
 
 

      
 
  

Box 15.
MAJOR and RODERICK
Stallion Routes.

    
 

 
  
 

 
