     

Voters’ Lists Court.

TOWNSHIP OF COLCHESTER 80UTH

 
 
  
     

 

 

NOTICE is hereby given that -a .C
will bo held pursuant to the Ontario Vor
ers’ List Act, by HJ Honor the Judge of
the Coupty Court of fp County of Essex

s bo held ‘at’ the Town Hall, Harrow, an

: Tuesday, October 23rd, 1917

At § o'clock in the afternoon,
determine the. several complaints of errors
and omisstons In the Voters’ Ait for the
Municipality of Colchester South for the
year 1917, i :
A persons. BAving husinzss; at the ©
are required, to Aten at the Hh ure
~ and place.

       
   
   
     
     
         
   

 

10 hear and

creme oF Th MADILL,
Clerk of afd Muni -
Dated this 11th day of October 1815 ="

 

TENDERS FOR DRAIN

SEALED TENDERS raarked “Tende
Drain” will be reneived Hr TongarseIor

Salurday, October 20th. 1917

At 4 a'elock P. 'M., for the work of im-
proving the“ Collinson Drain’ in the Town-
ship of Malden, according 16 plans and
proving the Collinson m m m m
Apeécifications tha tmasy be seen at By iL]
of the Township Clerk. #04 Sh ae

thereon

formed

The lowest or any tender not necessarily
accepied, 3

Address all tenders to—
HOWARD GIBD,

Township Clerk
North Mal

  

   
 

 

   

 

 

 

— jan ny Fi For damages For farm ¥
or part Name of owner: to lands neeess |
Con, of lot 2 on fissessd own pr crops. : bridge.
d 7. NE WE . Nochelgay ir Bb
7 k Mrs, R. Parks. . . i 00 {0 00
7 Temperance: Hall 70 40 00
TN J. G, Parks. ... 8 10 10 00
: 7 School Seotion 3 10 10 00
’ : t :
COUNT TR vf R. E. Countess 7 80 i0 0D
/ Y EASURER S 7 Charles Batley S 00
7 Wim H. Waters 11 50
f 74 Ed. Burns , i 00 in 00 |
7 Thomas Mar! 7 90 45 00
7 Albert Pillon 8 00 45 00
V Du . fr J 3 Jie i, Cidare 7 rf {5 00
a y pesey,” N am PHNON. vy ax vn v oie slewing 770
A Qounty oF Essex, - 8 Wii-6 9 De Pat pet ee 1 00
By virtue of a warrant under the hand NESTE R ee ry
h v y . TaR Amounting to., .......» . el 80 00 88 480 00
of the Warden of the County or Essex, and Which amounts 1 have provided for in my estimates of tho cost of the work, as
is sod} or Ya 2aiy aunty, J INE ante | required by tho Drainage Act above referred to.
PVE BR My ewtinate. of the cost of the work. including the removal and: replacing of
1 and; ise | 1€0CES In detail 5 as follows: —
Hoon the lands fn Said Satrant described Excavation from stake © fo stake 42, a distance of 4,200 foot... ....... 2 200 35
together with all A inenrred 3 Excavatiom from stake 42 to stake 84, a distance of 00 fo0t, voy ves » i064 35
5 2 , ; od. dod by | EXCAVAtION rom stake Si to stake 107, a djstance of : 145 30
eroby give notice as provided by . i" er
ed Sub-Sec. 3 Sec. 140, Chap. hos, n.8.0., AIOUNnUNE 10 COP  QXCAVAHONAR 5's ov ois c vivinin vanan sou oairien 8 970 00 .
. 1014, that the said, 1st of lands for sale | New highway bridge, concrete... a 300 00 tion.
, for arrears of taxes has heen prepared | Allowance for access bridges Tha 380 00
¥ and that coples thereof may be had In this | Allowarn Tor damages to lands and 80 00
office, and that the list Is being published | Removing and replacing fences... ..... 100-00
3 in thé Ontario Gazette on Saturday, the - 860 00
3 15th, 29nd and 20th days of Eeptember, | Survey. plans, Taport, specifications r 47 00
and the 6th day of October, 1017. Asslstamen [n survey a CXDONSes 18 50
I further hereby give notice that pur- | Publistiing and registering Dy 27 bo
suant tothe Assessment Act, N.5.0., 1914, | Court aif Revision... ....... 18 00 r A —
1 shall on Mond: the 17th day of Decem- | Clerk's fees i i I 25 00
herd, 1047, at the hour of 10 o'clock In| Letting and Superintending. . o.oo vines es one ops 75 00
i the forenoon at the Council Charber in the — a sh 200 00
H Court House in the Town of Sandwich in er LL
AAR A IR Ol a les alate + sieinln nts ninisinlu sie viziain 8 2039 00

public auction so much of the sald lands

| the County of Essex, ppocted to sell by
as may be necessary for the

payment of

i : thio sald arrears and charges thereon, un- Or the cost of the highway bridge In conn on with this work I have (n my
r legs such arrears: and charges have been | assessmo charged soventy-five per cent. to the municipality of Malden in’ general
“J fobnor. paids ° and twoent! her oonts on the drainage’ area.
©. WaNN F. MILLEN, 1 beg Further to. submit 10 your Hc able Body that this drain be kept up and
County Treasurer. | maintained Jin at the onse of the lands and roads assessed for Its construe- |

County Treasurer's Omes.
Dated at Sandwich this 10th day of Sep-
tember, 1017.

 

~~ BRANTFORD. RODFN

ANS ‘

 

1 Cheaper Than Shingles i]
—_— |

“a C : GET FIGURES!

 

" PELEE. ISLAND ROUTE

    

 

EE

A By-Law toprovide for ‘dral
kaw ton rainage work In the Township of Malden, in the Saunty of

sand anu Thi
Prov)
Whe
Sofica by
they ditch on ‘18 8th Concession Road {8 out 0 A landh
and Tequinng he t of repair and causing damage to his lands,
provisions of !

proposed to
Anas and reds lable 10 assessment under The Mune!
procured pins, specifications and e
sald Alexanager 3

Ire henwitited by
ton there
Injuring pability whieh, In his opinion, will be
Such drapes work by every road or log
male balk Lhe ussesstaent
upon the roads and lots, or parts of lots, heroipalter fr
and deseribed, and the report of the sald Alexander Daird, C
sald drainage work being as follows:

To the Reeve and Councillors of the Township of

Gentlenyen,—Under Instructions received from your Honorable Body 1 have made
A survey wilh the object of Improving, under the Municipal Dramage Act, the road
ditch along he \West side of the 8th Concession Road of your Township, from a point
200 feet South of the line between lots 83 and 84 in the 7th concession North to the
Pike Road, thence East to Long Marsh Drain, and beg 10 submit the following report

I Mma that the improvement of this road diteh Is mueh required in order to give
proper and efficient drainage to the
that are dependent upon It for thelr drainage.

I submit herewith
comigend be carried out
roads that will be
other data 1
cations which a

I furilipr recommend that the road fence along the West side of the portion of the
concesslon road and that south of Pike Road where tho drain ‘Is located be removed
and the sarth excavated from the drain deposited on the land west of the drain along
the copeession road and south on the Pike Road and thers spread and levelled to the
width shown and as specified by the spocificatio

In connection with the
Where (§ crosses the travelled portion of the Middle Side Road, to paid a new hjgh-
way bridge,
cordance wilh the plan of ‘nighway bridge accompanying this report and in compliance
with the atts
by The Mun

For darpages 10 lands and crops
wark will re
entitled thersto as follows

  
   

 

This sum | assess against the ands and roads that should contribute towards
the work ms set out in the annexed schedule of a

tion -and in
until othepw)

And whermas the sald Council are of opliffon that the drainage ortho ares
1s desirable;
Therefora
the Provisions of the Municipal Drainage Act, enacts as follows:
st.

adopted, and tihe drainage work as therein Indicated and set forth shall"be made ana
constructed in; ‘accordance therewith.

Corporation Of
ning Dollars, Ineing the funds necessary for tho work
and may Issue: Debentur
Firty Dollars ouch, and p.
with Interest ait the rate of six per centum p
nual nstalmenits of principal’ and Interest, such Debentures to be payablo at the Troas-
urer'a office amd 10

and roads for
und roads

trolled by tho
of & per-cenl
rates, shall be
time as other taxes are levied and colleeted) upon and Trom the undermentioned lots
and parts of 101s and roads, and the amolint of the sald total special rates and Anteroest
arainst each 10t Gppart of lot respectively shall be divided into seven equal parts, and
one such part shiajl’ be assessed, levied and collected as aforesaid, (n each year,
snvan years afw
nave’ to run.

 

 

a —————————

BY-LAW No. -

for borrowing on the credit of I 0.
riy-nine Dollars for a Of ks Mu Boal TY 8 AU GL TW

Wily adopted the 90th day of September, 1917:
the Municipal Council of the Toon of Malden has been served with a
Chiles A. Bailey, owner of the N E 3 of lot 82 in the sald township that

counell to repair and improve the sald drain. or- ditch under the
ie Munjeipal Drainage Act. 3

eas, thereupon the sald Council bas procured an examination to be made
Baird, Deing a person competent for sich purpose, of the sald area
je drained, and the means suggested for the drainage thereof, and of other
Drainage Act, and has also
drainhge work to be made by the
made ‘by him of the lands and roads
lands and roads liable fon contrila-
© can the proportion of benefit, outlet lability ana
arived or Incurred In consequence of.
or portion of lot, the sald assessment so
cirafter by this by-law enacted to bo assessed and levied
that behalf speciany set forin
, In rospect and of the

timates of th
and an assessmont to

W alnage work, and of olny
aling as nearly as

Baird, C.

 

     
   
 
        
    
 
 
 
 
   
   
   
  
  

Loamington, 23rd August, 1017.
Maldon —

 

lands and roads In (ts vicinity and along 11s course !

a plan, profic and specifications which shows the. work 1 re-

The plan shows the location and course of the drain and
affected by: the work. The profile gives the dimensions, grades and
mmend the wark be carried out in compliance with, and the specifi-
attached hereto directs the manner (n which the work [5 to be per-

 

 

rec

       
  
 
  
   
   

 

 

work It will be rn asary for crossing over the drain,

which 1 recommend be constructed of cement concrete and steel In ac-

Three
fine

   
       
     
          
             
 
   
       
   
       
     
   
     
         
       

 

ched specineations relating thereto, for which I have provided, as roquired v
pal Drainage Act, In my estimate of the cost of the work. id

 

(Ir any) and for farm access bridges that the
der necessary, 1 estimate the amounts 10 be pald to the gwners. of lands

 

 

  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 

 
  

   

       
      

 

    
 
 
  
 
  
    

    
      
  
  
  
    
  
  
 
 

  

Sent.

 

  
    

         

ative proportions assessed In the attached schedule of assessment

leasure, for the?
ighters abroad
and workers at

The name of the famous
Chewing Gum that has
worn its way everywhere.

aHealth-help all in one. Itbenefits
teeth, breath, appetite and diges-
It stcadies stomach and
nerves. It is ever-ready refresh-
ment when you're fagged.

Made in Canada
Sealed Tighi—Kept Right

The Flavour Lasts

 

   

nined and reported upon,
honor to be, geéntlemery,
Your obedient servant,

 

  
  
 
    
    
       
       
   
   

   
     
   
  

   
 
  
 
    
  
  
 
  
      

   
  
    
 
     
   
  
     
  
 
  
 
 
   

 

          
  
   

 

  

 

 
     
   
    
   

 

ALEX. BAIRD, C

 

E., E

 

  

 

described

 

the said Munileipal Council of the sald Township of Malden, pursuant to

ho: sald report, plans, specifications, assessments and estimates are hereby

Thin Reeve of the sald Township of Malden may borrow on the credit of the
the sald Township of Malden the sum of Twa. Thousand and Thirty -
not “othenwlise provided for
iT tho rporation to that amount In swung of not less than
blo within seven years from the date of the sald Debentures,
r.anpurm, that 18 10 Sky In seven equal an-

   
 

 

nave attached to them Coupons for the payment of interest, (
ing the sum of $4,216.00, the amount charged against tho sald lands
heniellt, and the smn of $502.00, the amount charged against tho sald: lands
ffor outlet lability, apart from-lmds and’ roads belonging 10 or con.
Municipality, and for covering dnterest tl on for 7 years at the rate
per annum, the following total special rates, over and above all other
assessed, Jovied ang, collected: (In the same manner and at the same

Fon

   

 

  

 

for
rane final passing of this by-laly, during which the sald Debentures

 

A

   

 

 

 

 

 

 

      

      
    

 

William Sellars. Wl 04 $1507 .
Alva Larabio 3s , the counter-attack. _ Lifébuoy to the front! Its
A AE FN) rich, ‘creamy lather for skin, shampoo and bath—
Kd. Barnx .. 10305, 2480 or for socks, shirts, handkerchiefs, etc., makes
Thomas Martin 10 00 25 % «4 » » » 9 .
STEAMER Louis Coil 50 18 short work of “the enemy. .
$6sTPEL 99 NOAA nl -
ochele =~
os gal Rebecen parks 15 00 53.8 N 5 | i HEALTH
os ig Lire
pd . KE. Coun Lidl i :
SUMMER TIME TABLE, 1917 Bites i He a El J SOAP
q m. 5 ate + i + i= - 2 d y / . a.
CEASTERN STANDARD TINE John Waters x 27 607 is more than soap, finest of all soaps though it is.
MONDAY, TUESDAY and SATURDAY A Ed. Burns. wo Ho ap 7 Lifebuoy has splendid antisepti
Leaves West Dock....... conn «390 AN . Thomas Martin i800 5 0 : i 1m i Ys 1 Sp al ptic
{amington” 000 AM 30 Sek Codnrsite 000 8h Et and germicidal power as well—its
Arrives Leamiagion « [9.45 AN © 35 Ihnen PlTIon eee 80 00 AE Wn sw mission is to clean and purify.
Leaves Kingsville a os aT : -+ 10 F. Grondin te oon? over = Send your soldier a package of
Arrives ioe 1 LEER Tot on or A edible Lolli go Lifebuoy. . He'll appreciate it.
eal .e A TRE oti Dratlet™.. .. pagina prams. of E 2 A i 52
WEDNESOAY. WINDSOR TRIE, Munfelballly’ of Maiden (oF hare Ra a At all grocers
grr re onanie nds i ol i ridges cme REN 22 ran of wy _ NR p
LOAVES odor sv odovere AAO RM | po agaud ange: of Municipality. 08 0 mse x3 LEVER BROTHERS LIMITED
Arsives Winasor (ikiries:h Boek) 1.45 PAL Total W000 Ce AED 00 3521 IGS 46 83H TN
ue indsor (Hurley's Dock)7.00 A.M. ba a if 84D ho afount ossessed against thin sald roads
Leaves Nmhersiourg Lo. Tina AN] ana is OF ata Mami Ipulity, and or ing interest INercgll for sever: years at tho
Arrives West Dock (Pelee) . . id Main | rate of Six fer contum per annum, a special rate on the dallar, sumelent to produce

jes West Dock for Scudder an
Lea hore, 12.00 (noon).
“a FRIDAY
¥ ves Kingsville ......
Logie Leamington
: 8 Seudder ... 0 .
west Dock Jdoam

Arrives SAMY oF pelgs and Main SPO

7 Tie ane Table subject to change with- |

        
     
 

  
  

 

 

 

 

out notice, v reserves the right to | In thi

refuse This dmpany refers porsons. 104%,
gr [2 Not: responsible es goods not LH

: erly sadressell A Ho Nieations to Windsor
ats anit Peles Island Stoamanip Co., Limited, | Or any pi
a — a Seuddor P. 0, OnSRIO. 0 pine?

l 3. N. SEATS er. purser.

ee

Ri

    
  
 
 
 
 

~ SYFETY FST

ith our Light- |

Equip you buildings w gh oop Light,
ping Conductors, a a
es Government

 
 

eats como | 10 1
8! to for
“Efghth Cojjeession,Rond Drain By-Law.’

   
     
   
 
   
  
 

the require
bri ot hu d from {
a” i pach. Gm Tor seven years, after the flpal passing of this by-law, during wnicn
the sad Debentir .

th. This By-Lew shall l
This Amborstburg Echo now

Notlve 15 hereby

Township
t 2.00 o'¢lock In tlic arternoo
be mado under, he foregoing by-law
In the Sa Dy ee 15 hereby given that anyone (niending fo appeal 10 havo we by-law,
art thereof,

writing
Worst, serve notice, Ib wr) Tar t Furposs 10 the Referéo during the Six ‘weoks

  
  
 
  
 

next after ibe final passing of sald by-

tender sentiment that it can only: s
'Yqu are constantly taking advantage
of expressing

your order for Flowers with a reliable Florist.

i ex cuted by ul

-

   

IC] bas /
Sig 23
- ie a iE%
[2 2, Nr Eg
Nanie of Owners | 53 & = RE
i =o SH =8 2228
=a na <=. E595
2 Fe 28’ z22a>
2 82 w= «BG.

   

   

    

 

 

  
  

  

 

  

 

   

 

    

 

   

 

   
       
   

  
 

  
 
   
 
  
      
  
  

 

 

shall, over and above all other rates, be lovied |°
the sama time as other taxes aro levied (and
of A >

amount. thagefor

annem, and
I whole rateable property In the said Townshi

year)
(In the

    
  

ed have 1 y published once in every week for four consecutive

ublistied fn the Town of Amheritbiirg, ana
ual passing thereof, and may be cited as the

ph : Bo n 1d at tho Town Hall
Court of Revision wi old at tho wn
Ha Ri - Saturday, the 20th dsy of October, A. D,
, 10 hear and consider any complains which may
or any other complaint in respect of any matter
“council has jurisdiction.

    
  

upon and after

    

of 7 Malden,

0 salt

   

muss, ‘not Inter than ten days ‘after Ano Anal passing.

quashed the Clerk and Reaye of the Municipality of his

AW,

  
  

HOWAR

- GIB
the sal

Municipality.

HOw often there is occasionito send a message of such

e expressed in Flowers.
of this mean ‘
your love, gratitude, esteem or friendship.
lize that it is to your advantage to.place

# Clerk of

    
 
 
   
    
     
    
  
  
 
  

ig

   
 

 
  
  
 

Do you rea

le FLORAL OFFERING

son Ala eT

uarantee that the si
iy uawill be wore

 

  

Lifebuoy for the ‘Counter

All day long he's been standing the attacks of
dirt, dust, grime, germs and microbes.

or All Preserving

 

    
    
      
   
  
    
        
 
    
      
       
       
     
 
        
     
               
   
    
       
      
   
 

-attack ”

Now for

 

   

Lantic pure Cane Sugar is best

   
 
 
 
  
    
   
  

A

for pres

puri
=

* Lantic Library of
free for Red Ball
«cut from Carton or Sack.

erying because of its
ss
fine” granulation.

2 and 5-1b. Cartons

10, 20 and 100-1h. Sacks
Cook Books,
Trade-mark:

TLANTIC SUGAR REFINERIES’

’

 

 

 

 

 

 

 
  
  
      
   
   
   
    
    
 

sweetening power”

mr 7 emt

 

Gosfleld South Counefl. ’
‘Saturday, September 28th.

 

Council met in regular session at 2
p.m., all members belng present.

The minutes of last medting of
council weie read and, on motion,
adopted.

The report of the engineer on the
West Townline drain was read.

Mr. Hawkins, owner of the north
half of lots 1 and 2 In the 6th conces-
, sion, nddressed thé council in regard
| to same and sald he did not think it
sufficient in width to carry off the
water coming into sald drain. After
hearing from others in regard to the
same, it was moved by J. Scratch, sec-
onded by B. Wigle, that Mr. Dalton
and the Clerk lay the matter before
the engineer na to matter of widening
and deepening same.—Carried.

The engineer's amended report on
the drain on the 3rd concession was
also read bibfore the ratepayers pres-
ent and the reeve sald any who wish-
ed to withdraw or sign the petition
| had the privilege to do so. It was
found in examining seme that there
was not a majority as required of
those to be benefitted on said peti:
tion.

J, Loebach complained of the earth
being spread on his land from the
drain running through lots 1 to 6, in-
clusive, in 4th concession.

Moved by Mr. Dalton, seconded by
B. Wigle,«that Mr. Loebach be allow-
ed $12 for sanre.—Carrled.

An application from Miss Reta Bab-
coék was read, asking for a grant for
the School Fair to be held at school
grounds, S. S. No. 9. /

An account was presented from Dr.
Barrett, of Detroit, for professional
services on Reuben Settles, nmount-
ing to $76, which, on motion, was
passed.

A communication from the superin-
tendent of Good Roads ' was read.—:
Clerk to answer same.

By-law No, 250, confirming the ap-
pointment of a collector of taxes, was
read the necessary number of ‘times
and passed.

By-law No. 25), authorizing the reeve
and treasurer to raise a sufficient am-
ount of funds until taxes are collegt-
ed, wns read the necessary times and
passed. 4

Drainagé by-law No. 100 was read
the second and third times and finally
passed.

On motion, the following accounts
were passed: $1.87, Wm. Plerce, work
on ronds ; $1.88, Wm, Plerce, work on
N. T. L.; $2.50, Home Augustine, grav-
clling reads; $2.60, H. Augustine, work
N, T. L.; $13.85, Byron Wigle,, gravel
ine 2nd con.; $13.87, A. Lockwood, grav-
el on 2nd con.; $2170, Ecrl Getty,
gravel on 2nd con; $28.50, CHharles
Getty, gravel 2nd on; $62, Sol. Shaw,
gravel T. R.; $50, E. McCoombs, work
T.~D. 95; $7, Oliver Malo‘t, tile and
material for drain; $82, Geo. Coghill,
work at Cedar Creek C, Staddon,
work on roads; $70, C. Gillett, gravel
IN. T. L.; $100, T. Knight, gravelling
ronds; $i 0, J. A. Adams, work N.
T. L.; $56.70. N. Peterson, work on
roads; $3, J. Esseltine, cutting hedge;
$4, A. Lockwood, work on rods; $13,
A. Pearce, work on-roads; $2, J, Brun-
or, cutting weeds, N. T. L.; $25, W.
J. Dalton, sheep killed.

Council adjourned.

 

 

  

 

 

    

CANADIAN NEWS.

Accordine to the annunl reportsof
the Inspector of prisons of Ontario,
for the vear ended October 31st, 1916;
which has been issued recently, there
were 16,10C persons committed to
gaols and lockups, and of these 1,998
could neither read nor write. * This
means that one-eighth of «ll inmates
had absolutely no education. A rather
serious state of affairs. a

Announcement hns just beén made
that ‘T. B. Macaulny, of Montreal,
president of the Sun Life” Assurance
Company of Canadn, has accepted
Mr. Hanna's invitation to become Do
minion’ Chairman of the National Com-
mittee on Food Resources. Mr. Mac.
anlay will take charge of the Provin:
cial Committees- and will work, out
with them various matters of organ:
ization and policy.

Gordon, the '5-year-old’ son of Law-
rence Sturtevant, of com 11, Chatham
township, was ipstantly killed at his
home Monday, when a gun swhicth he
had taken from its hiding place, un-
known to his * parents, discharged
when he fell backwards down some
steps.’ The bullet, struck him in ‘the
chin and passed’ into the brain. The
little. fellow while playing about up-
stairs, found the gun, which is a
single:barrelled © weapon, and was
kept In a closet. He also discovered
a cartridge and put it in. About this
time his brother James started up-
stafrs, and seeing him holding the
gun called to him to put {t*down.
Chfldlike, he refused, and stepping
back fell down some steps.. The gun
struck a step “and ‘discharged. Cor-
oner Bray, after Investigating, decided
that the affair was purely accidental
and that an inquest was unnecessary.

By a majority of 3,200 the city of
Quebec has determined to abolish the
bars and ‘make a trinl of prohibition:
It may not be. gefierally known that
by means of the local option system
more than two-thirds of the Province
is nlrendy dry. The clergy have given

 

+ | themselves heartily to the prohibition

movement and to their ardor and en-
| ergy muelt of the success that has
been attained Is due.

ATH TE

2 J
MALDEN METHODIST CHURCH.

 

 

I= "Summary of Statement..

| TOTAL AMOUNT RAISED.

Envelopes nnd subscriptions § © 679 00
Ladfes’ Afd ........0...0000 0 AT9 00
Epworth League
Missionary
Sunday School .o.........00
Women's Minslonary Society
Conference Funds .

-| Collections ...............
Bible Classes Senge

?

 

 
 
  
    

 

   

rman

     
     

 

  

     
  
     
 
  
  
  

   
 
 
 
 

 

RECEIPTS.
and. subscriptiong$ EH
- o £

toy

   
 

170 00
129 00
89 00
75 00

 

$1777 00

00)
00, 00.

        
    
  

  

   

   
 
  
 
   

regained health :—

Frankfort, Ky.—*1 suffered so much
with female Vealnons that I could
0 my

  
 

   
  
 

 
  
 

I heard so much
about Lydia E. Pink-
ham’s Vegetable
Compound that I
tried it. 1 took three
bottles and I found
it to be all you
claim. Now Ifeelas
well as ever didand
am able to do all
own work tres |
recommend it to any woman suffering
from female weakness. You may pub-
lish my letterif you wish. '*— Mrs. JAMES
CoNLEY, 516 St. Clair St., Frankfort, Ky.
No woman suffering from any form of
female troubles should-lose hope until
she has given Lydia E. Pinkham’s Veg-
etable Compound a fair trial. “
This famous remedy, the medicinal
ingredients of which are derived from
native roots and herbs, has for f. 5
years proved to be a most valuable toni ,
and invigorator of the female organism.
All women are invited to write
to the Lydia E. Pinkham Medl-
cine Co., Lynn, Mass., for 3
advice,—it will be confident 2S

   
  
  
 
 

   
  
  
 
 

  
  
 
  
 
 

  
 
  
 

 

    
  
 
 
 
 

   
   
 
 
 

  

  
 
 

 
 

    

 

 

 

GOSFIELD SOUTH. °

 

Trinity. i
Miss Elsie Dalton has returned to
her home here from a visit with rel-
atlves. fn Kitchener.—Joseph Keyes,
of Ford City, spent Sunday at Byron .
Staddon's.—Miss Alma Oxley and Ed-
dle Riggs, of Windsor, spent Thanks-
giving with their grandfather, John
Grainger.—Henry Hicks, of Windsor,
visited fora few, days with relatives
here ~—>Miss Telllah Wright, who has
been visiting relatives here for the.
past two weeks, has returned to her
home in Colchester. South.—The Mis-
sion Circle met at 2.30 p.m. on Thi "
day, October 11th, at he homo of M
Yerda Harrls.—Miss Eliza Drak >
spent Friday of last week at her home
heré&:—Mrs. Mary Wigle, Mr. and Mrs. &
Wm. H@nderson and Miss Gladys. Iler
spent Sunday eyening at Ellis Lar-
amle's, Qolehester South.—A/ number

:
from here "attended the Leamington 4
fair, last week.—Miss Mildred Stad= {
don is visiting with relatives in Ford

   
  
   
     
       
  
 
 
    
 
    
  
   
 
   
 
   
     
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
    
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
  
  
  
  
  
    
  
    
    
 

City.~—Mrs. Leroy Allen and daughter
Marjorie, spent Sunday with relatives
in _Kingsville.—The Co-operative Sup-
ply Co. met on Monday eveningy Octo-
ber 8th, In the basement of the church
here.—Harvest Home “services wii
held here on Sunday lasf. Services | =
2.30 p.m. and 7.30 pm, were lveafs ©
of the new pastor, Rev. dark
Crensy.—Miss Verda Harris is Spr
lug a few days with Mrs, Orian fle;
A’ free entertal.ment was given fn ©
i here on Moaday evinmg i
10 nuspiceszof he \lling Wor. -
Ae aréhestra was In attendances
wnd: Mra. \ velfaa Grail
Wore wor, spent Sia
loro

 

chu
do=

 

la

r. of
J Wha relatives =.

   

 

—A legal notice tint canned’ goods
are not to be sold, and signed by the =
Clerk of the Privy Council, appears in"
the papers operated by Conservatives
at so much per-line. Is this an order
from the Food Controller to help out
the friends of his party? When the
Food Controller- wants to inform the
public how to save food, he sends out
typewritten sheets to all the news. -
papers’ soliciting free publicity. If
the Government can pay its friends for:
publicity of this mature why not play
folr with all newspapers?
money Is being spent nowadays
we nat all contributors to the
treasuby?
fish

Whose
Are
lic
Then why flesh of one and

[ another.—Port Elgin Times.

——ee eS

 

» Tid

—According to the reports from the.
rabbits may help to solve the high.
there is an unusual number of col 2
tails this year. The presence ofythe
rabbits may held to solve the higlr
cost of living this winter, for the bars
have been let down and hunters in th
commercial sense, will soon be aiding:
in reducing the meat bill. in city and
town. : ~

 

———

URGES LIGHT CLOTHES. =.

 

Wear "light porous clothes, says
bulletin of the Ontario Safety League
Just Issued. Going further it says:
“The skin should be kept clean and
warm and should have afr. Clothes
should not he tight, Always wear
parous clothes, that |s, so -l
woven that you can blow air thro
it. Do not wear your hat tgh
‘cuts off the blood from the skin of
the head and ‘makes you bald, A
soft hat is the best. Do not wear
tight shoes or high heels. Thal
The Saskatchewan Advisory Couns
cil nskd the Food Controller fo oxer-
cise his powers to prevent discrimin:
ation against co-operative wholes
and retailers. Fn
. That Canadian: pay $1;451,620
for butter in a year than If the
weret taken off American buf
the statement of Mr. Fortier, hin
a maker. He says the pric
‘high because Canndian deal
it on high prices in the Uni
and add the duty. a

       
    
    
 
  

  

    
   
     
    
  

 
 

   
    
   
 
  

 

  

 
 

      
