    

 
 
 
   

     

"QUEBEC'S AID |

  

) Stands Voluptarylsm, But Insists Cottam.
: “ i iy rvice, Geo, T. Gammon has sold hip 100-
= acre farm inthe 10th concession to

       
     
 
  
   
  

  
    
 
     
   
   
  

Sir Wilfrid Laosier opened his com- | Frank McCloskey, possession to be
palgn in the ancient city of Quebec on | given the firat of January. Mr. Gam-
| Priflay. Ho spoke to One of the 1arg- | mon puiposes Moving to Essex or
est and moat intensely enthusiastic | Windsor. Mr, McCloskey has sold his
“lof gatherings, Pit it was not a cam: Go.acro farm to Wm. Trimble.—The
paign speech. \ was an appeal and |gppeal of Mrs. A. M. Bunter against
6 messsge, 18 firat words the [the report of the engineer in the J. J.
Vetaran Opposition leader brushed | Maycock D. & W. Award drain was
i aside mere political problems. * The | heard by Judge Dromgole at the town |.

NOONAN . great and dor)ipating question, theljal on Monday, The Judge amended
: " one question,” b@ declared, * tho prob- ge award by changing the course of
lem of the irosecution of the war. [the drain from the centre of Mr. May-
Every. other isslie 18 swallowed up In |cock’s property to the line between
this.” the properties of Mr. Maycock and
In short, {piling sentences, Sic Wil- | Mrs. Hunter, the cobts to bo assessed
£rid defined hi# position in regard to|pro rata on the lots assessed accord-
conscription, H® stood for voluntary |ing to thelr assessment.—Joseph P.
service. . As he made his declaration | phillips received a message from the
the: vat throng went wild with ac-| Militia Department at Ottawa on Mon-
claim. For moments the picturesque | day to the effect that his son, Pte.
figure waited for the cheering to spend | Wray Prillips, No. 1009485, Infantry,
{tsalf. Then cime his appeal. With | was officially reported admitted to tha
dramatic force ond fire, amid the|4th Geperal Hospital at Camieres,
tense silence, sill the more impressive | France, October 29th, gunshot wound
by redson of the immediately proceed: | multiple. Pte. Phillips enlisted at
ing roars of @pplause, Sir WIIrld | Rouleau, Sask, last fall, nnd went

           
  
 
  
    
    
 
   
  
 

 

 

   
  
   

   
   
  
   

 
 
  
 
 
  
 
   
  

  
    
 
   
   
  
 
   
  
 
 
   

When Ambassador Gerard left Berlin, the
@ only correspondent who traveled with him,
and the last American Newspaper man to
leave Berlin, was Carl Ackerman of the .
United Press Service.

  
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
    
     
   
    
   
 
   
 
  
   
  
   
  
   
 
  
   
  
   
   

    
     
   
   
  

The Kind You Have Always Bought, and whic n
: : hich
\ : in use for over over 30 years, et aul, the hip v3

b ; and has béen made under his pers
4 TA sonal supervision since its .
: Allow no one to deceive

   

  
    
   
  

    
  
    
    
   

 

 

A in
All Counterfeits, Imitations and “ Just-as-| I ar but
Experiments that trifle with and EE health of

t f Infants ih at is A¢ a O i ents

: “What is CASTORIA

3 Castoria harm] Casto] Paregoric,
| 2 Drops oF ey mie a contains

   

 

   
  
 
  

Mr. Ackerman’s dispatches appear exclu-
sively in The Toronto “Daily Star.”

   
  
   
   
    
      
    
   
   

    
  
    
    

   

   
    
    
  
 
  
  
  
  
 

   
 

About once a month we “Scoop” every other
paper in the Province with the aid of Mr.
Ackerman and other United Press corre-

 

    
  
 
  
  
   

 
  
 
   
 
  
   
  
 
   
  

 
    
  
 

    

 

| neither Opium, Morphine nor other narcotic substance. Its spoke to his corupatriots, men and Wo-| overseas last spring, going to France d
1 | age 3 its guarantee. For more than thirty years it has men, in seriols BIN satnsel salicitas about & month ago. Wray had been spondents. :
i ; been in constant use for the reli 3 tion. The people heard him in silence. | living in the west for the past few pL
relief of Constipation, Flatulency, Why In This War? years. His brother Bike (3 at Dau- The only Canadian Woman Correspondent :
4

      
   
  

phin, Man. and his oister Lela F., is

“I stand for voluntary service,” he
at ‘Avonlea, Sask.

i © Wind Colic and-Diarrhoea; allaying Feverlshness. arising
reiterated, “but ‘1 stand for service.”

, and by regulating the Stomach and Bowels, aids in the War Zone—M iss Rosamond Boult-

A . .
mbassador Gerard hoe sends us dispatches exclusively. Flarence. Boyitisce

           
        
  
    
 
   
  
   
         
  
  
  
  
  
   
   

 

 

 
  

     
    
 
      
 
   
  
   
  
  

   
  
  
  
  
  
  
   

the assimilation of Food; giving healthy and natural sleep, He appealed t0 his compatriots = to ey
id : The Children’s. Panacea—The Mother's Friend. prove that his position was right by res WRG ;
herole deeds, mot. by eulogistl, cheers. GOSFIELD SOUTH. In London the veteran War Correspondent :
y, he asked, oo . — 5 ; } . =
war? Why.,was the United States now Ruthven. &@ Mr. F. A. McKenzie, assisted by The Star's 2% Na

    
 
   

William Clifford, of Union, has brok- own Staff, cables the big news of cach day.

in this war, which he predicted that
en all records for having the most

country woulld be twelve months ago

cenuine CASTORIA ALWAYS

    
 
 

    
  
     
       

LN

od Bears the Signature of when he 8
: poke at Montreal, appealing | valuable loed of tobacco shipped here. .
8 when fio spoke at Montreal, appetli valuable losd of oF OL EE him Thomas Geggie, late Sergt.-Major K.O.
4 invasion, 1but he did fear, with a great | cocok for over $1,600.—Juson Malott S.B., writes regularly upon Imperial and

  
 

fear, the world domination of a pOWer | has just completed his second large
which violated every human and DI [glo on his place here and both are
vine law. now filled to the roof with chopped
tHorros of Hun Deeds. corn and fodder~—Laster Malott has

uyou may think I exanggeratd the lj gang of men with’ their chopping
menace,” he exclaimed. “Listen till | machines busy filling the large silo
I tell yow of the outrages of these |wiicu he recently erected. —Angus
Hun barbmrians.” McCharles - will soon have his new
In graplidc and dramatic words the | hot house vompleted. It will be one
veteran statesman told of the German | cy the most up-to-date in this district.
atrocities {im Belgium and France, —Burwell Malott is the new tax col-
When he described the scene in Lille, | jector and he i8 now around handing
when men und women were torn from [gut his little demands which asks, in
thefr homes: and ‘sent Into German |g very cheery way for the number of
slavery, “a. slavery indescribable for|dollars which are about due to help
the unfortumate women,” there were | put the township rudder gteering In
cries of “Shame!” and several women |the usual straight course.—Andrew
werp weeping. “This,” exclaimed SIr| Coatsworth, who f8 now ‘ wearing
Wilfrid, “4s. the foe Canada is called | khaki and who will soon be doing his
to fight.. My compatriots,” appealed | bjt against the Huns, was giver @
the Liberal leader, “remember again |grand send-off at the home of his par-

Military matters. ®

The big news from the United States comes: to us
through the Chicago Daily News’ special correspon-
dents, as well as their War cable service.

  
   
  

    
  
  
  
  
  
 
  

I 4

Il 1 Use For Over 30 Years

The Kind Yeo ve Always Bought

    
  
  

We also carry the cable service of Windermere of the
“Montreal Daily Star.” :

We maintain our own staff in Ottawa, Montreal,
: Quebec and Winnipeg, and our local News Service is
Carl Ackerman. right up to the minute.

4

    
 
   
    
   
 
   
    
    
    
  
 
 
   
 
   
  
   
   
  
   
   
  
    
 
 
   
  
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
   
  
  
     
   
  
  
  
  
   

u Hav
i ERlapany.

   
    
      
  
 
 
 
  
   

   
  
   
 

    
    
 

  
    
      
    
   
  
    
    
   
   

 
  
 
  
   
  
 
 
  
   

Our special articles are contributed by foremost writers
on each subject. y

   

 

CANADIAN NEWS.

A Chifboman in Aurora saved his
Httle boy when his Inundry burned.
Russians are now finding their way

   
     
 

Our regular news service consists of all Canadian Press,
American Associated Press and Canadian Associated )
Press dispatches.

i FEEDING BRAINS. -

Why'Studious Children Always Crave

    
    

   
   
 

We ilso have exclusive rights to the pictures of the ;

    
 
   
    
    
    

   
  
  
      
   
   
   
  

   
  

gE | Oatmeal back to Vancouver fo large numbers. | ha frmt hours of this war. Everyone |enta on Tuesday evening. Over Ofty
r — There hns been a yary setloys one in this: city was asking with anxiety | of his friends were present and every- y sive DE :
|| Nature gives oats more organic phos rs of diphtheria “at St. Louls,}jr Great: Britain would agatn let Gor body spent an evening long to be re- Londen Daily Mirror, Underwoods, Daily Mail,
horus than to any other grain she grows. . mangy ‘crush or 0 ‘rance. ‘Wha J y » dres Topics Peis Services 28 - : Ho
Aad phosphorus i The brain's main con-| Coke prices for tlio entire United | yw ‘England flor was the question on dT i are nied , iy Ie Toon WE os Comadian Otte
i stimedt, Briss ~an't grow, brains can't | States werd fixed by the Fuel Admin- évery lip. And if Britain had stood | presented to Mr. Coatswortly, who ar Records, Sports, etc, :
istration. asides a general sentiment of regret |made a splendid reply, thanking his In bricf, The “Toronto Daily Star” is onerof the great

   
   
    
    

large number of good friends for
meeting with him and remembering
him- before departing for overseas,
At a late hour the party came to
close, everybody wishing Andrew the
best of duck.—Quite a number of
black squirrels ‘have made thelr ap-
pearance near here this fall." These

broad-gauged newspapers of the World.” By reading
it you will be kept well infosmed”upon every subject
that a good citizen and man of .the World should
know about, :

= Read The “Toronto Daily Star” each dayl You
Windermere. will thoroughly enjoy it, and be glad to acclaim it

ey
Oatsalso contain more lecithin—the nerve Cana
in 2T! nedian munition factories haye
food—than any other grain. "They form our American ‘orders 10 the Calne of 50

catest energy food. J :
That's why growing children, love oat: million dollars. 4
meal. Some instinct within them onlls for G. P. ‘0. Fenwick, formerly Deputy
these elements, and woe to the child who Attornay-General of Alberta, hes been

doesn't get all it wants. killed ct the front.

The right oats for food aro’ the rich, |“ "4 tank and os captured German sub-

plump grains. lo the cholcest oats ere lyn gripe will by permission of the

and! ‘blame would have been current

throughout our country, and egpecial-

ly throughout French Cnnada.”
What Will You Do?

Sir Wilfrid paused, then, coming to
thin front of the platform, he raised
boith hands, appealing, “My. compat-
riots;, men and women,” he cried,

  

     
  

 

     

   
     
  
  
 
 
 
  

           
   
    
     

  
  
   

 

   
   
   
   
   
   
    
  
 

    

 

  

   

       
    
  
   

    

 

  
 
  
  

   

   
      
   
    
  
     
 
 

are but ten pounds to the bushel, In : oo 0 I

ing Quaker Oats these choice gralnsare se. British Government, be DEoupL fo ‘the. war fs still going on. Fonte | are rut seen da this district Be : ;
fected by b2 scparito siftings. i Montreal to participate in the fetory is, I er the heel of Germany, | many Sears; ‘Hunters are tr Tas ; % 8 a :
uaker Oats—just the cream of the cits oan demonstratiou. 18ritain is stil heroically fighting, and | ing.any of them.—Many silos are being po Ortei Tt today. MY PAPER . } sige

buff In this district and almost all of
them are filled to the top with the
best quality of feed for live stock
that has ever been grown here. Fall
wheat never looked better at this time
of the year and all the {ndlcations
show that thousands of bushels will
appear for the next harvest. Huo
dreds of porkers are now being fed
all the corn they’ eqn eat und one
morth will se6 many carloads sent to
the mirkets with a price attached
never heard of before.

“COMBER.

flighting the foe on the soil of old
France. What will we" FrenchsCan-
adians do? I come to speak to you
of Interest th) honds themselves bear, f frankly, Abigale SR Ra
william Ferguson, alias Mcntyre, have Snfidence im m ol riot:
21 yei 1d, of Guelph, was sentenced JAVED ence im my compatriofs.
21 years old, 0 LN hy Man |'With pleasure or pain 1 always spoke
to Windsor yh the language of the truth, I shall*do
eggutl,, N= the same to-day.
courtoon charges of stoatlug bieyclss: “1 believe that our first and pressing
: Grane b BOOT of Railway duty {8 to share in the fight. 1 belleve
3 or De of :
I Deen appointed i that I 4 dup Ie duty totes
hs our a Vv A cove hem
tar of the Canadian Northelin Railway al 3 A
Board; succeeding Senator HL, A. Lyf selves with glory. We must support
’ them with men. We must feed them.

—costs, but onehalf cent per dish. One| phe Canadien banka’ aro arranging
dish ja worth two dishes oo Ee to molte advances to small {nveators
weal Dont aren i oats? ® in Victory bonds up to 90 per ceat. of

Mads in Canada, «fn | thelr subscription, at the same rate

      
   
   
 
  

   
  
 
  
 
   
   
 
    
   
  
   

  
 

   

  

        

 
 
  
  

 

  
   
   
     

TILBURY.

Mré. Annie Bestinire, 27 years old,

 

   

    
 
 

    
    
   
 
 

    
   
    
   
  
    

NG GOODS

 
  
 

   

     
 
  

   

SUNS, TRAPS SPORT ardson, resigned. Ww. pTVES t e 2 5
Osi N MALLAM, Limited | Tho two little sons of Mrs, J000 Eig rg gis At“ meeting of the Indies of Come |alfe of Joseph LEU i Dior
Forbes, Northbrook, Ont, aged five’ naga, I stant rv ioa” "SE | per and vicinity, held at the home of | C06 luraday night at gio >

B ness, I' stand for service. J - windsor, from pneumonia. Besides

TORONTO. Mrs. Hallatt, on Monday evening of
Inst week, a primary chapter of the
Imperial Order, Daugters ot the Bm
pire was organized, Mrs.” Bowlby,
Regent of “Border Chapter, Windsor,
addresséd the meeting, explainiag
very clearly the aims of the Order.
About thirty-two members enrolled i
with Comber Chapter. The following
officers were élected;. Honorary Re- SANDWICH WEST.

gent, Mrs. W.aI. Ainslie; Regent, Mrs. ‘
Hallatt; 1st Vice-Regent, Mrs. Rob- Paul Major, 77 years oH, ‘i native
ertson; 2nd Vice-Regent, Mrs. Wm. of Montreal, dled Friday morning at

Wallace! Secretary, Mra. R. A. Smith; his home on the Malden road, Sand-
“Echoes” Secretary, Miss BE. Couch- wich West, to which he came 45 years
man; BEbucational. Secretary, Miss | ago. He had been fll for the past

Dunlop; Standard Beorer, Miss M. Bus three years, but his denth’ was hasten-
chanan, ed by pneumonin, co] tracted two

Hoarded merchandise and foodstuffs Nous Moo : pis a ary a
to the value of from $3,000,000 to $5.- Pi al; i i i ; 3 Son ;
0,000, owned by or held in the mter- aul, Jr, o- street car conductor;

No pr ade Ee John, of the Waverley hotel, and Pat-
ered” In HoRvon'y * pedien d15cov- 111i; "at home; and ‘three daughters,

agents and reported to the .treas Any, Mrs. Cl t
department at Washington. ’ iGronlléda HRRCRET, 4 2 Mog amy

SEUEN TEIRS fol BA
TORTURE

408 HALLAM “BLDG.

       
    
     
 
       
 
    

and three years, were drowned In _a — pane

A GRAND MEDICINE
FOR LITTLE ONES

Baby's Own . Tablets are a grand
medicine for little ones. They are o
ER A ER Br Sn
controller will issue licenses, fail to cure any of the minor ili8 of
| “In-full ylew of his Wife and daugh-|yjiile ones. Concerning them Mrs
ter, who were on the Yekandah to Wel | james S. Hastey, Gleason, Road N.B.,
come. him, Hugh Archibald, a King | writes: : uy have used Baby's / Own
township farmer, was killed Monday |mapletd and have found “them per:
afternoon. He was driVipg his team octly satisfactory for my little one”
in the gate when they Dacame fright | Tne Tablets are sold by médfcine
ened and ran.awoy. Aréhibald Was | jeglers or by mall at 25 cents a box
thrown out and died almost instantly. | from The Dr. Willlams® Medicing Co,

Three men list their lives Sunday ac
apg! ir  KINGSVILLE..
river at Sarnia, hn Foreman ; :

Sherman. afar; Of Saha. James Don- | ‘Willard Sherman, son’ of Blur
4 ue Sirnin, Whi saved by clinging | Sherman, was‘cranking the milk deliy-
to fie} overturéd tboat until he was |ery auto Monday last, wien the mi-
rescued. Guards at the. Sarnia elec |chone backdired, the crank striking
tric plant tunnel heard Donald's cries.|him on the wrist and breaking 16

tor help. , — - : Austin Ni X
@laon, son-in-Jaw of Richard
1" Hon .T.- 5. Sproule; M.D, member | Jones, recently purchased from Biihu

|

   
 

her husband she is survived by three
children and her father and mother,
Mr. and Mrh, Jullien Thibeault, of
Tilbury. . The funeral wes held Mon-
day marning fo the Roman Qatholic
church and cemetery, Tilbury,

 

   

mining prospectors’ pit. The father
+ BER TE oror Ba goldiee a is lying seriously
ERAL DIKES" wounded in Fragce,
LAGTIOAL Embahmes* Murray Ste The Department of Agriculture 3
“Amheratburg. Day or nl ht co framing regulations for the sale of
’ oleomargarine in Candida and is mak*
ing arrangements for jnspection in
order to prevent freud), As sdonas

 

    
  
  
     
 
   
   
  
  
  
  
  
  

 

     

     
    
    

   

 
   

 

   
    

  
  

      
  

le

   

 

      
     
   
     

     
 

    
   
  
  
      

 

  
  
   
  

       

      
   
      
 
    
  

   

 

 

    
  
  
 
 

 

   
  
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
   
 
  
   

 

  
 
  
  

 

  
     
   
 
    

 
     
 

  
   

    
 

 

     
    
   
    
 
  
 
   
  

 

  

  
    

 

 

PITY THE ROOR BUOY.

 
 

a 0 : ¥ fg SS of the Senate and formerly: Speaker | Scratch, a house. and lot on south
1 rs i , in the House ¢r Cnmmons, pnd head | side of Pearl street east, jus® east of
i ofythe Orange Order in Ontario, died| A. H. Fletcher's home, and has moved

at Markdale Saturday, Dr.;Sproule | into It. »
died of intestinal trouble “yrith which| Harry J.-Cooper has purchased the
he was seizel Friday aight. He had | cornér lot off the James Thomas prop-
heen fairly well since his return from | erty, corner Main :and; Spruce streets
Ottawa at the end of the*gession, Mrs. [and 18 excavating for-a basement. It

A young man who was bern and
reared in an jinland community—a
very Inland ¢ommunity—and who
made good fn Chicago, moved to New
York to live, as so many persons do
who have made good in Chicago,

2 We e” sys ine Saturday Evening Post. H
flothing Helped Him Until Ho Took bought himself a hsndsome home 24

Sproule and o married Gaugises lig intended to com "tha"

: pleté the house this , A

it [Saut Lake City survive. “The, Jate | raj) jt podsfble., The main part of the | = “FRUIT-A-TIVES™ oué or the suburhe’on”tho stiore of
Rs a == | Long Island Sound.

Senator. was born {ii North York on | 3, )din

$ g will‘'be about 28x28, full base- settled A

ge ori I er hs juent Lwogtorey brodic «Jae. Countass dn Sat 1 VINE hin ie oud

| } he contrad A . Rim, 9. £00

| Gomimons and Senate he was the re-| while burning some rbbish at her |. ay had never been near tidewater
efore, :

1 cognized: leader of tiie Orange Order | lio! 1 . ;
in Parliament. He was Grand Master wotlk: ey ae, One Sugrlusy On the night of her arrival at din-

J se oS eo tc i Sad ek nl

  
  

 
   
   
 
  

  

 

 
  
  
   
   
  
 
    

 
   
      
 
  
     
 

 
  

 

   
  
 
   
  
  
    
 
   
   

  

    
 

  
  
 
   

 

 

  
 
  

  

 

 

 
  
 
  

 

- arms wingeto her elothin E

I PELEE ISLAND. fire. HY eister rushed: phi Ay In Lo “What's that ringing sound I hear?

al. - FXudadt td y ee pod was also badly hurned on \ “That's a bell buoy,” he explained,
The fshermen have started to haul ids. Mrs. Cowan, who had “tationed out there in the channel to

give warning of a reef.”

 

   
  
 
 

been A
| 4 ; hying with her sistér in !
! out their nets. The fall has been very | Thomns Bl r St. The old lady lodkeo interested, but

I - nce the di 3

: stormy and hl fouk | forward to an and, ha o death of har hus- enid nothing more. The next night

| Mre. Bailey, who spent last summer |g Si. ™, tor ; \ arora Le ih oe a.

fl on tho island, is here on a short visi. | “whats the matter. mathert™s in|
| in work-' nired the head of the. household

ng a perturbed... ook upon her

sho TR %
ters by in|

  
 
  
 

  
 
    
  
   

  

 
 
