     
  
 
   
  
   
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
  
   

   
   
  
  
   
    
   
 

\

 

   
  
  
 
 
   
   
  
   
     

  
 

. TOWER HOME:

  
   
  
   
  
   
  
  
    
    

Muelcolm Mackenzie liave. arrived In
Halffax on thelr way home to Sarnia
after an absence of er. a year, leay-
fng with the 70th Fittalion in May,
1916, Lieut.-Colond' Towers being in
command of that battalion, and Capt.
Mackenzie the quartermaster. Both
of these officers have been in England
since there arrival there, doing special
duty.
a

SIR WILLIAM MACDONALD DIES.

Our buyer, F.R. Brush, is
taking in Wool at Amherst-
burg every Tuesday, Thurs-
day and Saturday.

Highest Cash Price Paid.
Car Western Oats Now In.

J. CREEN

bed

Pa

i A

: Phone 180

Hoodedrbrb bobbed bbb bobo obob bb

      
 
  
       
 
    
     
   
  

 

Sir William Christopher Macdonald,

Royal

EE a rh Ea

ter three years’ {liness.
William was a multim{llfonaire,

+ Ebb

 

   
  

PELEE ISLAND ROUTE

at night ip a carriage. Nelther tele
phone nor elevator were used by him

ing the hardest man
photograph or Interview. He
never married. It is written of SI

er smoked or “took a chew” in
smoking cigarettes. What led him t

enter the tobacco business nobody ha
ever explained. Macdonald's was th

     
   
  
   
    
      
      
    
     
   
 

STEAMER

s“PRLEE”

TIME TABLE 1017
EASTERN STANDARD TIME.
MONDAY, TUESDAY and SATURDAY

post places, It is told of him that h
closed out th account of one of hi
largest customers who tried to us
that fact with him to secure
donation to preserve

a larg

self descended from a Roman Catholl

 
 
  
 
  
 

Leaves a Dock alee. n sali mn 700 AM family. Sir * Willlait -* received’ hi
Arrives Leamington 00 Knighthood in 1896,

Kingsville
~~

     

     
  
    
  
   
   
    
  
    
    
  
  
  
    
  
   
    
   
  
   
  
  
   
  

 

 

 

  
   

 

Leaves Eingsville
canmipgton
Le Kl 11 FRIDAY 7.00 A.M TILEURY. Pelee Connell Total on aecolnte; oo os 100 62 d J 4th i ly he should notify th
aves KIngseille .......o.osvee od 00 A.) —— Round Marsh Mainuanance. % ondny, June 4th. If itis not supplied to him promptly he should notify the
Leamington ..... ..7.465 AM. | - Miss Albertine Mero, Tilbury, and Saturday, May 26th. | Gporex E. Pegg, War, No. 18, sib i All fulopmspn. 1, givin the ames and dates; The Department will do d
Seidier Dick; Teles: 1220.00 AM: | petor_Gigard, former Ch Court of Revision Fo Mex rar pump and Huts, per egular session. Registrar General, giving la
© ok, Peles. ..s...045 Al » s or RT oB 3 - i A 3
Arrives Sandusky ...... “i145 AM | Windsor ‘Independent semi-profession-| Council met this day as a court of f Non’ ( ay Fei Si! last meeting” werd ii rest . ® : i
Leaves Nellsen's DOCcK......... 4.00 P.M. | al baseball. club, was married Momday | révision on the assessment roll for pairs, ete. 26 20 Si re lon of Messrs, Ben- These are the three most common means by which diseases are spread fo
ies Tuunsony i | morning at Tilbury R: C. church, Rev. the year 1917. Total on account. . 5 307 70 —— and, were adopted as | from one person to another. How can these means of contagion be pre- id
Loaves Windsor ... 0.00 AlN, | Father™L. Parent officiating. Miss | All members present and subscribed Road and Bridge Account. nett ang vented? Fingers must be kept out of tho sources of disease. Children *
Arrives Amherstburg i080 4M | Mero 1s a daughter of Mr. and Mra. [to the necessiry qualification. Reevef . ° Group A. 4 read, Jr. Braun, seconded by must learn not to put their fingers into their noses or mouths; i
“(se ost. Nov. pay tn Thomas Mero. Miss Winnifred Mero, [10 the chair. Eran Laban STIRS “Movdthat the following bills | FINGERS, if the hands, as they invariably do, becomeidirty they must be
L0aves WINGAOE. (oo oe vivir = 7.00 AM. |@ sister ofthe bride, was bridesmaid, The Clerk reported only one appealj team ....... oe 14 00 | pr Ldn Edgar, $3, for attend | ROOD, washed before each meal, Dirty fingers may carey infection to
Arrives Amherstburg Toe AMN-land Andrew Girard, brother of tha [On the list—Jamos Phipps, assessed | Frank Feltz, No. ¢, 3 be avisi Henry Robl-| FLIES toys, pencils, etc., often used in. common by children, and to
3 west Dock, Pelee. ..... 11.15 AM? | groom, was best man. After a wed- | %¢ high for part of lot No. 18, Brown's on’ road bude, he 12 00 a or SEY nch tile for, Mal- cups, apoons, and other table utensils which may be used by z
eaves. Want WEDNESDAY En 7 yr. | ding trip to Buffalo and other eastern survey. walter Cacter, No, 6, 15 hours’ douxfp; Herb Cornwall, $1,/ for | other members ‘of the family. In the large concentration camps One of
Pe i TO An: | points, Mr. andl Mrs. Girard will live On motion of Messrs. Cousins: and WPMURE rests 6 00 yon fing and plowing and level | ymportant measures taken to prevent the spfead of disease among the men
Arrives Amherstburg .. in Windsor, . \ Plerce, said appeal was dismissed. Roe ding ha 6 0011 ddn 4th concession; Herbert] ig toshave all the food utensils, such as. cups, plates, knives, forks, etc.,
Om motoln of Messrs. Cousins and | George Osborne 7, ling §3, for repairing bridge on | polled after each meal. Bolling is a convenient and certain means of de-

Windsor (Hurley's

 

    

 

  
  
   
   
   
    
   
  
  
   
 
 
  

 

   
 
 

gr Not responsible for goods not prop-

erly addressed and tagged.
Address all communications to Windsor
and Peles I8land, Steamship Co., Limited,

Scudder P. O., Ontario.
JOHN. HARRIS,

J. N. SHEATS,
Master, Purser.

LOUIS PHILLIPS|

. AMHERSTBURG DEALER | |,

Pays 1 cent per Mb. for all kinds of
Rags. .

The highest prices for Iron, Copper, .
Brass and Rubbers, / uw

| have a contract and can pay more
than any one else pays.

| want Fat Chickens. Will pay 2

‘cents a Tb. more than Detroit dealers.
5 a

During July and August) CORN KEPT IN SILQS Ee s
: B Y ms ved 91 ..| Richard Simpson;
pews $l aoa TINSIGS ep | Tommahin for the yetr tou was con) Piet, ii 40 rush 8 SOT OLLI ral, :
Scudder 10.30 AM. { Court adjourned. : ahhh b iol Shi in 0 [Gf ‘South 7th Concession dratr, Food and water carry many diseases, the former becauss it is often ;
Rett a pat ty i143 AN Because of tke economy and con- Council Meeting. outlet ..... ' 1 oo | Py-law No. 502;; Demag Lao exposed to dirty fingers Yd to files; the latter because Sewage contaln{ EY
Jin-Bay. , 7. 4.00 P.M. | : ading si ; y i! } 2 day! 0 ;
Re ingeville and” Leamington; venience in feeding silage, more silos | Regular monthly meeting of the | AT Hur fhoabien N patil | So for Saye a Bt the discharges of human bodies 18 allowed to get to the source of supply, be :
76c.; Pelee, 50¢. - are being built every scason.. This |council held this day. All members |Wiiiam Carter ler day, and 8 hours pana it spring, river, well, or lake. Such a food as milk may, be
SATURDAY year will likely sce wu larger number | present. outlet .. a go ff per hour; Gordon Amlin, $15. 0.|' WATER handled by people who are. nursing typhoid, diphtheria,” or
Leaves Hin duly and Agu), | Aan. ] erected to “can” the corn crop. The + minutes of the last meeting James Melting 2 00 days grading al 37.80 ner ony : scarlet fever patients and thos be the path whereby these dis- :
Leam{ngion 7.00 AN) seventeen per’ cent. mord milk and | were read and, on. motion of Messrs. el rd Now RA UE RE Ri Mickle, $11.85, for 1g oh eases ire transmitted to others. - OT the milk may be the product of cows
AT nek oo vio0 Kn] 28' per.cent. more butterfat wasepro. | Cousins andl Carter. ndopted outlet. log In, ofping at $7.90 per (day: COIR] oected with tuberculosis. This is the cause of the greatest proportion of
Tava poe ; duced by dairy cows fed largely ow| The reewe reporfed that he had Mr. HIlL No. 16. balancaloi job -  ° jtham, $10, bulatice © ABeeiham, | tuberculosis in children {a whom it often lies.dormant until the age of
Scudder... silage than by others fed mainly a [procured the: materiul for protection : Group oe ector for 1916; Char os, 3a *| or 20 years. wa)
This time table subject’ to change with- grain ration in a feeding test conduct- | purposes in’ thie Lighthouse © Marsh L&T Jupp. No. 0, serap- / as fence viewer on lot 49, 6th con., » oh
out_notlce. Si ed at the Ohio Agricultural Experi: |{rom J. R. Park Estete Plening Mills iniz and niling in crossing... 84 be charged against the: Foster Es- ai RE hh rt EE -_e, @fk _—
pe- This Company.reserves the right 10 | ment Station. The silage ration pro- ith hin OR 8 7 Telephone System Account. fis: Howard Gibb. $18, for holding = + — + > 3 2
rofuse passage to objectionable pérsons. cod $ 5 pro- | Amherstburg, that tho,same had been | John McR. Selkirk, war. No. 18, ' of revision on the assessment 'S . 3
duced butterfat at 13 cents a pound, | delivered, but fhe found difficulty in Shvernfight cable tolls ror sourt Of revis 5
MAY ssa isin poo vusdluninisnn aos ¢ [roll.—Carried. 1 S ve a
5 x I = ’

have shown.

 

MUSKOKA LAKES
ALGONQUIN PARK
MAGANETAWAN RIVER
LAKE OF BAYS
KAWARTHA LAKES
GEORGIAN BAY

LOUIS PHILLIPS,

SHEET FIRST

Equip you Bulldings with our Light-
ning Conduétors, then you aré sure
to be safe. Our rod has 36 pure cop-
per wires,’ and passes Government
regulations. Mr. Defoe, our agent, has
tind years of experience both in selling
and erecting lightning conductors.
When derling with us’ you are sure of
getting the best.

For further information write:

PURE COPPER LIGHTNING ROD CO.
Dundas, Ont.,

from stations In Ontario at very low
fares, with liberal stop overs.

GET YOUR TICKETS IN ADVANCE

Phone 183

 

tion at all Grand Trunk: Ticket Omces

to, Ont.

 

nherstburg.. Phone 6 or 116,

 
  

PROCLA
42

RE VACCINATION
PUBLIC NOTICE {8 hereby given, 1

owing to Small Pox In Amherstburg,
tion 12, Sub-section 1, of the Provi

  
   
 
 
  
   

omcer of this District, as follows:

12 (1) In municipality
Small Pox exists or in whie

  
  
 

Or our Agent for Essex County, wh

ARTHUR DEFOE,

i - ESSEX, ONT.
Phone 102. Box 125. =

“OLD FALSE TEETH

Bought In any condition. $1.00 per
set or seven cents per tooth. Cash

by return mail. Z
+R. A. COPEMAN,

2579a: Esplanade’ Avenue, Montreal.

A COLT

overy

  

tho council that In its opinion there is d

ger of is bre
ity, of communication with ‘infected

calities,

 

cipality, who have

hin_soven
ation of re-vaccination shall
in sO far as the same may
{he fame manner as the" vaccination
fehilidren, except that a
years of age or over,
of tiventy-one years,
Jcustody” or under tho
or mother or of any other. person,

be carried

Bit under the
who #8 not in

 

shal

ea he Ned medical practitioner,
ogally a chitioner shall “adopt

»

Star Pointer, Jr, 2:15;

By Star Pajnter 1:59), and Hackney.
‘ Bi Fy i
Stallions wilt be for service at th

wn ‘bard, Leantington, during the!

 

     

. J. PARK
T= J. Ks

M. 0. KH. In an
2 4 “Fown of Amhe

Ww, FRED PARK, M8.
Amherstburg, June din 1917

|

   

Xi

 
 
  
 
  
  

; 3 ¥ A
Lieut.-Col. R. I. Tiwwers and Capt.

Chancellor of McGill University, direc-
tor of the Bank of Montreal and the
Trust Company, and crebtor
and head of the Macdonald Tobacco
Company, 1s dead In his 86th year, af-
Although Sir
his
office In Montreal was up one of the
narrowest and steepest stairs In the
metropolis, and he was, until his last
A lliness, a dally worker, walking to his
office in the morning and driving home

and he long had the reputation of be-
in America to
was

William that though he made millions
out of manufacturing tobacco, he pev-
his
life, and compelled a nephew to cease

first Canadian-made to go to the out.

a noted Meth-
odist church in Montreal. He was him-

     
  

pounds ‘of dry matter can he produced
in the:form of silaze at legs cost than
one pound in sugar beets, other tests

ATTRACTIVE TRIPS

Round trip tourist tickets now on sale

Perth reservations and full informa-

or write C. E. HORNING, District Pas-
senger Agents G. T. RY. System, Toron-

v
A.W. MARSH; G./. R. Agent, Am-

 

MATION

   
    
  
      
  
    
   
   

‘Health Act {8 hereby put In force mn Am-
nerstburg by order of Provincial Medical

the Provin-
cial or Local Board of .Healih has notined

the council of the municipality

has ordered the vaccination or re-vaccin-
ation of all persons resident in the muni-
not been vaccinated

years, and that such vaccin-

   

0 applicable in

 
 
  
  
  

arson of fourteen

   
 
 
 

control of [his rather

every porson of Twenty-one years or over,
present himselr for vaccination by
ractitioner, or by Some other

   
  
  
  
  
     

 
  

£r / | same. monsures 10 secure the vaccination
oY Jor re-vaccination of every such person as M
= > bigs Bo IB raquired to take with regard to chil-

By order Provincial Board of Health.

seal.—Carrled.

for the payment of the same:—
General Account.

 
   
   

    
   

 
 
   
 
     

 
  

   
  
 
 

 

     
     
  
 
 
   

   

 

 

 

   
    

   

    
   

   
   
   

 

 

  
 

 

 

  
  
   
    
    
    

     
   
    

 

 

   
  

 

 

    

  
  
  
 
 

 

  

 

 
  
 
  

 
   

   
  
   
 

   
  
 
   
   
   
 
   

 
     
  

The following accounts wera pre-
gented and, on motion of Messrs. Cor-
tor and Plérce, warrants were lssucd

    

 
 
  
   
   
   
    
    
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
    
  
     
    
      

  
  
 
  
     
   
     
   
   
  
      
   

       
  
 
 
   
  
    
  
   
     
     
   

 
 

    
   
  
   
    
     

 

       
        

 

  
    
      
 
    
    
    
  
     
 
 
    
 
   
     
   
   

   

  
    

   

 

 

    
  

 

  
  
   
  

   
   

   
   
  
    
     

  
    
   
 
  

      
   
    
  

  
    
   
    
  
   
   
  
 
 
 

      

   
   
 
   
  
 
  

John = Fintay, warn. Nady tor ‘
vices as / Sor, aie x 5 00
jon 5 Filey, 3 in auglies § J
ood, DD & . Act, a3 per
np eid, Sutitary cron! 1 DEED. © Si Ef o0000000000000000000000000000800000COVET
LE, Viurzary, No. 42, Sta Hor y
fees fo Ballir, Division 7
i AL ane a, 2 an EFORE GOING to a place for your summer vacation It {s well to be
i PEL 3 Haars 20 sure that the water-supply is not likely to give you’ or the mem-
So A J bors of your family typhoid fever. Get a sterilized bottle from %
pre 10 Is, plies, vy, the Provincial Board of Health Laboratory at No. 6 Queen's Park,
IDNEYS s id ee onl 2p 5 Bd = — i and hove the water examined. If you have & cottage of your own,
3 Harwood Hilton, No. 458, baling 1
wo My husband Bis eufered for For Sanat 1 00 Jellies have [xe particular care that the contents of your Vator closed 18 dorgeudd
ney troubles. He became so bad A. SET hy i HY Jb gainst the entrance of flies which may carry disease to your family or r] :
a a almost © impossible Ah hauling posts to cemetery 13 28 S families of your neighbors, Besides, if you take these precautions, you will
and got mo rr Ismadles David Dryden, No. 47, servicos of 1 ood VAY nave a right to demand that your neighbors take like precautions. If you
come dlatowaged : launch, Assessorts, 10D Meare: use a closet, be particularly careful that its contents do
Gin “a trial, 80 20% ivy Cormick =... epee e340 00 Make as many as yoy THE SUMMER not get to any source of water supply.
it ch | | Rormend Reninson, No, Attn ] They will be ‘wor? RESORT If there is a good supply of sand near your cottage
ivod that be gos ‘six boxes And will ay per engineer's cortific 16 90 de {t is a cheap and simple matter to instal a system of sub-
ns ALA them until he -s The Ludlam-Ainstie Lumber X e to you next surface sewage disposal. The Provincial Board of Healt! i Supply you 5
4 Mh. James Harris,'* No. di, posts, ofc, for cs with a pamphlet telling all about how to establish a plant of this kind... s
Soe ® box: 6 boxes for $2.60, Fane DE “<tap- AES there is no sand or gravel the safest system to use is a closet with buckets, po!
' rite for freo sample to los and gates for cemetery.. 132 80 using dry carth or ashes to cover the excrota cach) time of using. Have 5
hrs 2 GANAD. > SEEMIAL 3: Rk me Ne LL close-fitting lids to the closet holes and a screen door to keep out the files. »
; Toronto, Ons. 85 work be J 5 P OIE LEAL It is a good plan to get your doctor to‘incculate you against typhoid and
i Geo. E. Pegg, No. 62, time and ox- paratyphoid fevers.
peas’. Windsor ha BON It you are not satisfied that the drinking water is pure, either got a By
/ owl on aucsunt ais $1342 du safe supply or boil all’ water used about your place. gon
Big Marsh Drainage Mal ntenance, . .
¢, Stewart, War, No, 28, repair- .
i "ing and pumping... °F Mr 2°30 Some of the dootors are complaining because the Registrar General is
0 fi: Senth, Neoa80,212 Hours pune oh prosecuting them for not reporting births, Well, they cannot complain that
o H. C. Quick, "104 Mouss makes clear, delff! they have not bad warning. For years doctors aid parents have been
(J pumping -. . . LAS BD jellies. The pu 8 easy. repeatedly warned that they must, obey the law regarding notification and
La Lisbiine, N eo a En granulation maf 7 00.11 ? registration of irae, Some ow o no i Say they
3 Ernest Stewart, No. 32, comini:- oo : D> BIRTH should be paid for thisservice.' In the opinion o e k
3 Hon and other expenses, as BI SIRATION writer they - should NOT bo paid for doing what is a
2 win PO 33, ‘034 yo » plain duty, and for obeying the law. Any physician who
e repairing pumps <2 does not think engugh of his patient to rogister the birth of her baby does
Wm_'olier, No. 34, -, Sot deserve to have the baby's mother for a patient any longer. The Gov-
WOT Tegel Fae hE ernment demands that physicians shall forthwith notify the Divisias Re-
d. The Division strar

  

Cc
8

  

Bros, W 3, repuirs

for pumps
George Piper, No,
pumping

Park
3

or veld G2
14 hours®

 

 

   
    
 

 

  
 
 
    

       

    
 
   
  
  
 
  
   
    
   
  

    
  
 

  
    

   

   
   
   
   
    
   
  
    
    
  
   

   

 

   
  
  
     

 

  

 

   
    
     

        

       
  
  
 
 

   
     
   
    
    

the assessment of the outlet

     
    
 
   
  
  
 
    
   

 

      
     
    

      
  
  
   
    
    

  
   
  
       

   
 

Alblrt Muir, No, 10, salary as
man, 6-inch spik

2

and tie grain_ration at 22' cents. Two | getting men tin do the work.

Moved by Mn. Nagelelsen, seconded
by Mr. Cousins; that the Reeve be in-
structed to adwertise for tenders for
tlie repairing ‘of the protection work

Olive Stewart, No. M
operator for Ma
Northern Electric Co., No. 21, sup-

plies for system, as per ac- ft

     

J
m

       
  

     

  
 

     
       
   
  
   
   
   
  

 
    
 
 

_ | in the Lighthiouse Marsh.—Carried. count. rendered yp des 7
George Plisrce reported that as Total.oneAtcount Sir riae x
directed, he had submitted plans and | Meeting adjourned.
specifications: for a frame or wooden i rd

EARLY CUTTING MAKES /AIN N

building and herewith submitted pro-
CLOVER SEED b

positions Witihout plumbing, heating,
etc, from the Conklin Planing Mills,
$4,000; Oxley Bros. $4,760.

The recve mand Mr, Cousins report
ed that as diteacted they Had inter-
viewed Normani: MeCormick and had
received an offer from him to sell his

  
 

    
     

   
    
    
   

 

er in
later
The
avented

Cutting the first crop ©
onrly June insures a see
free from clover seed

     
    
    
      
  

   
       
  
     
   
  
  
    
   
       
      
    
    
   
  
  
   
   
   
 
    
      
     
   
   
   

   

  
  
     
   
  
  
    

  
   
     
   
  
  
      

pealing By-law No, 206, and opening
up as © public highway that portion
of the South Bay Shore road closed
under® the provision of the sald by:
law,ireceived iftg first reading.

Moved by Mfr. Nagelelsen, that the
said by-law bey passed.—No seconder.

The by-las {for the purpose of clos-
ing up that p@rijon of & highway ‘as
shown on play No. 338 of the town-
ship, extending from the n w corner
of J. D. Otter's; property, thence south
of the pumping station to the N. & 8.
dyke rood, €lrc, received {ts first
reading. /

Moved by My. Cousins, seconded by
Mr. Plerce, thal the by-law closing up
the ‘sald roudiway, etc., be now. read

d ed 3
a numbered 211, ind pass

The by-law for the "purpose of
dividing the township into school
sectjons, recived {ts first reading.

Moved by Arr “Cousins, seconded by
Mr. Nagelelsap, that®the by-law for
the purpose of dividing the township
me school sections, be now read a

©, Dy pd 812
“Carried. mbered 31 and passed.

Moved’by Mr. Cousins, seconded by
Mr: Nagelelgon, that the Clerk ‘be
authorized 4 procure the maps ofthe
township required by Section 48, Sub-
section 4 of (he Public Schools Act,
and distribuyy the same.—Carried.

Ernest Cluj;

Atton made application for
the (use of the sand on a, portion of
the townsiyjp'g

each lot ot the North
End, fof {fe pu t
FR purpose of manufacturing

Mo¥pd by Mr. Cousins. secondeédsby
Mr. VB that the Reeve 3
Clerk mpat Mr. Clutton at the town- [lf
ie beath ots In re to the mat-
leasing the same with power
ay Bie al!
Mo¥g dby Mr. Cousins, seconded 'b
r. Nagolalsen, that the Clerk be
structed 0 prder forthwith 300 to
os - lum coal from C. A. Nel
1 5 . Bt the price quoted ‘to
a) wast. Com sloner.—Carried.
weg: | ap y Mp Pierce, seconde
si po] pout John S{mpag
WT
i of. the Round i ssloner and
in'place of W.

appears about the midfaeots that
larvae are smell reddiataflure to
teod In the flower andyying oft the
mature a crop,of seel insects ap:
first ‘crop just befoyyg in which
pear removes all ‘H.. gecording
they can feed and/ onjo Agricul-
to entomologists of,  Pasturing
tural Experiment / idle of June
clover fields up t{g. the effects of
{8 another way tg EX
the midge.
ppearing in July

oi 3 - a theseed crop of
clover unless ty t ctop is ont early

{opment of the first
to prevent the x

brood of midg -———

—New st. axes of two cents on
bank check drafts of more than
$5, to ral om $8,000,000 to $105:
000,000 We f¥itten into the war tax
bill last by the senate finance
he provision would
commie drawing. ks and

quire pefira than 35 0 ais the
rafts fg \

stamps miliar during the Spanish-

Amerlef¥ 0 & .

   

     
      
     
    
    
    

   

     
   

     

   
  
 
  
  
  
 
 
   
     
   
 
   
  

 

 
  
  

hat

        
 

      
  

  
    
  
 
 

ere

an-

l1o-

      

   
  
   
   
  
 
  
  
   
   
    

ous
afr

» When
fe b

and

and
ne

   

   
 

 

  

     

   
    

 

 

ard concession road be ald over until
une 9th at 1 o'clock, and the council

further consideration.—Carried,

lector’s roll of 1016.

Mr. Martin, that Albert
pointed cattle balliff.—C

first brood of insects Is tig clover |
fr. Langlois,
from maturipg, and the f py thet. ound the towns

gwaltniy Hoven sai lot, about 54-100 Srp is Tot Rosy 2 Friday, June” 15th, starting at Ed.
e, tor: $3,600. sme === {July and August brood. ox! ¢ , ‘clock.
The bydaw, for the purpose of ré: |’ The first brood of cl Sod midge poviers, ith concessions AL § Seine AMHERSTBURG, ONT,

{ble for all

re: | 5 ‘chairman.

  
    
     
  

I heard
ahd

. Boly'

  
  
 
   

    
    
     
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
    
  
  

all; | sessment be reduced from $1,450 tof"

  
    
     
   
          
    
  
  
    
   
     
   
        
          

gistrar of the birth of a baby at which they atten
will provide post-card forms tor this purpose. These are carried post free.

The neglect of the doctor does not relieve the parent or householder where
the birth occurs. They too are supplied with post-free cards for this pur-
pose. It is the duty of the Division Registrar if these returns are not
promptly mado to him to get after both parents and doctors and obtain the

 

    

   

 

    
  
  
    
  
        
  

   
     

 

    
  
  
   
   

 

     
   
   
   
  
  
  
 
    
   
   
   
  
   
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
      
       
       

 

  
    
  

 
    
    
   
  
     
  
   
          
  
  

Wright's;

stroying disease germs.

Cofcession by Fred.
.

   
  

  
       
    
   

   
  
       
    
  
  
      
             

       

Moved by Mr. Bennett, seconded by
p of the

tinct
Yi LIE FRR =
Our 1917 showing is:most com- :
plete in all lines: Let us show

you our samples and help you |
select your PAPERS. :

that the opening u

 

r. Braun,

eat on Herbert Bratt's bridge for

Charles Beetham returned the Col-

Moved by Mr. Bennett, geconded by
fr. Martin, tha tthe colleétor's roll
s accepted. —Carried.

Moved by Mr. Langlois, seconded by
Pillon be ap-

arried.

Moved by Mr. Bennett, seconded by
that 4hé ‘council go
hip and sell jobs omy

uy ST el,

Alfred Horsley, -

Bathurst Street

  

Charles A. Bailey, owner of the n é
1, of lot 82, notified the council that
he ,would hold the township respons-\
damage done to his land
by water, as the ditch on the Sth con

cession road is out of repair.
Moved by Mr, Bennett, seconded by

Mr, Braun, that the clerk notify “Alex.
Baird, C. E, to make en examination

    

     
  
  
   
    

      

cb) DAILY BETWE
‘3 — MAGNIFICENT STEAMERS — 3

g"—*CITY OF ERIE"="CITY OF BUFFALO”
emp eee

The Great Ship “SEEANDBE! Tony or
CLEVELAND — Dally, May 1st to Nov. 15th —BUFFALO

       
  
    
  
 

  
   
 

 

 

and report on the ditch'on tha Ste] # Stars Jey
concession rond.—Carried. Lar es . ny 3| graxoans Tore } Kreive CLEVELAND a3 ALM. °
and Oarsdian points. Railroad

    
   
     
  
  
  
  
  
 
  

    

Falls and all Eastern

tion on our
d Buffalo are Food (08 Moa Toorbi nisms
0 Great Ship **
i

no exceeding1d] iu, wheel base.
and des

The river front people opposing the
new river front rond, gerved a coun-
ter petition to the council, which the
council Inid over for further consld-

eration.
Council adjourned.

Court of Revision,

Council met as a court of revision
on the assessment roll. All members
present. After filing thelr necessary
declarations of office the Teeve acted
The clerk received the
following appeals: Fred. Mickle ap:

eared before the court and asked
that the following changes be made In
the Amherst Point subdivision plan:
Lot No. 39 be assessed to Albert
Qreen as owner; lot No.’40 be assessed
ito Arthur Laverock as owner; lot No.
43 be assessed to David Blair as own-
er. The Detroit, Belle Isle.and Wind-
gor Ferry Co. wos sessed tgo high
and not assessablefor business tax;
Mrs. J. G. Patterson was assessed too
high on shed on lot No. 10, as it was
| not. worth $50;53Wm. Menzies assessed

too nigh.
Moved by
Mr. Braun,

sent of

pave oy free.

Beautifull:
reesipd ot ave cents, Also mk for our |

 

   
     

   
   
    
  
   
  
   
    
     
   
  
 
   
 
    
   
      
  
 

  
  
    
 
  
  
  
 

 

 
 
   
 
  
    

Our Home Outfit off ers are deal

"ing Big Blows at Prevailing
High Prices

      
   

   

  
   
   
 
   
  
   
    

   

 

! 3 i, . .
Now that Spring Housecleaning 1s in Full
Blast we would ask you to call
and see our stock of

Mr. Bonnett, seconded by
that the Detroit, Belle Isle
and Windsor Ferry Co. assessment on
Blanc be confirmed.—Cuarried,
Moved by Mr. Bennett, seconded by |
that Mrs. J. G. Patterson's
shed be struck off, |!
and the assessmedt on ‘the land hej
raised to $500 and $100 on water front.
—Carried, = I
" Moved by Mr. Langlois seconded by ||
Mr. Martin, that Wm, Monzjes' as-||

  
   
    
   
 
 
   
  
 
 

 
  
  

  
  
 

  

       
  

$800.—Carried. EY "
‘Moved by Mr. Braun, seconded by}

| Mr. Langlois, that Joseph Barron be
placed in S. S, No. B instend of 8.
| No. .2, and Alfred Jarriett, er. owner

| of 10t No. 65, be placed in S: S. Now 4}
i { No. soar : : \

‘ ‘Mr. Langlois, | I

by ‘Mr. Braun, that Dufly Iilon‘s and |}.

rahall ‘Enderby's dogs be struck off, |

 
 
 
 
 
  

    

   
