   
   
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
    
   
  
   
  
 
  
  
    
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
   

ty Promo!
Gheerfulness and Rest Conta

Le Ror NARQOT

isl frst,
Ahelpfel Remedy for
NGonstipadon and Diarr

1.0SS OF SLEE!

Facsimte Signature of

aA

—

/ Tue CEXTAUR Conny,
} ONTREAL & NEW YOro

CA { GO months old

Dosts Jy lente

35k

 

1 neither Opiem, Morphine no

i P
resulting erefronvinlalantyJ

For Infants and Children.
EE  ———

Genuine Castoria
Always

Bears the
Signature

hoes
& fl" ond Fevesishress and

  

I

 
  
   

Mothers Know That

 

  

 

AMHERSTBURG ECHO.

  

Clair closed the door and spent half
ah hour deliberating. At the end of

that time be took the jewels to Miss STRAIGHT LINES.
Archard and told her how he bad come

by thom. She had experienced enough La Jerz In a Fetching
of Le Moyne's attentions to her to di. New Model For Spring,
vine his object. Then St. Clair took
tho jewels to Le Moyne, whom he
found with several of his guests, and
told him where be bad found them.
Lo Moyne colored and stammered that
some of the house servants must have
stolen them and temporarily hidden
them in St. Clair's room.

“Yon le!" sald St. Clair, “I saw you
come to my room and place the box in
my drawer."

Lo Moyne ralséd his cane and struck
his accuser. St. Clair attempted to
strike back, but tho others interfered.

At that time in the south such an
affair must be settled under the codo
duello. The accusation against Le
Moyne could only be wiped out in
blood. He knew that It could not be
wiped out at all. There was not one
of his guests but would belleve the
word of St. Clair in preference to his
OWI. ;

With the dogged spirit that pos-
sessed him Le Moyne proposed that
they should settle tho affair at once,
St. Clair was agreeable, and though
the others present advised delay, the
two principals were too hot for ft.
Raplers were the Weapons most used,
and there. was sufficient space in the
room where they were. The adver-
saries, in shirt and trousers, faced each
other, swords were panded them and
they began to fence,

Le Moyne, true to the instincts of
his race, was cool. Not even the truth
of the charge could unnerve him. St
Clair, on the contrary, was so shocked,
80 indignant at the base attempt to
put a stigma upon Lim aud rob him of
the girl with whom be had just plight.
ed his troth that he fought wild. The
result was that in ‘a few minutes he
recelved a* sword wound in the side
which took him out of the fight.

He was carried to his room and a
surgeon sent for, who pronounced him

 

 
 
  
  
 

     
 

 

  
  

 
  

 

  
   
 

DEAD

A Plantation Story of
Before the Civil War

 
  
   
 
  
  
   
   
   
  
 
   
    
    

   
    
  
   
   
   
    
       
    
    
   
  
   
 

   
  
   
 
   
   
 
  

‘

     
  

appears to be ‘cheap’ in price will prove to be
extravagant in use. The fresh young leaves of.

“Salada” will yield you generous value for
your money. BIS

By ESTHER VANDEVEER

   
   
 

In AlaBomn in ante-bellum days wag
a fair plapfation comprising many hun.
dred acres 8nd many hundred slaves.
On an eléwated spot stood the mansion,
a great squire house with “galleries”
surrounding ©very story and sbaded
by bigh tre¢f8. In the rear were the
homes of the negroes. a line of cabins.
kept clear by frequent coats of white-
wash, The plantation, now cut up, is
the site of Jarge cotton mills,

This property was owned by a child
six months 01d. Its grandfather and
its father had both dled within a byief
period, leaving 8 young widow, mother
of the belr at Jaw, as his guardian and
manager of the plantation.

Edward Le Moyne, this child's un.
cle and brother of his father, was a
scheming man, ho, under the pretense
of assisting Is sister-in-law in the
management 6 ber property, establish.
ed himself ir the house and assumed
control. Mrs. * Jullan Le Moyne, the
widow, had not 4nvited him to do so,
but, being a very gentle feminine per-
son, had not the will power to prevent
him. Edward Le Moyne in his youth
bad been, wild, Indeed, he had dis-
graced himself, and his father had
willed the property to his brother Ju-
lan. When Julimn died and Edward

commenced the role of assistant to the
mother of the ‘chilid. who had inherited

    
     
    

    
  
 
 
 
   

oprofed

‘BUILDERS

When in need of CEMENT,
HARDWALL PLASTER.
LIME, BRICK, or anything
else “in Building Material,
there's only one place in Am-
herstburg to get perfect ser-
vice and that's from

  
 
  
   
  
   
  
  
   
  
     
    
 

 

     
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
 
  
 
  
  
   
 

 

on

    
  
     
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
   

 
  
   
  
 
  
   
  
  
 

   

  
 
 
  
  
  
    
  
 

   
    
  
  
   
  
  

     
 
   
  

    
 

 

 

HOW MEN ENDURE
/ The Oat-Fed Man Can Outwork
All the Rest

 

 

A concern which employs 2,000 woodeut-
ters made scientific tests of food. The re-

sult bas been to prove oatmeal the gre...
endurance focd. Those workers now, all

start tlie day on a dict of oats alone,
No other grain supplies the energy of oats,

l ., CANADIAN NEWS.

From present indications .the at

 

tendance at the Ontario Agricultural
College thé: coming term will be the

smallest in {ts history.

common.

You know the affect on horses, It ix just Two, German prisoners escaped

the same on man. Auy man can increase

from the interment ‘camp at Amherst,

his endurance, his vim and vitality by eat- | N, S., Inst week. . They.are A. Peters

ag more oats,

That is why oatmenl is so immensely im-
portant. In this food above all foods one
should insist on the utmost. It is not a
wise thing to Berve common oatmeal.

The rich, plump grains used in Quaker
Oats are selected by 62 siftings. Only ten
2ounds can be obtained from a bushel.
But those choice grains bave richness and
3avor, and the maximum value as food.
Quaker Oats is the cream of the oats
nade delicious. Yet, despite its quality,
she cost to you is but one-half cent per dish.

Made in Canada. am

FISH NETS

  
      

 

    

DELO
ty
QE XY

is :
GUNS, TRAPS, SPORTING GOODS
; JOMN HALLAM. Limited

408 HALLAM BLDG. TORONTO.

  
  

 

L. BERTRAND
FUNERAL DIRECTOR

YRACTICAL Embalmer, Murray St.
Amherstburg. Day or night.
Phone 20

 

CHAS. LEGGETT

GRADUATE OPTICIAN.

orjonco. Handrods of satin
goon ann a Py aro living testimonia
Exalusive Optical Parlors, Main 58. Kingevilie

“ Issuer of Marriage Licenses.
9% C, P. R. Ticket Agent.

 

   
    
 
      
   
         
 

   
   
 
  

. DR. W, H. McBRIDE,

Veterinary Surgeon.

Offioo and residence : Dalhousie street south
a Fa Mil, Atiborstburg. Dell Telo:
phone. Noiiz Calls answered pi r night,

    
    
      
  
 
   
   
  
   
   
   
   
 
  
 
 

 

witha) i

 

  
 
  
 
  

  
   

LET Us 0 tho price of bread bringing the finan-

and T. Reans. Both speak good Bng-

lish. All exits from the country are |

now -closely guarded.

v him lying in his mother's arms uncon-

Everett Carland and John O'Brien,
a and at St. John, N, B,, [:#clous.. She accosed ‘him of having
were found not guilty of the murder |Polsened the boy and, summoning
of Robert Harris, jr. plumber's ap- [more fortitude than she had displayed
prentice, who was waylald and fatally | before, ordered him out of the room.

beaten on June 14th.

James * Wellwood, former reeve of | days later he saw n little coffin carried 1: 1" v
5 v , ‘I's come o oday.
Raleigh township, was unanimously to the family burying ground on a ni Aa S come of age today

elected Monday to succeed Reeve
Pardo, names as county road super-
intendent. Deputy Reeve Broadbent
wag re-elected unippised

A delegation representing (nvalided

     
  
  
 
 
 

Lomer gave a very promising ansyer,
" Action for damages arising trom
the explosion in the Curtis and Har.
vey (Canada), Limited, powder pln
at Dragon, Quebec, was entered by
George Boyce, who claims $7,696 for
the destruction of his house and fur-
iture.
2 George S. Cotton, a 14-year-old Ind,
|son of Charles Cotton, was fatally
injured at a band concert in Inger
soll given Wednesday night on, the
Central School grounds. He struck
his head on a beam when getting up
quickly:
1 An Yordergn-comefl providing for
the apprehension of feAMen who de-
sert from any vessel owned or char-
tered by the British or Canadian gov-
ernments, or carrying a cargo or pas-
sengers for any-British or allled gov-
ernment,”has been passed by the gov-
ernment.

The only son*of Mr, and Mrs. Dean
Stevens, of Dawh Valley, a little tot

not quite two yeirg of nge, met death

through’ a fall {hto an Sopen cistern
on his father's farm. The threshers

- ; holes.
were-at work at {he Stevens farm dur-! Bot hardly bad tbe guests arrived By this time. she had caught their

ing the day and {he little toddler was
missed while theywere eating supper. '

The provincial © representatives of
the Food Controligr are J. C. Stewart,
Noya Scotia; J. A” MacDonald, Prince
Edward Island; R. g. Armstrong, New
Brunswick; W. 8S. ‘Weldon, Quebec;
George A.  Chopmiin, Editor Grain
Grower's Guide, Manitoba; Hon. C.
W. Brown, Saskatohgwan; J. H. Lamb,
Union of “Municipiiities, Alberta, and
Charles MacDonali], British Columbia.

Ontario crops fir 1917, as forecast
by the returns mie to the provincial
Bureau of Industiies, promise to be
the largest In ‘history, ‘both In size
and in value. Nol only has the acre-
age under cultivalion ‘been extended,
but each” acre hig this year ylelded
more than In othar years. One re-
markable feature of the returns Is the ;
enormous Increise in the production
of beans. The acraage devoted to the
raising of beans {his year i8 more
than double thd 4f last year. It is
estimated that ovar one and a half
million bushels of heans will bb reap-
od from 114,785 acias, This Is of the
highest Importance at the present
time, owing to the great value of
beans as food. Ths wheat crop seems
to be more remarkable for its value
than for its quantiy, the advance fn

returns from this produce up’ to
o Bien point. A gsvernment official
reports that on one farm in the vi-

cinity of Woodstock 39 ccres had seen. A moment after his host had

ed 1,200 bushels of wheat, which
eh sold for $1700, or as much «
as the land itself is worti. :

 

 

—

| CATARRH CANNOT BE CURED

| CAL APPLICATIONS, us they |
) brs eg disease.

Some Hamilton coal merchants are
already starting to charge severe
prices for coal, instances of where
$11.60 and $12 was charged being

soldiers called upon Sir Lomer Gouin, | ber‘belongings and the same day took rn) eas a pugs
Premier of Quebec, asking that the | ber departure. ' IL 2 hen ei. nalld, :
Government of Quebec grant, 500| Edward Lo Moyne took possession tion hat it Roa ak come, gd pL , 2 ¥ y 8

farms to Invalided soldiers. Sir | of the plantation, brought his wife and | Proved true. It wns a month beforo

“quickly into the room, pull out a bo:

 
  
   

    
    
 

in dange= of his life, Of course, re-
moval was out of the question.

The first Miss Archard heard of the
matter was that Ler, lover had been
stabbed by her host and was lying in
his chamber in. a critical. condition.
She flew upstairs and in another mo-
ment was bending over him,

the property, the mother was sure his

object was to gett rid of the helr that

be might become ithe owner himself,
Edward Le Moyne had married a

woman beneaith his family, by whom

be had a som. Had Edward brought

them to the plantation to live Mrs. .Ju-

lan would mot bave had the will pow- “Why,” she moaned, “did we come | material beaded in white and

oe  syent ne Hoke 20 Saga. into this house? It Is accursed.” The hat is covered with oriental silk

5 h n n DY.
and Mrs. Julian aew vor wolll that At the moment an old negro woman and finished witha gilt tassel.

La

   
 

 
    
  
 

‘-
2
o

        

            

USEFUL ELEGANCE,

    

Jade green wool Jersey is bere fash-
loned into a modish topcoat, the full-
ness of which is box plaited in at the
waist and girdled with a strip of the

  

Bedeefrobeddeodebderbeodebrieod dotefedenteofofengontoofefanfosfoefrienforfode

PHONE 75, FEED, SEEDS, ETC.
HB 2 SE

  
     
   
 

    
  

 

  
  
  

  

AA Fob old dob ob bbb edb obo abe bbb

 

    
   
    
    

  
   
 
  

a > 4 a entered and heard-the words, nS WwW E ¥ H AV E | N S | O ( K- *
nex move wou ¢, when . ONT » ’ = ~§
d No. missy,” she said, “de house aint k d i
ar a Bot rid of her son. to the | cog Hit's de people in it. Don" IS YOUR NAME, E? : 3 :
0] use,

worry, honey. 1 bad a dream las’

As might bave been expected, the ‘night. I drenmed I saw n p'cession How to Crochet This Initial For Insets
1

SHINGLES, LATH, CEDAR POSTS, BARN BOARDS,
child fell {Il. Edward Le Moyne saw

JOISTS, MOULDINGS. OF ALL KINDS. DOOR SASH,
WOODEN EAVETROUGH,* RUBBEROID ROOFING, *
BEAVER BOARD.”

goin’ to a grave takin’ a baby coffin, on Towels,
An’ Y saw ‘em buryin® de coffin. Den | Start with 23. holes and always ch to
when dey all go way I saw de baby | turn. \
rise out o' de groun’, an’ he was grow- First Row—After the 23 holes is the
ed to. be a fine young -man. An’ he oe commencing, 8 holes, 7 solid, 8
sald, ‘Mammy, my denr ole mammy! | holes.

Qualling before her, ho retired. Two He put his A around my neck an' Second Row—7 holes, 2 solid, & holes,
2'solid, 7 holes.

Third Row—8 holes, 2 solid. 2 holes, 2
»olld, 3 holes, 3 solid, 5 holes.

Fourth Row—4 holes, 2 oli, 2 holes,
1 solid, 2 holes, 1 golid, 1 hoje, 8 solid,
5 holes. Loy

Fifth Row—5 holes, 3 solid, 4 holes, 1

Place your order with us and save money:

JOHN FRASER ©

Planing Mill and Lumber Yard ? :

Apt 25
near by, followed by the widow ind a I know wha’ de dream meant. Don

¥o' worry, honey. Hit's all comin’ ou
number of her house servants, who |° Try Y {it’s ll comin'-ont

right.”
were devoted to her. When she re-
turned to the manor. house she packed | Lhe lovers well knew the superst-

AMHERSTBURG, ONT.

Sixth Row—8 holes, 2 solid, 2 holes, 3 sheds bob derbob ob defo bobbed dood bd fb ded ede
solid, 2 holes, 8 golld, 6 holes. . va

—_— re —

:
+
rie
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
$e
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
i
+

 

: St. Clair could be moved, and during
| 8B; then ten years old, to the mansion . sing
| ana lived’ there a‘lonely life. None of hia 0 Lame Srery
| the neighboring planters would bave | <8) urse . though mever eG oii 15 road
anything to do with,him. and his slaves | 4id she delgn to notice Le Moyne. Ono HE Phd = on
hated him : day, shortly before the surgeon gave th Row—0 holes, 8 solid, 1 hole,
Twenty years later his son, Tom, | Permission for his removal, the negro | 80Ud. 8 holes. : |
who bad come into possession of the | Who bad told her dream came into the | Tenth:Row—10 holes. 1°solid, 8 holes,
property, with a view to cstablish re- |F0om in which St. Clair was lying. | 1 solid, 8 holes. :
Intions: with the. neighboring planters | MIs Archard sitting beside him, The Eleventh So holes, 8 solid, 1
faye a ball. Ho was no better liked | 91d woman lockéd the door and ap- | hole, Lugs ol les, 2 solid
than his father bad been, and the ac: |Proached the bed with her finger on ray th Row=8 holes, 2 go , 13
tances ‘were few. Nevertheless | her lps. ’ :
they on sufficient for a merrymak- |, “I8 it de fi’ ob August? sho adked. inset Row—8 holes, 8 soll, 8
ing. "Among the guests was Proctor | “Yes, aunty.” deat ; E
St. Clair, a young man who had been | “Lis'en! I got a secret I'm gwine to Batt JowE holes fr 1
reared by a relative and was extreme- [tell yo', [I promise missy I nebber tell LS y hn & 3

 

   

Seventh Row—7 holes, 5 solid, 8
holes. 3 solid, 5 holes.

    
 

“Consider Safety First When Buying

Flour.”

"COL NupaL,

~Gives every user every bake day perfect protection against uncer-
tainty. , .
| it ls nafe baking a safe flour and a pure flour.

Because it is safe It I8 the most economical.

Gold. Medal Flour is sold under a guarantee of satisfaction or
money bade 8

 

   
           
           
    
 
 

 

  
   

  
  

     
            

: , y Fifteenth Row—6 holes, 2 solid, 5 \ RETR ;
ly popular on account of his high sense prt dis day, cos dis de day yo', Miirs holes, 2 solid, 1 hole, 1 solid, 6 Jo E
of honor, his independent character |Julian"— Sixteenth Row , boless 1 solid] 2 I R F I
and other manly trafts. Another guest “Jullan! I'm not Julian. I'm Proc- holes, 1 solid, & Yo. 2 Sn 3 er] . ° 9
*was Caroline Archard, the belle of the | tor. Something is the matter with Seventeenth Kow.or Nolo D solid, 8 || Wholesale Dealer in Grain and Seeds.
| country round about. Tom Le¢ Moyne | you, aunty. You're gone daft.” 4 holes, 1 solid, 2'holes, 1 solid. 7 bolbs.
was ambitions to win this girl, think- “Jus' yo' walt; honey. Mars Julian, ’ 4 » »

   
     
   
 
  
  
    
 
    
  
    
     
 
 

Bightcenth Row—11 holes; 4 solid, 8
holes. )

Nineteenth and Twentieth Rows—23

ing that a marriage with ber would {¥yo' twenty-one years ole dis berry day.
gain him an entree into the aristocratic | Reckon I ought to know. I'm yo
families in his neighborhood. mammy."

HARROW, -- ONTARIO.

   

 

and the festivitiés begun before De | attention. ;
Moyne observed that Miss Archard “You ma, she lib beah, an® Mars Leo FIFTY JOBS.
was manifesting a décided preference | Moyne, Mars Tom Le Moyne's father. —i
for young St. Clair. The traits of the | he come in to run de plantation. | A List of Occupations For Women Dur«
father showed themselves in the son. | Missy 'frald her baby git polsoned so ing Wartime.
He resolved to work by underhand | Mars Le Moyne 'ud own de. prop'ty. In Europe women are now working
means, relying largely on assurance to | Yo', do baby, git sick. Missy tink | at ul these occupations in order that
carry bis point. When bis guests were | Mars: Lo Moyne poison yo. So she | men may be freed for trench service:
ready to depart he invited them all petend yo’ dald. She git a coffin. an’ Nursing, canteen cooking, automobil.
to remain ns a house party for as long | she All it with stones, an’ she sald to ing, taxi, train and trolley driving, ga
as they would. A dozen accepted, | me: ‘In_beah is de proofs dat my boy rage work, wireless, carpentering, ship-
among them Mr. St. Clair and Miss | 1s.not in de coffin. Yo'll know all | building, aeroplane construction, rail-
Archard., both secretly desiring to | about him, an’ on do Gf ob August, Way porters, baggagemen, conductors,
avall themselves of the opportunity to | }8—, yo' tell’ Nim who ho Is, Den bo | farm work, market, gardening, mail
‘be together. Lo Moyne was especially | Kin claim de plantation bis ownself.’ ”_| earriors, truck drivers, bank clerks,
urgent that St. Clair 6bould remain, | When the old woman finished, the | street sweepers, plumbers, elevator
promising bim every facility for enjoy- | lovers, whoso, eyes Lad been opening | runners, miners, builders, telegraph
ment. og wider with every word, looked at each meen, iden Shanes: butch.
oyne used his privileges as host | other in astonishment. ers, barbers, hotel cler otel mana-
"ae himself ih ult fides, drives ( “And this is the mystery that has ( gers, taxl” starters; billposters, boot-
and; other amusements to escort Miss | beon banging over mo all my life,” blacks, policewomen, night ‘watchmen,
Archard. Nevertheless he saw. that | said-Julian. : quarry workers, blacksmiths, metal
the moment she was free she and St. | “And I belleye it's all true,” added | Workers, bootmakers, bakers, munition
Clalr seemed to fall together natural- | the girl. clasping her hands and draw- work era, So Savin, Sasie Clugbm,
ly. One morning after breakfast St | ing a long breath. , | social relio An sry: C en-
Clair roturned to his room for some | “Well, ‘aunty, or, rather, my dear ir) Tsing So ectors, gas ri electrie
article of clothing and was hunting for | mammy, you've kept the: secret so Suv Go, auge Tuk: ro Oghters
. " PN
Rn the Qove A eu eps Songiikeep 15 onsen” ; ’ ' : : EY INE put in more than 5 acres of'fall wheat, have a talk with us, for wo have t
t / X 2 : LP Chicken Sandwiches. - tractor or horse implements that will do the job O. K.. : ok
It was more than a month later. of os. ol hy nd ; rm
% ? cold cooked chicken, moisten | Vo, your sons better implements to work an they will fi
when. one night Proctor Bt. Clair ap: [ Chop land with less work. Aegh PEL
poared as a restrrectionist on the hill | With white sauce or mayonnaise dress. | 107, its Oi BORK, 130-21 and we will sé you. a
near the plantation and took up wlit. [1h or season with salt and pepper and | oh ; " ed
tio coffin - with lead. In it were, { To with chicken stock or fuilk. 3 eRe
stones and tho proofs of the: identity [Butter thin slices of read, spread |
of the, child it was sup, con- | With the ae iatares than put 4 |.

 

 
 

 

 
  
  
   
  

 

  
  
        

    

    

  
     
   

  
   
  

  
  
  

The Tractor has pald us big on our farm. Why will It not pay i
mers of Basex County? Do not talk war, but produce. Maybe you will says:
“I'have not enough Iand to buy a tractor!” Don't you know your neighbors
have every year from 25 to 60 acres that is not cultivated?” Don't you.

these idle. acres would laugh with joy to be turned over with a

When the ground is hot and dry you can always harrow, work and drill your
grain In; you can also harvest, thresh and haul your grain to market, or
your feed grinder. / : :

This is the best time of, the. Jour to buy a tractor. If you are golng t

 
 

   
    
 
 

    

    
     

   

       
   
   
    
   
    
  
   
  
 
   
 
   
  

          

     
      
   
   
   
   

   
 
    
   
 

     
  
   
  

  
     
   
  
   
   

 

reau drawer, drop something in it and
retro hastily. as be had como. in. St.
Clafr, being in ho closet, had tot been

    
 
     

 

 

  
    
   

left the room ho went to the bureau
drawer and took out a small box con.
og ral I
Ho Swe Sel with or
horror and (ndignation. It
dent to bim that Le } :

 
   

      
 

 
