CIVIC TRADING IN,
.. FOOD AND FUEL |
v 1 : ! rats
Legislation giving municipalities the
right to go Into the business of stor-
ing and selling coal and all kinds of
foodstuffs will be gasued “. Lie prea:
Hone WV. D. McPherson haa y course | Impure blood, is an uytistion Ho
of preparation legislation extending sickness. The blood is at work ny |
“| the provisions of the Municipal Act to and Bien 1a Tuirnty thy healthy and
. any or pu |
give municipalities the necessary pow: | the. blood 18 8 wealress Le fred is
it munici fense against ease.  Angem
Pb hg TO ay he the doctor's name for lack: of blood.
Lieutenant-Governor-in-Councfl and There may be an actual logs’ in the

Must Provide Double Inspection Ac:
~  eommodation at Detroit.—May Re-
dleve Confusion—Chief Immigra-
tion Officer at the Border Provid-
“Ing for Canadian Traffic.
‘Transportation companies on water
ap) pe! was ao |and land alien Sitisons into
‘succebs, and he is doing nicely, | the United States, throug! otroit,
Ly, A Lindony and Ce move | Were notified by Chief Inspector Frick,

next week to Harlam, Fra atcity In charge of the local immigration’ bur-

Impure Blood Means heeding

or have it,

i. re Jiomach «strong, the liver active, the blood

the bowels ian and you will seldom
good care of these organs, t
anything wrong—promptly tak

you certainly ne
Be He ae th They auicdy estat

mal litions, 3 4 e

they have ‘a farm. - 5 éau at Detroit, {ae Lay TSaL ATO
mare | Will move to their property én Victoria | plans immediate Er more ni
| rescribed. for ‘Dotvowig. the. neces. of ts constituents. shay. be: Jecking, | Tee When they elt EE pen tn phe aa Las
pig pass li for. “buy- Its surest symptom is pallor. Anne. waSdC, tik 15m eo) Ig chiid re ire ids ifito effect May 1st.
ing, manufacturing and storing fuel, | mia is particularly common in: young | Monday. morning of last at the | These plans must be turncd over to
cereals, flour, bread, milk, butter, cggs, iris. It is not, however, ‘confined to home of {ts aronts om Talbht meee ‘Mr. Frick, who In turn will submit
and potatoes, and such other articles them alone, for it is this same lack of from aca ot peren and pneumonia. In. | them to the secretary of labor for ap-
of food us may be designated in the biood that prevents full recovery after |; oT Po Ince on Toda. morn. [proval, The Grand Trunk and: urifon
order-in-council, .and’ for _ selling ‘the’ In_grippe, fevers, malstin and oper {ye BLOCK Bl comatery, Kingsville, depots, Wigdsor and Walkerville ferry
same to dealers and residents In the ations. 1 1s Also pretgul = ou ake Rev. W. E. Donnelly officiating... _ | lines, Stevenson's dock (where Inde-
ey. mi Iso cover the Il aiel strain. If you are suf. | Ihe Basex Farmers’ Club has been pouleat stcagiers. Jud). and White
we ad od bint gn eee sit 0 Wi | eee wih Fag, Bec aS in psn
maintenance of depots, warehouses, liams’ Pink Pills for. Pale People. [1/4" ne) Whitney, troneuber hel: Toeptoior: STIR hon rerarnod. from
yards, machinery, ete. needed. Such {They make pure, new. blood ‘with! heorhtnes, Tuesday evening | conferring with United States Com-
bylaws will not have to have the every dose and this new blood means In the secretary's office, and- digas: | missfoner of Immigration Clark, at
assent. of the electors, but must have health and strength. Thousands matters of fmportance to the nas Montreal, in charge of the district
a two-thirds vote of the members of have proved the truth of these state community. P 5 E | that includes the border line from Hal
the council, and debentures Issued ents, Amon em Mee Jone Sa, Word was received here on Monday | fax to Vancowver, but he fs withhold-
shall be redeemable in not more than sko a 7 Saye: pH morning of last week of the death, [Ing detailed amnouncement of his plans
ten years. °F be A wns rn eaty ak own the day previous at his home in De. [for interpretimg the law in this dis-
= NDWICH condition,’ my Tept badly ot TT troit, of Vivian Vance, for many years trict, until hiis suggestions are ap-
NA : Suffered. from frequent headaches and | ,arell KIOWA residont of Enter.” Do. proved by Sle Soci diame
— pb [] ced,
Charged with a crime for which | found my housework an almost intal- [2% ol pas is ls isi ny Sern Mr. Frick. ge have made o sug-
Frank Triolet, 21 years old, of Sand-|erable burden; my appetite was poor, state for many years before.coming to | B¢stion that: will, if approved, relieve
wich, served a term in the Mimico {and I did not seem to assimilate the Bssex. He resided here for - confusion liooked for first in the In-
reformatory, Hector Ouellette, 19, of | food 1 took, altogether my condition forty years, moving to Detroit a ey spection off "those whose business car-
Sandwich, was ound, yo guy Rr: Somes SOT, BF ete Wis 2 floc years ago. In spite of his advanced | Ties them into Canadian ports at short
day afternoon at Sandwich. olet, | tor in our neigh rhoo eclded 101500, deceased enjoyed xcellent | intervals. I feel confident that my
who admitted in the witness box, that | give Dr. Willinms' Pink Pills a trial, till recen Ls Hong teal suggestion will be approved.”

he PE

as Nature intended. No ot 7 V i
the system, stimulate the liver, xe
Bl renghen  ukly improve the general ere ei as

eo Soxta for $3.50.
03 3
NATIONAL DRUG & OHEMIOAL

00. oF CANADA, LIMITED 1

Tue Echo
Published by
THE ECHO PRINTING €O., Limited
Amherstburg, Ont.

A W. MARSH,
Cm Suo'v-Treas

Friday, March 9, 1917.

In the Provincial Legislature, last
week, Mr. Wigle agked the following
question: 1. What Is the total capital
expenditure to date on the Whitby
Asylum land, bulidings and plant. 2.
Ave any further capital expenditures
contemplated. If so, to what amount.

OO TD

So RoE]

Col. S. R. Labatt, Chairman of the
Dominion Pensions Commission, ad-
dressing the Canadian Club at Lon-
don, Monday, sald that up to February
8th, 300 men had received pensicns
and 1,200 gratuities. . He estimated
that Canada’s annual pension bill
would be $20,000,000. There would
not be the waste which had character-
ized the pension history of the United
States, for in Canada the work was

positively ‘non-political.

A bill permitting Toronto to buy,
store and sell fuel and food wes intro-
duced in the Legislature on Friday
afternoon by Hon. W. D. McPherson.
It provides the city may acquire land,
erect buildings, establish, conduct and
maintain depots, stores, warehouses
and yards and) purchdse equipment.
Debentures to be issued are to be pay-
able in not more than 10 years, and
the by-law’authorizing the city to buy
and sell commodities must be passed
by a two-third. majority of all the
members of the ¢ity council. The art-
icles of food are to be designated by

order-in-council.

There were several dramatic fea-
tures In the Legislature last week
when Hartley Dewart spoke on the
Budget debate. He charged that three
lots in the heart of: the nickel belt
were staked and recorded on January
8th, 1916, by C. H. Hitchcock, mining
geologist of the Canada Copper.-Co.,
and an employee of that campany for
some years, four lots in the same
township, Blezard, were staked and
recorded on the samo date by J. C.
Nichols, also an employee of the Can-
adian Copper Co., while John E. Hodg,
of Minneapolis, between August, 1916,
and February;-1917, got 16 parcels of

"land, totalling 1,683 acres, at $3 per
acre. The charges of Mr. Dewart
formed his answer to the recnt state-
ment of Hon. G. Howard Ferguson
that not one acre of nickel-bearing
land had been granted by the Conserv-
ative Government and that the men
referred to by Mr, Dewart were “pri

vate prospectors,” ik
——

—The time limitsset for filling in
National Service Cards has been ex-
tépded to the 31st of March. It is
hoped that all males between the ages
of 18 and 60 who for any reason did
not comply with the first request will
now perform this voluntary patriotic
duty. Fresh cards and envelopes for

' this purpose may be obtained at all
post offices. The Information secured
from cards already sent in is being
used to good advantage in systematiz-
ing the distribution of labor which is
required in connection with. the short-
agetof men for the land, for other oc-
cupations and for the army. All'who
were careless or who may have pre-
viously ignored this National request,
now have an opportunity to reconsider
their position’ and show their loyalty
by filling in a card at the nearest post
office. No citizen of Canada can af-
ford to’ be indifferent in the present

fmergency.
yr —,

" MAY EXTEND POLL TAX.

The extension} of tha franchise ‘to
women of Ontarlo may mean an in-
crease in revenue to! many Ontario
munfcipalities. At the present time
municipalities have the right to im-
pose a poll tax of ong dollar upon
all men not otherwise taxed, and it
is stated that with adult suffrage in
force. municipalities may be given
the right to extend the poll tax to
cover women ns well, carrying out

daughter, Mrs. Henry Vigneus,

hie had committed no less than twelve
robberies, gave information to the po-
lice that'led to the arrest of Ouellette.
The charge against Ouellette wos for
assisting Triolet in breaking.into and
robbing the cash box of a Clifnese
laundry at Sandwich four years ago.

te —

PELEE ISLAND.

In the Provincial Legislature, last
week, among the petitions that were
received and read were the following:
O! the Township Council of Pelee,
praying that an act may pass author-
izing the borrowing of money for the
purpose of constructing an office and
residence for a physician. Of the
Township Council of Pelee, praying

the Public School Board to expend the
McCormick Public Trust Fund 4n the
erection of. school buildings.

)

KINGSVILLE.,

Jolin Coghill and family camecback
from Alabama last week and are in
thelr own home once more. They
report a very pleasant sojourn south
althogh the weather was said to be
the coldest experienced there for very
many years.

Stanley R. Fox, of the 1st’ contin-
gent that left Kingsville, was wounded
in the knee some time ago and taken
to hospital, after,some months of con-
valence fell and broke his leg and fs
now in hospital again, and will be

there for some time.
- % —

SANDWICH EASL.

Mrs, Victoire Reaume; widow of F.
X. Reaume, a prominent farmer and
horse-breeder of Sandwich East, who
died 12 years ago, passed away at the
home of her daughter, Mrs. William
Buckley, 553 McClelland avenye, De-
troit, early Sunday morning. Death
was hadtened by grief over the loss of
who
dled at Montreal three months: ago.
She was one of the first pupils of old

St. Mary's academy before the insttu-!

tion took up its present quarters, Mrs.
Reaume completed her 70th year on
January 24th last. Surviving her are
six sons and two daughters. They
are: Mrs. J. B. Quenneville, of Stoney
Point; Albemy, of Sandwich East;
Edward, Clement, Fred. and Raymond
Reaume, -and Mrs. Buckley, Mrs,
William F. Mafsonville, of Sandwich
East, and Ell Janisse, of Detroit, are
sister and brother; respectively.
—_—
GOSFIELD SOUTH.
Harry Knight, white, with a colored
wife, was arrested at 2 am. Saturday
by Sergt: Frank Cade and Patrolman
Harry Shiffield, when they raided his
house at 3% Catarqui street, Wind-
sor, on the assumption that he was
running a “blind pig.” The policemen
found eight bottles of beer. This, they
explain, would not be sufficient for a
conviction, but they say“they plan to

‘| produce a witness who bought liquor

in the place, Knight was in the lime-
light a few.months ago, when he was
tried at Sandwich on a charge of
stealing chickens. He was acquitted,
but on regaining his liberty was [m-
mediately taken in charge by thie po-
lice and ordered imprisonedion a for-
mer indictment of alleged neglect of
his children.

——— re

COLCHESTER SOUTH.

Zion,

and I have much cause to be thankful
that 1,did so, as In a few weeks I
could feel a great change for the bet-
ter. I continued the use of the pills
for .gome time longer, and found a
complete cure, | I feel better than I
have for years and can therefore cheer-
fully recommend Dr. Williams’ Pink
Pills to all who are weak and run
down."

You can get these pills from any
dealer in medicine or by mail at 50
cents a box or six boxes-for $2.50
from The Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co,
Brockville, Ont.

~ WINDSOR.

Lleutenant-Colonel A. G.
was gazetted Brigadier-general Mon-
day In thewofficial publication of the
Canadian Government. One of six
brothers serving in the armies of the
Britlsh=% Empire, Brigadler-General
Panet has been in the Imperial army
30 years. He was awarded the distin-
guished conduct medal, and the order
of St. Michael and St. George.
Germany declared war on Great Brit-
ain, General Panet was visiting his
brother fn Windsor. . In the order of
promotion was a notation that he
would in future have command of an
“Anzac” brigade in France,

The death occurred: Tuesdny morn-
ing of John Kerr, at his home,
Church street: Mr. Ketr was 74 years
of age. He was born in Peebles, Scat.
land, and was one of a family of
eleven children. At an carly age he
came to Canada and in 1870 was mar-
ried to. Jane Wood, danghter of the
late Andrew Wood, of Windsor. Mr,
Kerr: was prominent fn ‘fraternal. ¢iy-
ales in Windsor and was a charfér
member of Milne Lodge, Ancient Or-
der of United Workmen. Surviving
are the following sons and-daughters:
John Kerr, Ford City; Mrs. Hugh Wig.
le, Essex; Mrs. James" Ellis; Maid-
stone, and * Mms, "Walter Donaldson
and Gordon A. Kerr, of Windsor, Two
brothers, Peter Kerr, of Birmingham,
Mich; and Robert Kerr, of Milton, N.
D., also survive.

Panet, |
PN e
that an Act may pass to authorize the | brother of Barrister A. P. E. Panet,

When |

76 |

well ‘advanced in years, is in very poor
health at present. Their only son,
Claude, resides in Detroit. Interment
took place in Detroit on Tuesday af-
ternoon.

en,

MERSEA.

Alvin Derbyshire left last week for
Harper hospital, Detroit, where he
will undergo an operation on his eyes,
which have been giving him much
trouble for the past two years. His
affliction has caused him great expend.
iture trying to get relief. It is hoped
the operation. will prove a success,
and that a permanent cure will be
flected.

The many fricuds of Mrs. Lewis
Setterington, 1st con., Mersea, were
shocked to, learn of her sudden death
Monday evening of Inst week. She had
just recovered from confinement and
had been up and around the hause,
comparatively smart, but was seized
with an attack of heart failure Mon-
day evening, to which her, demise was
due. She was the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs: Wm. Campbell, of Leaming-
ton, and In her 33rd year. Besides
ler husband she leaves three sons,
Russell, aged 13; L. B., 5 years, and
Mack, an Infant two weeks old.. Five
brothers and two sisters are also sur-
vivors, George Campbell, of Windsor;
John, 1st con., Mersea; Jacob, Leam-
ington; > Forest, 1st con,, Mersen;
Gerald, nt home; Mrs. John Wigfleld,
of Wesley, and Mrs. Robert Leslie,
Leamingtons” The funeral service was
held at Hillman church Wednesday

afternoon, interment following in Lake-

view’ cemetery.
S-—

GOSFIELD NORTH.

Lightning on Friday morning last
struck. the barn .on W. H. Malott's
farm, tearing off the gable- end: of
the bullding- The bullding I§ equip-
ped with lightning rods, and Mr. Ma-
lott considers that the rods saved
the building from being destroyed.

Mr. and Mrs. David Kennedy, who

Making two visits to the Japanese [have been spending the winter with

Inn, Sandwich East, Monday, License

|
Inspector .M. N..Moussenu and Pro-

vincial Officers Smith and Hanna, of
Windsor,
and arrested three women and three
men. The first rald was planned be:
cause the authorities heard that Fran-
cis Miernicki, proprietor of the hotel,
was violating th: Ontario Temperance
Act. When the “wet” goods were
seized the officers noted the presence
of the frequenters, and returned with
a warrant for their arrest. The wo-
men gave thelr names as Mra. Ella
Hicks, 24 years old, Detroit; Gladys
Fralick, 19, no address, and Blanche
Willlams, .20, Toronto. The men are
Harry Hicks, who stated that he was
the husband of Mrs. Hicks! and Fred.
and Alphonse’ Broullet, brothers, of
| Tecumseh. - They were chaged Tues-
day With frequenting a disorderly.
louse, while Miernicki may face two
charges, of violating the Temperance
Act and running a’.disorderly place.
A protty house wedding was that of
Miss Ethel-Jcssle Thomson, daughter
of City Treasurer James R. Thomson
and” Mrs, Thomgon, and William A.
White, son of Mr. and Mrs, Henry B.
White, of Necedah, Wisconsin, which
took place at 8.20 o'clock on Thursday
night at the home of the bride's par-
ents, 68 Church avenue. The color
scheme of pink and white Was carried
out ‘in the house decoratfons and the
gowns. The ceremony was performed

seized 175 hottles of beer |

|

{thelr daughter, Mrs, Russell Haggins,

left on Monday for thefr home fn Man-
atarls, Sosk.—A very exciting time oc-
curred-on the 7th concession Wednes-
doy night of last week when Joseph
Phillips was retutning héme from his
brother's, “who lives on the Orton
side road. Some.of the neighbors see-
Ing him and thinking he was a Ger-
man, alarmed the whole neighborhood
and It took some explanation to con-
Vince them that it was only a ‘peace
loving citizen of the township,

Wesley Trimble, son of! Wm. Trim-
ble, of Gosfield North, came home on
Tuesday of last week with a disease
which “has “been. diagnosed as small
pox. Wesley has been employed for
some time past in the 'C., P. R. for
warding office in Windsor, and when
ft was sgon that he was suffering with
smallpox” the Windsor officers were
notifledy. and they Investigated mat-
ters ny
the other clerks in the office ‘were
Infected with the same disease. The
Gosfield” North authorities have pla‘
carded Mr. Trimble's premises- and’
are taking all precautions possible to
confine the disease to the one house.

Cottam.’

Wm. Doane is Ill with an attack of
rheumatic fever—George, (nfant son
of Harry Clifford, Is fll with bronchial
pneumonia.—Norman Bunn and bride,
of West Lorne, are visiting with the
Queen families here—David Hess has

\Vindsor, finding that some of |,

Notice served on ithe Detroit and
Windsor Ferry Company by the Gov-
ernment calls attention to the fact
that almost douse the present space
must be provided, at’ ithe dock for the
pew inspection work. Passengers en-
tering Detroit at thiis point will be
landed in a large @nclosure and in-
spected as they pase ont through the
turnstiles. At least half @ dozen new
Inspectors wil be needed iin the work.

RUTHVEN.

The price of live hogs: ‘reached the
highest price ever known. here last
week, when $14.26 per hundred was
pald by local buyers. Potatoes still
keop climbing and . retmil at $2.75 a
bushel, but fresh eggw will soon take
a tumble to 26 cents a dozen, it is
predicted. —Wild geese have made
their appearance at whe lake here in
large numbers, which is regarded as a
sure sign of an early Ibrenk-up, Many
of them can now be meen a: the east
side of Point Pelee, wihere there is al:
ways a large body off open water for
them.—Rev. Chas. Herrington, Baptist
minister, who was welll known through-
out this district, and who was born
and raised at Kingsvillle, died at his
home at Fenton, Micki, In his 80th
year, He had held many appoint-
ments in Canada, hifs last being at
Dutton, where he had atharge of the
Baptist cliarch there. Fumeral services
were conducted at Fentom, - Mich —
Mrs, Henry Bolton, mother of Station
Master P. G. Bolton, of this place, dled
at the-ome of her gon Martk, at James-
town, North Dakota, on Monday of
last week, nged 78. P. G. Bolton left
here to attend his mather's funera).—
The members of the. Oddfellows’ lodge
held their annuah oyster supper and
entertainment in their hall here on
Thursday evening of last week. A
program of music mnd speeches wns
given.—Owners of maple trees are
making preparations to tap the trees
In a few days. This {s almost certain
to be a banner year for making large
quantities: or Syrup of a first-class
quality. —@wners of greenhouses have
started wowing thelr cabbage seed.
The demand for early cabbage has
been increasing each year, and many
acres: willibe devoted to the growing
of theem here this 8eason.—The mil.
lions, ©f crows, which have been near
here wll winter, have had o very diff
ficult itime finding enough food. They
have mow changed their ‘tactics and
have mtarted something new, which fg
to mttack the apple and peach trees,
devouring all the buds In sight. A
fewr ‘shots from a Run soon scatters
tlhem so that go far they have done
little damage to the trees. a

This district for banner crops of all
Swason {is the slogan which is being
pesised along here, nnd everybody is
apparently going to see that he does
his best. The Eirls, too, will see who
can grow the Ibest crops In this part of
the Dominion; Every square foot of
ground will bi: utilized and many lots
which have been lying idle for years)” |

ed:

Recruits Wanted |
for Production

Just as surely as lack of food is strangling Germ
day by day, so plenty of foods winning the victory
for theallies. The French armies, forinstance, were
never better fed than now, for France cannot forget
the awful lesson of 1870—the failure of her food
supply. To this she attributed theloss of that war.

To feed the French soldiers around
500,000 pounds of food a week wi
faintidea of the colossal task of fe
Britain havea hugearmy of fight
_ man MUsT have plenty of food,
“Upon Canada's food productio

any

EE = 2 EX

as

Verdun, more than 25,-
cre required. This gives a
edinganarmy. Canada and
ing heroes on the line ; every
in spite of a world shortage,
n all principally rely. ;

The Farmers of Ontario
Urgently Need Help

The Department of Agriculture appeals to me:
enlist in the farm help campaign. The De;
to. men unfit for military service,
enlist in the army.
production of foodstuffs. This

The farmers of Ontario need
me folldwing no occupation
can spare a portion of their time.

their ordinary affairs
farmer friend, particularly in seed ti

Confer with your count
Department of Agricult
paign,” care Department of Agricul

nand boys to
partment appeals
orwhofinditimpossible to
“bit” by helping toincrease
is your hour of opportunity.

the help of retired farmers, of
), of business men who
We appeal to all who
to plan to help some
me and harvest.

y District Representative of the
¢, “Farm Hel
ture, Toronto.

Do your

(retired

€an so arran

ure, or writ p Cam- -

Ontario Department of Agricul

W. H. Hearst, Minister of Agriculture
Parliament Buildings

ture

) } # if
ee A)

Town Treasurer's Sale of

MUNICIPALITY OF TR

TOwN oF AMNERSTRORG, Ld ® Jrarrant issued by

TO WIT: of th
tember, in the yoar of Our Lord One Th
mandiog me to levy upon the sovers]
pectively duo thereon, togesher with
arrears and costs are sooner paid, I shall
much thero,f us may hm NOCOFRATY fi

Town Hall of Amherstburg, aforesaid. ou

ans for 1

“| at tho hour of Ten O'Clock fn the merning,

Year Lot or Part of Lots
1907

the principle of equal privileges and
equal, responsibilities. The point has |
not ‘been left, with otlier® debatable

The Home Department of the Sun- by Rev. W. E. Pescott, pastor of Cen.
guy Bolin) met at the home of Mrs. [tral Methodist church. The bride
/m. Rawson on Thursday of Inst | wore a fluffy gown of white net over
Russroms a aton Jao Tinh oO weelt—Alex.  Geauvreau continues | White silk and carried bride's roses
roperty—for future consideration. '|*Pout.the same.—Miss Jessie Rawson | and valley lilies, She did not wear a
proper 5 spent the week-end LY her home here. a Ao mavey, Her bridesmaid, Miss
3 Ig Te | —Mr. an rs. H. L. Hedges are na Thomson, a sister, was attired
EASTER RAILWAY RATES, spending some time visiting relatives | in. pink ‘crepe. de chine and carried
[n Haldimand county.—Miss Eva Wil | roses. James Ward, of Windsor, was
lan spent over Sunday at her home In | best man. Miss Margaret , Thomson
Wheatley. —Ed. Stead has secured a |of Toronto, a cousin of the bride,
{Job at the Ford plant, Ford City. An | was at the plano. Mr. and Mrs. White
awful drift of country folks to the |left on a tri to the cast. a
city, which shouldn't be. “Stay on the |. For viola 08 the order-in-couneil,
farms “boys and try and bett the | authorized by the Canadian Govern-
conditions.—Fred. Paine in sellf On enemy. aliens, poy-

dation, ‘admitting that ot its meeung|®iock and feed Austria. were heavily

> ‘fined in Windsor police court Friday
early jm Peblumty: oe Eagtorn Cavan north of Wheatley.—~Lewis Geauvreau | morning by Magistrate Leggatt, the

: oa has moved hin ng $426.50. The men had
the lubes po inlon Rall re. | Where his house burned, and will live | been living at Montreal, and loft that .
duced rates which might result in op. [10 it until ie can rebull | eity for Wi ithout permission | gave up his po
a Tam prein boriot rerult in. ex: from the police. The men were each |and will move baal
ncinded all provious legislation. on fined $66, including costs, i8th_.con. ,. Mr.

except. ong, |:
Special or reduced fares Ere

who paid’ $20.50. They pleaded ignor- property in the"
2 | ance, but the court refused to accept [Moore —Mrs. G
'/ When Kent county police officers
is{ted, the farm of the Radnor sisters

" fine migh
Alma, th three horses,
RA att. ound ree lorses,

sold his house and lot. in, Cottam to
William Hillier, of Albuna, for $3,000.
Mr. Hillier gets Immediate possession |;
and will move to same this week.—
Joseph Lamarsh, wife and children,
who have been visiting relatives here
for the past two months, will leave on
the 12th inst. on thelr return to their
home in Anglin, Alta:—Isanc Jackson
and fam(ly have moved to their farm
In the 9th concession. Wes. McClel-
dand and wife will move Into.the prop-
erty being vacated by Mr. Jackson.—
Mrs. George Haskell, of Detroit, visit-
od at the Lome of her parents, Mr, |
Aid Mrs. R. Avery, Juat woek, and on
‘her return on Sunday SRR a
fed. by her fatlier, who 1s spending thell ,. WM: Hyland has gold his fapm In
Wook In th oherrawho 18 Speiding th 0 Meh concoasion of Colchester
has b arge. of: the

5

row man,
of favorite brands. Al Indicailong 1s

this district point to this boyy, a

long to be remembered ag re od
time when everybody put his shoulder
to the wheel and grow crops of all
kinda that will break the records of

Gosfleld South.
+ COLCHESTER NORTH.

om

Usual Reduction is Likely to be Al-
= lowed. . .

For some days past-the report that
the: railway companies would not
make ‘the usunl Easter reduction this
year has been the source of ‘much
anxiety. Railway officials state, how:
over, that the report is without ‘foun:

=

mE@D
BREESE
SER3B=REEEBL NTE

S005 120305031315 £5 hk, Sic)

FEnsUE nam paze

C1
(od

BEaEE
ESHSsEsEses

22a
SRSSS)

EE EE
i

EE alt 1 SR

1S APPROACHING 400,000

——

HY
BESERE ats

sas

i

2 ama
» ZI; Em,

| | tions continued.
Canada enlisted 3.298 men in the NDSOR—
Inst two weeks of February. The WH a report

Boobants
=SSesase

; Gt
HEEHEE
-E8)

TE on BE

ontred

ncrensed if the
The fines were paid. | tow days before in»
GOIM | sage that Edward
HT a SR RE PT ol ad TY
flec condition | month was 7,530, an | "riot Ld r
nfs a: lied» sin fn increase ofud2s men over tho preced- Vindaor ‘Sunday 5 va Juss) an py —4 Ae on
without. male] Toponte district has or trance to the home of “Richard Arm. |bert Helklo on
Ge DE a on th lon prod ed Bagi strong, Heaven and. To. | iat week: when
ayere {recruiting in two weeks 1,156 man. [+ ren anol oud Armstrong's
pre- | Was 4 poor second with’ : Jer ye. |
[368, Kingaton and th Prov tA terribly

ELLE]

goss
ii
th

Em
ad

2,
Pi

 
