 
   

     
   
  
  
 

Tue EcHO

Published by
THEECHO PRINTING 00., Limited
Amherstburg, Ont.
J. A. AULD, A.W, MARSH,

PRESIDENT. 8ko'v- TREAS

“Friday, September 21, 1917.

     
  
 
 
  
  

   
 

For hanging any Curtain, such as muslin, net, lace or

velour, we recommend for service the “Kirsch.” It is
made flat with single or double brackets to match. Bring

  
    
 

   
 

 

in your window measurements or we will call and make

 

Federal politics are beginning to
warm up in Essex county. A sugges-
tion was made, in some quarter, with-
ont a definite knowledge of conditions
in the county, that two acclamations
should be allowed—the Liberal candl-
date, 'W. C. Kennedy, in the North,
and the Conservative candidate, who-
ever he might be, in the South. In
reply to this suggestion, Wm. Wool-
Jatt, president of the North Essex
Conservative Association, hastens to
place himself on record as opposed to
acceptipg such a suggestion. Mr.
Woollatt stated he had the very high-
est regard for Mr. Kennedy, but the
Conservative party could not be ex-
pected to endorse his candidature
while his leader, Sir Wilfrid Laurier,
was opposed to conscription. Con-
servatives in South Essex are also not
taking the suggestion seriously, but
are busy getting ready for a party
fight. Last issue of the Leamington
Post, which favors W. T, Gregory as a

them for you.

  
    

  
     
 
 
 
 
 
   
    
    
   
   

BISSELL CARPET ‘SWEEPERS—Still the favorite ;in

fact it is the only sweeper that has stood the 2 o!
3.5

MANY YEAS  ....ootoransnonsesesess

 

 

LINOSHINE—The best finish for Linoleums. It often
adds 100 per cent. to the life of linoleum and will re-

vive an old one. Various sized cans. ..30¢, 50¢, $1 can

  
   
         

  
  
 

 

[artshorn

SHADES—Good quality, hand made cloth and I
36 inches

rs; can be readily adjusted and put up;

rolle
: "0 TE. 20 i= win-the-war candidate, says editorial-
wide by 72, 73e3 36x84, Sac. ly;—*“The executive of the South Es-
sex Conservative Association met at
Essex the latter part of the week to
rE EET p- consider the question .of selecting a
candidate T08 She approaching Federal
i ~ " I 51.20 elections. ut twenty persons were
MOPS—"0 C edar”, the best mop.......-- $ present and it {8 understood that, their
A can of oil free with one of these mops. choice fell on Dr. bejem of ther Fawn
— ; : % ; "Rosi eR INE pes ef 29 of Essex, who recently returned from
Wizard Oil Mop, a good one for......... or: 2 England where he went as medical
Oiled, Dustless Dusters, regular 25¢...... Than OL = for Zo¢ officer of the 99th Battalion. It is un

derstood that Dr. Brien, ‘owing to the
poor condition of his health and a de-
sire to return oversens, declined the
proffered nomination. The matter,
however, was left open for a stated
period.” .

a eee

ESSEX COUNTY FARR.

Fewer Entries But a Splendid Fair—
Perfect Weather—Large Crowds,

All above on sale, 2nd Floor.

Bitlet, Macdonald & Gow

LIMITED.
9-11-13 Sandwich St. East and 16 Ouellette Ave.

WINDSOR. I
RR I NII INN

 

foefortocfeafectecfeefeciosfraferteofosforfeforfeciecissfenfortrofrrfecicfecfurfececfrafactocfosforiefecircfrefeciofrobrelenied

 

 

 

  
 

The great lack of feed throughout
the county the past year had a very
serious effect upon tha fiumber of ex-
hibits of horses, cattle and swine at
Essex County Fair, whicn was held
on Tuesday, Wednesday end Thurs-
day of this week at Esiex. As one
old time exhibitor tersely expressed
It: “No oats, no horses” and Le
might have added: “No corn, no

CREAM SEPARATOR

You cannot go wrong by buying a DeLaval,
] entries below, there was a remark-

. + :

Melotte, or Lilly. See them at our Garage. lable falling off in all classes of api
mals, ,

Otherwise the Falr was a remark-
ible, Success. The directors beat the
weatherman guessing ° this. year by
putting their dates’ a week earlier
than usual, and chose three of the
most beautiful days this fall. As a
consequence the crowd was immense,
the gate receipts second day being

© Macdonald & Son, Harrow. |e,

A 1916 1917

focfoefortorfeefocdecfectecforfertocfecfesforforiosforfecioofectocfenfertecfenfecfoofecfocfontecierferfefodecds

 
  

 

 
 

  
   

McCormick Farm Implements are best.
Let us demonstrate Overland Car, Model

  
        
      
     
 
  
     
 
 
   
  
  
 
  
  
   
   
  
 
   
 
  
  
    
  
 
     
     
        
        
 

  

go—32 horse pawer. =

 

     

 

 

PELEE ISLAND. ANDERDON. HOTSEB Jr 2 Wa bis nnn on» 249 100
Cattle .. e100 50

ay ; 0 stor of St. oy — 4 Swine .. 135 70
Rev. M. J. Ryan, the pastor © Fair concert—Town Hall, Oct. 2nd. ys 10a

     
  

John the Baptist’ church, Amherst-1 Sunday visitors at’ Israel Renaud's
burg, paid a visit to Pelee Island last | vere Mr. and”Mrs. C. Lamirande, Mr.
Sunday.. The Catholics of the island | ;nd Mrs. J. Drouillard, of Ecorse, and
turned out in goodly numbers to at-|A. Beneteau ¢and two children,
tend mass at thelr church. With his |gugene and Willie Renaud, of Detroit. ltural
usual thoroughness and business-1ike | “Mrs Printz and son, of Detroit; Hortic ultural
attention to nffairs, Father Ryan call | rank and Mack Bailey, of Walker- King Arts ....
ed a meeting of the men of the con-|,jle, were guests at Edwin Balley’s, La isa Work at
gregation to. confer with them about |3unday. Miss Tena Bailey, of Harper Childrens’ Dept
. ways and ‘means of Improving the [iospital, called to see her parents

£220 18%
130 © 124

Dalry Products
Canned Fruits, &
Plants, &c. ...
Agricultural
«273-301

+ 130 91

Konzen took an active part in thel fsrael Renaud received a letter
meeting and ot his suggestion GIL last week {rom his son Edmond, who
Ouellette was elected chairman of the lis now in an English hospital suffer-
“hurch ‘Improvement Association. Alling from a broken arm, five broken
together Fr. Ryan's visit will do much (ribs, and : ther severe bruises, the re-

to put new life and energy into the |gult of falling from his horse.
Pelee Island section of the .parish. The Directors of the A, A. & MM.
Following. are the prizes in the Agricultural Socfety have attached the
“Corn” and “Domestic  Sclence De-| following conditions to the special
partment” of the School Fair, the|prize’ of $25.00 donated by A. H.
Books ‘of Which were mislaid when the | Clarke, K.C., M. P., to the Union Fair:
other part of the prize list was ¢op- | Ten dollars for the best: display of
4 fed: —Corp—S5 eurs Billey—Catl Rie- | vegetables, fruits, field grains, roots
ger, Adam Rinkel, Eva Lucas, Ruth | and seeds from Anderdon; ten dollars
Carter, Vernon Cramer, John Lucas. |for the best display of same from
Single -ear Bailey—Carl Rieger, Robt: | Malden, and $5.00 Sweepstakes for
Carter, John Lucas Vernon Cramer. |the best one of all thie displays, these
5 ears W. C. Y. D.—Carlellus Quick, "specials not to compete.in any other
Velva Lucas, Ernest Scott, Allen department. Grain and.seeds to be
Feltz, Alfred Atton. Single ear W. C.|shown in pint jars; roots and vege:
Y. D.—Velva Lucas, Bren Sontt) “Hf fables gix of os fruits six of each.
tton. Five oars fsconsin No.|and {Ff grain {8 shown in sheaf, the )
Ire Pollard. Ten ears Sotden sheaves not to exceed 6 inches in a Todnesdas,
Bantam—Garnet Watt, Renelda Pol- | dinmeter. os LP |

lard, Leroy Jupp. Domestic Sclence— Zl ING 4 s A The Dine
rd , Hazel MeGREGOR. prize; was won by the Bowie children
Crochet yoke—Annie L. Bottom. Haz - npug grandpurpnts, The bab,

opal Ina = McCormick, Florence repre :
Siipeos. Kathryn McCormick. Tat, The banns ofy Miss L. Droulllard, sfiow in the afternoon was judged b

ni handkerchief—Hazel ['dnughter of Ferdine Drouillard, and lasses Lottie Humber, “Lena Iler.an
UAE edge Pressed doll—Florence | Denis Levack ere published in the | Carmen Robinson, the prize bein

Simpson, Bertha Rieger, Grace Bot-|R. C. church on Sunday. awarded: to Mrs. Carl Jennings

ht Jennie Fisher. Embroidered) Clevis Gagnon has leased the Mc. | months old child,

doflies—Yelva Lucas, Bessie Rinkel, | gregor hotel, and is preparing to open

ure. Ap-|it this week. : In additional to the follows, Tuesday afternoon:
Barbara JRinkel, Mary McCl P 2.30 Class.

but most particularly on Fair» days

evidenced off every hand,—the wel
dressed people, the streams of autoes
and general air of happiness and con

in a community whose every prospec

       
 
    
 
 

from the minimum of effort.’

 
  

  

  

attractions was. a school children’

            
   
     
   
   
 
   
     

 

 

   
   

 

 

  

  
    
    
    
    
    
    
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
   
     
   
     
 
  
  
  
 
   
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
   

 

    
   
 

   
     
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  

   

  

    
  
     
   
     
 
    

 

2 e—QGladys Jupp, Luella @arter, usual line he i{s*Installing pool tables, | :

la. ie emg Scott, Florence [etc. : Fred. Steel, HOR... =... i 1
Simpson, Beulah Lidwill Pumpkin | Mrs. Denls_Souligny "wis called to Gossiper, Coulson ..... a
ple—Gladys Jupp, Orena McInnis, Lily | Tecumseh to*pttend the funeral of Hillier Kal T. Allen. . 3 3

. Scott. Lemon ple—Shirley Vander |her sister Mrs. O'Donnell, who dled Time—2.22%, 2.243%

*  dasson; Hazel Fleming, Glndys Jupp, [in Hotel Dieu Tuesday. = Both are g Stake Race.

* Yona McCormick, Ellen Pollard. Pint dnughters of the late John Caza, of [Olinda Bell, E. Marchand... 1.1
‘Quince Jelly—Gladys Jupp. “Half | Comber. Dan. Watson, F. Brown.:... 2 2
sn. cookles—May McClure, Gladys Ambrose Gagnon died Wednesdy | Dew. Dick, 6 Crumb. ... 33

Time—2:60, 2.491%, 2.50.
Five entered the potato race—Cla
ence Colenutt, Alfred Bondy, W. Gred
way, O. McFadden, F. Switzer,

  
   

morning at the home of his sonvMax-
ime, aged about 73 years. He had been
in failing health for some time. In
addition to tlie son mentioned above,
he {8 survived by one daughter, Mrs,

Ed. Boismier, of Windsor, and the fol. | Carence Colenutt Ist and O. McFa
den 2nd.

p, Madeline Watt, Minnie Feltz,
~ Velva Lucas, Ella Reh. Layer cnke—

' ys , Jupp, Inn McCormick, Vélva
Kathryn McCormick, = Olive
en, Emmno Bundy. © Hall
‘home made candy—Florence

, Luella Carter, Helen E.|lowing sons: Joseph, Ovila and

Carter, Ardelle: Vanderdasson, Mar- | Clovis, of this place; William, of Mont-
‘garet McClure, Gladys Jupp. The
Patriotic Button money amounted to

$5.24.

 
  

 
 

   
   
   
  

   

  
  
    
 

   
 
  
   

takes places to-day (Friday.)

———

TOWN OF ESSEX.

 

erally reflected the season.

 

 
   

  
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
 
   

Totten lett Wednesday to enter upon
a two years’ course at McDonald Col
J1ege, Guelph.

4 John Elsey was called to Mt. For-
est Sunday, owing to the death of his
sister, who had been fll for a short
time with typhoid fever. A “brother
Is, also critically ill with the same}

showing in all lines, and were moi

  
  
    
 
   

 

district who went to a great deal

 

it in to help the show.

 

     
 

 

  
 
 

1917 inent positions on the walls, drawin not bo. takes tho barn or

§ | favorable comment, Yo
tr ‘The corn show was light, as

Iding was well
Sled by

was won amid much excitement by

The exhibits generally were good,

Notwithstanding that ft fs an off

Misses’ Liliam Beaman and Grace | year for fruit, Judges Coatsworth and
Hilborn found a really croditable

than pleased and surprised at the in-
terest evidenced by the people of the

trouble to gather their best and bring

Ladies’ Work and Fine Arts out
disease. - shone even that ot the Western Falr.
Miss Dyer, the departmental judge,

=n found so many pleces of merit that it ditt LT g
TENDERS FOR DRAINS: di i tic rh is eit
| Dl Oil paintings of W. D. Beaman, the |the large amount of straw it is weeks |

yeteran secretary of the Fair, and | later than usual . Unfortunate)
John M. Kay, one of Gosfield North's | heavy rains two weeks ago Hooded the ;

|New

i Sin bas not yet come to maturity.

Fair concart—Town Hall, Oct, 2nd.
Fred. Gerard has rented Mrs, Wm.

Mickle's farm, river front.

Claire Dengau leaves this week to

"attend the O. A. C. at Guelph.

Lewis Barron and family spent the
woek-end visiting relatives in Wind-

BOT.

Mr. and Mrs. Evarigte Primeau, of
Datel spent Sunday at Demos Lang:
lois’.

Lewis Marontate returned to his
home in Windsor after a two weeks’
holidpy at Lewis Barron's.

Mr. and Mrs. Ellis Marontate, of
Detroit, spent over Sunday with the
former's uncle, Theo. Marontate.

Mr. and Mrs. Fred. Mickle and Mr.
and Mra, Curtis Mickle motored to
London last week to take in the Fair.

D. A. Ouellette left Monday on a
round of deparmental judging, taking
In the Stratford, Springfield and other
fairs.

During the past week McDonald &
Son, of Harrow, sold five-passenger
Overland cars to H. BE. Bratt and An-
toine Jubenville.

Reginald Jukes has enrolled at the
0. A. C., Guelph, for a three years’
course. He expects to leave for the
Royal City to-day (Friday.)

Mrs. Elmer Renaud and son Clar
ence returned home Sunday after
spending two weeks at her father’s,
and with other relatives in Malden. |}

Walter Atkin has been informed
that his application for.aviation corps
is under consideration. "He reported
at Toronto on Tuesday for examina
ation.

The Epworth League will meet in
Tuesday evenings in the future, n-
stead of Sunday evenings. Both old
and young are Invited to attend these
helpful services.

The council 18 advertising In this
issue for the Collison Sideroad drain,
and’ also for the concrete bridges
over same and a concrete bridge on
the front. See advt. on another page.

The Junior Department of the Am-j
herstburg Fair is arousing much in-
terest among the pupils and teachers
of Amherstburg, Anderdon and Mal-
den. Parents should encourage chil-
dren In-every way to exhibit.
Services in the Malden Methodist
L¢hurch next Sunday at 11.30 and”7.30,
Morning subject: “The Hearing Ear";
evening: “Making Playthings of Jew-
els.” Let everyone make an effort to
attend these services.

The guests of Mr. and Mrs. C. W,
Braun, Sunday, were Mr. and. Mrs.
Ross Collison and children, of Col:
chester; Mr.- and Mrs. Collier Hunt,
of Malden; Mrs. Victor Hunt and som
Wilfrid, of Amherstburg, and Miss
Lillian Amlin, of Anderdon.

All the schools of Malden were vis-
ited on Monday by the President ‘of
the A., A. & M: Agricultural Society;
who distributed programs, entry sheets
and free tickets for the Juvenile Fair
in Amhersaburg, Tuesday, October
2nd, in connection with the Union
Fair. The pupils are entering into
this work with enthusiasm, and no
doubt Malden will be well represented
in the prize lists, The teachers here
this year are:—No. 1, Miss Ethel
Booth, of Wallaceburg; No. 2, Miss |,
Ena Shepley, of Amherstburg; No. 3,
Miss Laura Cree, of Amherstburg;
No. 4, PB. P. McCallum, of Rodney;
No. 5, Miss Schnekenburger; - No,
6, F. W. Johnson; of Kent; No, 3A,
Miss Josie Bouffard!”6f Malden; No.
3B, Miss Edna Coyle, of ‘Anderdon.

On Monday evening Inst about one

 

 

69 68 | hundred friends of Reginald Jukes met
201° 449 1at he home of Mr. and Mrs. Norman

Atkin, to bid him farewell before his
departure for the O. A. C: The even-

475 495 ing was delightfully spent in games,
... 28 162|music and social conversction. Dur.
Miscellaneous .....u...... 28 30 | ing the evening Percy P. McCallum

church property on the {sland. Frank | ¥ednesday. > 2530 . Teil expressed the sentiment of the gather-

ing and community in the deep regret

Essex Fair is like big family gath-| af Reginald's departure, who has won
ering, where everybody knows every-|for himself a highly respected name
body else, and this fs; {ts particulbr land who has been an active church
charm The Directors: are always | worker. His loss will be deeply felt,
well chosen, lending active and hearty | especfally as a choir leader, where he
support not only throughout the year | has proven himself worthy of the

, fliighest praise, and wished him God

and ft has grown into a solid county | speed and sdécess, to ‘which Reginald
institution that becomes better every | replitd with remarks of appreciation
every year. The casual visitor gannot | for the kindness shown to him. by all.
but be impressed with the prosperity | A splendid lunch. was. served after

1] which fli dispersed.
, The ‘Directors of the A, A. & M.
-| Agricultural Society have attached the

tentment that comes only from living | following conditions ,to the special

t| prize of $25.00 donated byyA. H,

pleases and the_sofl produces the | Clarke, K.C., M. P., to the Union Fair:
maximum of agricultural resources | Ten dollars for the best display of

vegetables, | fruits, field grains, roots

One, of the most interesting special | and seeds from Anderdon; ten dollars

s|for the best display of same from

wlien sev- | Malden, and $5.00 Sweepstakes: for
ngons par- | the best one of, all the displays, these

¢ | specials’ not to compete fh any<other
1. | department, Grain and’ seeds to be
y | shown in pint jars; roots and vege-
y | tables six of eneh: fruits six of each,
d Fand if grain is shown in sheaf, the
£ | sheaves not to exceed 6 inches in
8 | diameter. J

The tennis tournament of Malden

There were two speeding events, as | Athletic Association was completed on

Saturday afternoon last, in which
twenty-eight members took part. Ow-
ing to the busy season several were
unable to participate. Bich member
played as ticket drawn. The final
drw was as follows: Set 1—May At-
kin and Herschell Bratt” vs. Donald

CoE

Snell and Katie Bratt. The former |
two. were victorjous by score of 6 to
3. ' Set 2—Herschell Bratt and Ivan |.
Kimball vs, May Atkin and Percy Mc
Callum. The fogner-two were pro-
nounced champions by score of 6 to
0. In the final set, Herschell Bratt vs.
Ivan Kimball, Herschell was victor by
score of 6 to 2. Throughout the tour-
nament he won 38 games and lost 14,
After the games all retired to Edgar
real, and Samuel, of Cobalt. There |the grain, seeds and vegetables being | Atkin's lawn, where a dainty lunch
are also thirty grandchildren and three of outstanding quality. There were | was served, .

great grandehildrén, The funeral |Mmany bushels of magnificent potatoes
and some of the largest tobacco éver

shown at the Fair. The exhibits gén-

   
 
    
 
 
 

wes

r-
n-
It

d-

In spite ofithe

   
   
   
   
  

  
  

    
   
 

 
  
 

re’

  
      
     
  

of

   
   
  

m. | ing Is being

ww [best known farmers, occupied prom-|oat fields, and in soma places the crop

 

‘ntac
old

blue outlook earlier
in the weanson, and the fact that the |
weather has been backward, a drive
through the township of Malden con-
vinces one that it is right up to the |.
front as usual in agpicultural lines.
The corn belt has produced a splen:|
did erop and it Is ripening nicely | °
during the last week of sunny weath- |

er.- True it 1s somewhat tangled, but
the output will not be interfered with
on that account.” The tomato crop Is
also ripening up nicely, A larger
acreage than usual has been plowed,
and Is being planted with fall wheat.
The recent put: the ground in|.

d up, but owing to

    

 

ET per Corr

em nn

ec

SEAT

APA SCT 2

I

  
  
 

    
 
  
  
  
  
   
   
       
     
       
       
    
     
    
 
  
 
 
  
   
   
 

W772
DUCE;

Five Large - Phonographs hil
Given as First District :
Prizes jn

Bread - Making Contests
At Rural School Fairs in Ontario

More than $2,000 worth of prizes for bread making will be offered at the Rural School Fairs
this fall. Among the prizes‘are five large cabinet phonographs, fifteen Canuck bread mixers,
and many attractive books. ‘These splendid prizes will make the contest the most stirring ever WN

held at rural school fairs: Every girl between the ages of 12.and 18 should read all about this |

“fine opportunity, and should begin now to prepare for it. ‘The prizes, under the conditions

explained below, will be awarded for the best loaves baked with

Cream & West Flour

the bard wheat flour that is guaranteed for bread

* —the flour that you will want to use always, once you have given ita good. trial. We want

 

 

 

  
  
 
  
  
 

vou to know for yourself that it makes splendid big loaves of the lightest, most wholesome bread
that good flour can bake. That is why we make it well worth your while to try it, by offering
these attractive and costly prizes:

“ar this eontest wo have dividéd the Province into five districts, each with several counties. In each distriet
give a largo eabinot phonograph, » set of Dickens’ Works and three bread mixers. = ‘These are celled the
, prizes and, they are to be given in addition to the prizes offered at the local rural school fairs. (Ste list
of districts below.Y Be suro to compete at your loeal rural school fair. If you win first prize there, you will then
automatically become a competitor for the phonograph and other district prizes. Tos :
The Prizes, remember, are’offered for the best loaf of bread baked with Cream of the Wét Flour. No
ot hes flole will do. For local prizes we offer & number of valuable books. By local prizes we mean those given
ot the far. 3

13. Laca_ Prize.
plo, art, paimals, x
13h woaderfal prizo

_2ad Local Prize.
tranciag te stories of
3rd Lozat Priz

of tho caustsies and th
4th Local Pri: w

 

 

 
  

we

Di

 

 

Girl's Own Annual,” a great bie beautifully bound, illustrated book with 80) pages of stories and articles abont
sowing, crocheting—eyerything that particularly ‘izterests’ yousg girls, older wiry oad their mothers, TLis

p fur yoars, re 7; -
a Wome,” heavily cloth bound with gofd titles, many, bashilut pictures ia colaza, es:

iat ace Darling, Floea MagDoaald, Jeaay Lind, thalato Queos Victoria aad others.

2.0 n tig handsomely bound book with maa colored] picture, intencstiag stories asd descriptions
of Lritaln's worldewide Empire.’ :
| Ps *s Gilt Book,” n book of stories, pictures ard mecial
erticlss by Drituia’s best wri ho proceeds from the sale of this book are for the
reaoiit of disabled soldiers in Eaglacd.

J NoteaUnlza tho entries sumber six or more first and pecond prizes will
bo awarded. ales tho vatres rumber tea or more. Bo fourth prise will bo awardsd.

_ The District Prizes.—The winner of thefirst prize at each, local
fair ‘automaticnlly becomes a competitor for the following District
prizes. One-half” of the fimt prize loaf will be sent. to the Ontario
Agricultural College at Guelph, to compete ib the District Contests.
(See conditions below.)

Tho *'Pathepbone? is the name gives to the fing big mahogany
houdzraph wo It will give you endless pleasoro and entertainment
Fe adifbtime. +) cor attachments and hosdles, enabling you to playg ll
of tas div ttor what make. The Pathephono reomducas bd
mince, oreliviira piwids, songs unny phecen potloctiy; with it goos a dozen of tho famols
Pathe records, Lotal value, $150.00.

234 Cludrlct Prize.—Sot of Dickens’ Works. £8 splondidly bound volumes with many
lastrations. Amos tha books Ly tho set are “Oliver Twist” asd “Old Curiosity Shop.”

 
  
 
 
 
       
    

 

 

 

     
  
   

 

 

   
    
 

   

 

 

Plivsa are Lao os cho MoE catrancing siofics ever writtea.

Sed, 1 ead 35 Prizes~"'Canuck’ Bread mixers. This simple, Jot svell-mada,
mnchin thiews (he tard work oubof bread making. Lusisad of laborious kneading of th FIRST PRIZE AT LOCAL RURAL
old mot boul, vou just put ia tho isgredivats, turn Lasdle and the dough is thoroughly SCHOOL PAIRS

 

and moro vvealy mixed.

— . bon
CONDITIONS OF THE CONTEST

Evory gich may compota at the rural school fair in her district, District No. 1.—Coustl 1 Gl , Sta: ¥ :
Shothes prem sho nttends school, providiag that ber 12th birthday Greaville, «Loads, Frome 1 Sleagarry, Stormont. Pim

 

   

 

ooskrs holory Soyember Jat, thIE, oe hee 10th pistiday on not Lassie Heat: we i; oh :

cour belgro Nov, 1, WIT. One loal bread mi _sabmitted istrict 2. —Coantios of tings, Pringe Edward y

Dake: l in fan aboat 715 iachos and 3 doch deco, ponnd divided ata * ‘boro, Northumboriaad; Victoria Posplash om rP

tw ro thet thoy may sepa al 0 , 1 Ne. 3.—Coun| r

bof birt phe 25.07 14> West Float. One-half will be hel worth Oe iia anal York, Satatis Poel, Helios, Wank
7. =T] of thr prizs loal will be sent to Ontario District No. 4.—Counties of Welland, Haldimand, N

  
 

 
 
 

to compete ia the District Contests. pies Koat, Essex, Lambioa, Middlosex.

y Miss AL. A. Pirdy, of th 1 :
ny drdy, of tho Department District’ Neo. 5.—Counatiss of Bruce, Gray, Dulleria, Simoos,

kiig and Flour Testing, The losal contest at the fair 3 1 N
ductod undor tbo samo rules as all the other regular District i Muskoka, Parry Sound, Timiskamioz, Algouia, Sudbury,
Manitoalia. .

contests nt your [airs No
OE Sosarra ol era hi shag slabs Rush Soi) Bain bo ihe ronfi i
abe ol Jost C3 marks diboor. Py Sis Gne A Da pave

 

    

  
 
 
    
 

 

 

  
 

 

 

   
  

2. Texture of Crumb . A 40 marks to stir up iacroassd interest ia breadmakingl Get a supply of Cream
(a) Eveanoss. «16 marks of ths Wait Floar at your dealers and practiso caing it as often an
& Silliness 20 marks posiblo to increase the chases of wisaing. If your dealer cannot
ce) Color. oid 5 marks soll it to y0a, write to the Campbell Flor Mills Col, Ltd Toreato,

8. Flavor of Bread. . ; 45 marks sad'wo will prompiliitell you tho mearest place to got it,

(a) Taste = » <5 marks NO COMPETITIONS IN COUNTIES NAMED BELOW; ,
0) Odor. os, nn enans 2 ks " The competition is to all parts of the Province where Itural
Ympartant.—Fanh koaf must bo acoompanied by, the part of the = School Fairs are boll, excopt tho Districts of Railay River, Koso

flour bag coatainiag the fase of the Ojd Miller. nad an eatry form and Thunder Bay, dlstriots are tho oaly parts of the Province «
mut bo signed by the girl aad parsats or guardian stating date of where ssfioal fairs aro held by the Department of Agriciltgroly which
birth, 1.0. adiress, aad giviaz samo of dealer from’ whom Crear this com a will pot be a feature. Ther aro n6 district: togiro-

Os West Mlour was purchasél. The (orm will stato that the girl meatatiy, tho Degartmost of Agricaltureis the Counties of Huron *

sO oly baked the loaf erared Lathe esmipotitiaa, Tholormawillbe Pershi, Wellington, Haliburton, Prescott, Rusell or Lisoolaggad so
srovided at the timo of tho fair. The deeixioa of the judzos is final. rural school fairs aro held in these Counties by the feat of
Not more than ono eniry mav be mado by each girl sad sot more Agricaiture, Thar aro, howevor, a low eal school tara held in
than cae log] prizo will be awarded 16 the same family. thes sovea couaticw, and we are opeaiag tho competition to thes

i i : faim, Wo will announce later the districts in which
‘Which District Is yours? This list shows you which coanties t wi cach of thes .
you compote agaist il youd becomon competitor for ths District priscs: Cousties will bo iscluded. ) i

The Campbell Flout Mills Co. Limited
: (West) Toronto, Ontario AEs

(Keep this announcement for reference) ~ - i

.

 
   

The above competition will he open to all rural school fairs
‘held in Essex County by, the Department of Agriculture and will
also be open to the Juvenile Department of the Union Fair held
at Amherstburg on October 1st and 2nd. : Ts
“Cream of the West” Flour is sold by the following dealers: —

 

  
  
 
 

   

  
 
  
 
  
 
 

   

        
   
  
  
     
  
  
    
  

 
  
  

 

 
    
  
      
  
   
     
    
    
  
   
  
   

from the way men are “picking them out our plans have worked out successfully. The
weaves that can be produced are used in these newcomers; : "i
patterns and the prices stick to tie Id plane. =

 

 ® Phillips, Essex; F. H. Ferris, Harrow; John Staddon, Kin
ville; H. F. Pitt, Kingsville; S. B. Green & Son,
Ruthven Cold Storage Co., Ruthven; Enos

Windsor. eed

SUITE at BOY
Were Born to Command---In Value-= =

x They Tower Above All Others in Windsor.
When we bought them we planned to lead all other suit displays in Windsor and if jt

       

    
  
 
   

th les a ct, hat th
8. styles RIS comet 0

®

  

> 3
u wf ‘ te

      

i J, H. Lovegrove, Amherstburg; O. S. Martin, Essex; W. Re

  
 

 

  
  
    
   
     
  
 
 
 

  

fai
