   
      
 
  
 
  
  
 

  

 
   
 

      
      
 
 
 
 
   
     
    
   

In addition to Bu
carry Clover and Timothy seeds, Early and

Onion seed, Dutch Sets,

 

 

Ik and Package Seed of every description, we

also BUILDERS’ SUPPLIES—Soft

Fire Brick, Fire Clay, Portland Cement, Sewer
Hardwall Plaster, Lime. Plaster Paris, &c.

 

—For the year 1916, at the Iroaiols
Cheese Board there were 256,000 lpxes
boarded, or e total of 2,375,000 ponds.
The highest prico was paid In Novem-
her, 26¢., and the lowest in July, 14 5-18
cents, an average of 20% cents There
was one-quarter more cheese manufac-
tured than boarded, a total value of
$600,000. In 1916 about {000 more
cheese were made than in 1915, and
{ produced “In an area of nne miles
| square. The average price for 1915
| was 15c.. and for 1914 1314 cents,

—To the Great Lakes feet was add-
ed on Friday the 11p00-ton steel
freighter Frank H. Goolyear, which
was dropped In the river a the Ecorse
yards of the Great Lakes Engineering
| Works before several theausand spec-
|tators. The Goodyear, which i3 being
| constructed for the Buffab Steamship
Company, i8 a duplicate of the freight-
er Pontine, recently launched at the
same yard for the Cleveland-Qiffs Iron
Company. The new vessel ki 600 feet
aver all, with 60 feet beam. She will
be equipped with triple exjansion en-
!gines and Scotch boilers. and will be
ready for service about June 1st,

—At a meeting in Windsor Mon-

 

Plant Our
SEEDS
and
your
HARVEST
1s
Assured.

menace of a food shortage Every
\farmer and city man in North Essex
will be circularized, poiming out the
| necessity of aiding the campaign the
(campaign for increased food produc-
ltion. E. N. Bartlet, E. A. Simmers
and F. P. Gavin, principal of the Wind-

Seed Potatoes,
Brick,
Field Tile,

Late

Pipe,

 

 

  
 

 

  
 

   
 

   
 

 

 

 
    

Everything on hand is just fresh in stock. Come in and leave 3 (
ivered to. an art of sor Colleginte Institute, volunteered
your order as prices are reasonable, goods delivered y P ito act as a gommittee to secure land
the town. ————————— within the city limits fer cultivaion
0 8 by facory workers, scheol children
’ 3 § : {and any other citizens willing to do
3 [thelr bit, Mrs. C. W. Cidwell and A
uf \ C. Roberts, chairman of the school
e L bt board. undertook to mobilize school
5 GRAIN, SEEDS, FEED, ETC. children-into squads of agriculturists.
bY "PHONE 175 AMHERSTBURG. Ml | Plots near each of thie schools will be
R. : 2 | sought and prizes given for the best
3 | cultivated gardens. Mr, Bartlet of-
b- er = {fered to give all his time, if necessary,
3 v N —C. A. Smith has resigned as man- [to register labor, secure teams for
3 TOWN AND COUNTY. l aging director of Freder'ck Stearns & [plowing and to.any other work that

fe a Toro “ie | Co., disposing of his interest in the may offer
3 ad qh io i " My hid G. E. Rason, assistant man- | Ten fast boats will maintain ‘a
De yas Tuis slob no 1 sap | ABET, succeeds to the managemnet of | patrol from the mouth of the Detroit
Tamar Sats dL SR | the business to. the head of the Sti Clair river dur-
; ally papar, Mrs. C. C. Miller and Mr | Motorists in Ontario may continue [ing the season of navigation These
. d Mr F. A. Gnotowskl, of Detroit, [10 drive their own cars without requir. | boats will be manned princ [pally by
and lS a fr M A. J |ing 8 iI - driver's licende, al- [Detroit yachtsmen, who have joined
rere guests Sf iste idle Ade tl ¢0 - legislation was pro-|a naval reserve force. Capt. DIF. A.
t. 3 BE OE complated the sale of the! posed sglonal drivers or chauf- DeOtte, commander of the Government
ali Amherst House, Mrs. Joseph Maheux| fours will require licenses as hercto ship Morrill, will be In.charge of the
5 8 has gone to the Canadian Sco to Jouk fore. : eet, d members of his crew. will
] after her extensive real estate ‘and —Coal men estimate t at the wage | help n the small boats. Every
i] esa interests there increase anted to 175.000 miners in [boat under 100 tons will be subject to
bugtness:. in ; the an {te flelds will raise the re-|search: If small eraft do not stop up-

5 —One-day last week a Tilbury poul-
yo try owner was assessed $200 ‘and

J costs for allowing his chickens to run
over a neighbor's flower beds and de-
3 stroy tulip and other flowers.
I —This year we had a south equin-
octinl wind, but since the equinox the
prevailing winds have been from the
north and northwest. Nevertheless,
next year we shali doubtless again
hear the old saying thot the direction
of the wind at the equinox determines
its direction for the next three months.
Superstitions die hard

—A press cable from London states
that Col. H. J. Lamb, of Windsor, was
last week Invested by the King
Buckinghcm Palate with. the Distin
guished Service Order. Jrlor to his
departure with the first contingent
soon after the war started, Col. Lamb
was chief engineer of the Departmnet
of Public Works for this district.
4 —A date some time after May 15th
Tins been set by the Ontario Railway
and Municipal Board for hearing ar-
gument on behalf of Windsor to com-
pel the Sandwigh, Windsor and fam
herstburg: railway to install alrbrakes
on all theft cars. © Under authorlly of
the Munfaipal Act the Railway Poard
hoa sole jurisdiction in this matter,
antl can refuse to order, the chauye.

—Urging /better drainage as one

    
  
   
 
 
  
  
     
     

method of combatting shortage of
staple foods. Professor John Spry, of
the ' Ontario = Agricultural = College,

Guelpr; addressed the members of Bor-
der Chamber of Commerce and a mum-
ber of Essex county farmers in Wind-
sor Friday, following a banquet. Pro-
fessor Spry. warned his hearers that
the British Empire is suffering from n
great, shartage of food, which threat
ens the success of the allies’ chuse. It
. was the duty, he suid, of every man
who could to don overalls-and “do his
bit” to prevent famine in Great Brit-
ain and the countries of her zullles,
The, Ontarlo Government, Prof. Spry
stated, had made arrangements to
finance 2a drainage scheme (no rural
districts, and farmers are now able to
borrow money at five per cent. for
such work.
—JIf the navy neccded admirals, if
L'the ' prmy was. socking gencrals, if
the marine corps was casting about
for majors, If there were openings for
colonels In the ‘national guard, there
would be no talk of selective draft in
_Jthe U. S. No ‘matter how great the
“muamber sought, the entire quota would
be filled In ashort time, recruitng of-
“ficers sny. Ambitious young men visit
the Detroit recruiting offices dally and
i proffer their services to thelr country.
: Though" they have had: no

oy

ie

    

i periencd In handling men, though
pe thelr military knowledge was
geined by drilling with. laths In

at |

A ex-

 

 
 

tail price of hard coal an average of [on order, the patrols will use armed
60 cents a ton. Ti vgroement signed | force. - The object of the patrol is to
last week by representatives of the prevent enemies blocking the narrow

operators afd the United Mine work-| channels In the two rivers and in Lake

ers of America ndds approxim ately | St. Clafr. The temporary halting of
$30,000,000 a year to “the minors’ |grain, ore and coal shipments would
wi and it fs the largest increase; be of immense damage to the cause of

   

 

anthra- | t e8,, Ships of more than 100
tons are being looked after by their
owners, who have been instructed to
weed out all enemy aliens or disloyal

citizens, and to. take great care In

awarded in the history of the
cite industry

—The Echo has been furnished the
names of some Amherstburg High

school girls who are gonig to spead the

 

  

summer gardening for. wages We | passing through easily” bloeked chan
heartlly- congratulate the on their |nels. MotorBoats must follow as
good sense and patrfotism, But we closely as possible the shore line, and

  

will. not publish their names until they | will nat be permitted to approach a
| give us permission. And when we do [steamer within 100 feet. Small boats
we would like to surround them with |W not be permitted to use the St
| laurel border. as poineera in a move- | Clair flats channel or the west chan-

|

   

    

  

  
  

 

   

| ment thet should become gengral fret. Loltering. fishing or drifting is
| —Follawiiag the exam af farmers [pro Ibited In all main channels of De-
in Great Britain, who are ng trac | troft or St. Clair rivers on Lake St
tors fitted with powerTul lights to plow fenir
" -

| gBssex county agriculturisls lgrpoNG 0pPOSITION DEVELOPING
{Huve ypaled to the On aovern. rar

1} t re 81 ¥: s in tid bor-| x
pment to_place glx tractor L 0p: Whether the proposed union of the

 

pder county ‘to assist them in tie cam Preshster

i . Methodist" and Con:
{paign for Mcyepsed production of food-| oop iron ay churclres will ever he con-

sunimated still remains much in doubt;
towing to the many. difficulties that
| still remuin to be cleared. awa A
fm ovement’ is said to be under way in
the Presbyterian church to prevent
ny union along the proposed lines.
The attitude of the Copgregational
church dnd the Methodist church to

 

stuffs, If his request (x complied |
with thousarfds of &ditlonél anres will
| be put undey the plow tills spring

| —At present pri a dollar spent
lon rolled oats will furnish about four
times as much protein or flésh-forming
materinl as the some amount of money
spent on sirloin . Good spring |
wheat flour, skimmed milk andshutter- | tlie proposed. unjon has been’ fn both
milk will supply nearly five times as |cages favorable and has never been
much protein as’ the steak. At eight [paepded fron. The Presbyterian
cents a quart, milk furnishes protein at) church. The opponents of ‘the union,
half the price Of steak, wh beans | the other proposed parthiers on.account
at ten. cents a pound perform tl me fof the more radical changes” In the
service at a third the cost Let Us {ereed and in the «church government
simplify the statement so that covery [proposed whiclhodiffered considerably
housewife can understand: Eleven |from the standards and laws of that
cents §pent- on ontreal. 12 cents on |clfureh. THe oppnoents of the union,
flour. 19 cents on bread, 24 cents on |gajd to number anywhere from one-
skimmedimilk, 256 cents on beans, 35 third to one-half of the members of
cents on whole milk, or 50 cents on |the church. claim that there is every
cheese, will provide: the humbn body [likelihood of a disruption of the Pres-
with ms mueh enérzy lollar’s| hyterian church If the union goes on:
Wortlivof sigals. GROW ‘POTATOES, NOT TOBACCO

—Beans In Detroit, Friday. touched s Ee
the highest price in their history wien | Ontario Could Thus Supply 200,000

tthe sale of 100 bags was recorded on More People With P
the Detroit Board. of Tradeyat $10 a | i utategs:

bushel, "Six months ago the prevalling |
iprice was $4.60 to. 35.
{the principal bean-producing state ition In connection with tobacco-grow-

the Union, the agtion of the Michigan | jpg He pointed out that, 28 a war
Bean Jobbers' Association at Saginaw. | measure. efforts are soon to be made

last week, in adopting a résolution not in the United States to reduce the
to send.any beans suitable for &eed out |yerepge devoted to tobacco-growing
of the state until after June 1st, or | with a view to the land being used tor
until growers have had ample time 10 | food production instend.

plant thelr €rops, meets with the en. “Tobacco lapd.™ he sald, “Ig also ex-
thusiastic approval of middlemen and | cellent potato land” Last. year some-
retaflers allke? The Jobbers' Associa: [thing like eight thousand acres of
tion, which was called together for the | land were used in Ontario for the pro-

purpose of diBcussing war-time food [duction of tobacco. If, in 1917. this
preparedness as it will affect the 1917

 

 
 
 
 

 

 

   
 

 

       

 
 
 

 

  
 

 
  

 

 

Prof.«C, A. Zavitz, of the O. A. C,,

 

THE AMBER

   
        
  
    
    

With Michigan | a Guelph, made an/interesting sugges

PRICE OF BREAD IS
AGAIN

Windsor ‘Manufacturer Says it Will
Go Higher Still.

Commencing Tuesday the 24-ounce
standard loaf, unwrapped, was ad.
vanced to 10 cents per loaf, while the
wrapped loaf of the same welght, Is
sold at 12 cents, and the small 12.
ounce wrapped loaf was advanced one
cent per loaf to sell at seven cents,

H. J. Neel, president of the Nenl
Baking Co. Limited, in discussing
this latest advance in the cost of “the
staff of life,” explains that while flonr
and other raw materinls are sold at
the prevailing high prices of the past
tew months, the bread manufacturers
believe it would be very dangerous
for them to.put in large stocks of flour
or other raw materials, and therefore
they are compelled to go Into the open
market every few weeks for fresh sup-
plies of flour, ete., which means that
they have been compelled to pay ex-
tremely high prices for all the raw
materials that are needed to produce
a loaf of bread. ' Mr. Neal further

“BOOSTED”

 

day, steps were taken 1o meet the points out that since the last advance

[in the price of bread the cost of flour
| has increased exactly four dollars and
twenty cents per barrel and if the
present rate of advance in the cost of
wheat and flour is ‘mainteined by the
grain dealers and millers the price of
bread will go still highersn the very
near future.

The bread manufacturers claim they:

are the “victims of circumstances”
and that they are not responsible for
the high prices which they are com-
pelled to ask for bread, inasmuch as
they cannot in any way control the
price of wheat or flour, the principal
ingredients in bread, and unless the
Government takes the matter in hand
immediately and devises some means
of regulating the price of wheat and
flour the people cannot reasonably
hold the bread manufacturers respons-
{ble for the .present condition of af.
(airs.

nd

THE CRISIS.

 

No one can rise from a careful study
of the appeal in this issue from the
Organization of Resources Committee
| without feeling that “famine and
| world-hunger are on our threshold,”
|and that we must produce more food
or face a period of terrible want and
suffering.

The high cost of living should con-
vince the most skeptical that we are
jiving in no ordinary tfmes. Canada
is outside the war zone. It is true, and
does not yet know what (t means (o be
put on limited rations, as in Britain,
|and to be restricted in the use of meat
and other comforts of Iife. It is diffl-
cult for those who at present exper
fence no shortage in food to yealize
that world-hunger may come before
the 1918 crop Is harvested, unless
| those who own and till the soil make
good use of it this season. A place of
lionor- in the firing line gwalts the far-
mer [on the fight against Germany. As
Mr. Lloyd George says:

 

“The line which the British, Em-
pire holds against the Germans 8
held by those wlio work the land
as well as by> those who fight on
land and sea, If it breaks at any
paint” Jt breaks everywlhére. In
the face of the enemy the seamen
of our Royal naval and mercantile
marine and the soldiers gathered
from every part,of the Empire hold
our line firstly. You workers on
land must hold your part of our
ilne as strongly. Every full day's
labor you do helps to shorten the
struggle and bring us nearer vic
tory.’ Every.idie day, all loitering,
lengthens the striggle and makes
defeat more ‘possible. Therefore,
if the’ nation’s honor, heed! Ac-
quit yourselvesslike men, and as
workers on land do your duty with
all your strength!”

 

   

These are critical times. Victory
still hangs inthe balance! It is the
hope of the enemy to avert defeat by
starving Britain into a premature and
unstable peace. Under the most fav-
orable ©onditions the shortage of food
thronghout the world will increase the
military difficulties of the: Allied na-

tions. To enable the farmer to re-
spond with promptitude to the call
labor must. be forthcoming: Nothing
counts in this war but victory. Ev-

erything must go before the enemy is
allowed to plant his accursed heel on
the neck of Europe. Were peace to
come to-morrow the food erisis would
still"be with us. It is a time for ac-
tion. To every boy%and man who can
help in this work the call comes With
the farmers they constitute. the Mist
reserves in the call of freedom As
the appeal for increased food produc-
tion ‘states, “the soil on which the
crops are grown |s the strategic
ground on which wars are decided.”
Ontario must hold the line. Every
farmer and every man not on active
fervice can help.—The Globe,

 

ETBURG

 

  

ECHO.

 

 

from

THOMPSON BROS.

Opposite Hydro Bldg.

24 Chatham St.West.

Windsor, Ont.
BE kL -

f

 

—

NATURAL STONE AND BRICK

Two of Nature's Best Products.
May be Procured with Prompt Service

         

Ee dip i I I A A

  
   
  
   
    
 
 
  
 

R

ee

HR Graduate {n tistry at
KL Toronto University Go Wonk
AAPROIALTY. “Algone” used for tin painless

extraction of teeth,
Ofc bours:—§ a.m. to 12; 1:310 65.3) p.m;

709 po.
OmMee : Corner of Richmondand Ramaa
fellows’ Halland one blog

Streets. next (
ecustof Post OMoe, Amherdburg.

DR. 0. TEFZER, M.B.
HYSICIAN AND SURGEON Graduateor
Toronto U arity, Lio. College Physi

inte nad purgeany Outario, OMos—Corner

Gore and Amiey streets, opposite Town Hall
Ambersthirg

KR. i. ABBOTT, M.D.

PHYSICIAN AND SURGEON, Graduate o

Queen ‘kDniversity Kingston, Lie.College
Phiysioiang wad Sorgeons, Ontario. OMoo—
at residence, Corner Rankin Avenue and
Ualhousle  sireet (opposite Waterworks)
Amberstburg.

“7 DR.T.JAMES PARK.

Pras AND SURGEON, Amherst A

irs OBIAKLo,
WM. A. McDONALD, M.B,
Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat.

CONSUL 1 ATION HOURS
Dam tod pw
and by appointment

       
   

   

  

 
  
    

  
 

   

 

 

 

 

og

f

 

 

freer dee ob ob dob boobed ede dob bob eles sb feobde depedeb ob bd

WE HAVE IN STOCK

SHINGLES, 'LATH, CEDAR POSTS, BARN BOARDS,
JOISTS, MOULDINGS OF ALL KINDS. DOOR SASH,
RUBBEROID

WOODEN EAVETROUGH,
BEAVER BOARD.

AMHERSTBURG, ONT.

> bbb dod bbdob dd bb bbb db bb bb bbb bd

 

|

 

OF BREAD served on your table daily ?

Have you tried the merits;of CURTIS’ BREAD.
If not, you'ave missed the greatest life saver in the home.

~ Try a Loat To-Day !

CURTIS,

The Model Bakery PHONE 76 Amherstburg, Ont

 

Place your order with us and save money

Planing Mill and Lumber Yard

Le eo te doreoeole chook edb bb dd ob bb bb bb bbb bb

 

A LIFE SAVER.

What comes nearest to your home, if it isn’t the QUALITY

78 Victoria Avenuo ‘folophono 1063
WINDSOR ONTARIO

DR. A. E. STEWART.
PHyaciA D SURGEON, Graduate ot
Toronto University. Om 1cGregor,
Ont, Bell Telephone 118.r 21 Colchestor
North Telephone 78 ¢ 21 ; Sandwich South
Telephone, § 21 1s.

DR. W. C. DOYLE, M.D.
I RB, W., C. DOYLE, AL D,, C. M., F. W.M.C.
Honor graduate of Western University.
London ; Member of { Jollege of Physicinns
and Surgeons of Ontario. Office ih basement
of residence ou Tulbot Street, next to the %
Electric Ky walling room, Kssex. Xray (n i

conndotion. Special attention given to
diseavwes of women and Surgery.

"FRANKLIN A. HOUGH, B.A.

ARRISTER Sollefior, Notary Publie, Con.
wveyancer, &c. Office: Hough Blook
balbousieatreet, Amberstburg. Sa~Money to

loan,
FRED. H. A. DAVIS,

ARRISTER, S¢ ror, Notury Publi; -
veyuncer  &e. Omice, Ramsay Strest
Amherstburg, Money to loan.

BARTLET & BARTLET,
ARRISTERS, Solicitors, &o. Offices in the
a Davis Block, Windsor, Mo
g > ALEX. R BAWTLET, rl i ha

ERG. BARTLET, BA., LL.B,
URQUIfART, B.A

RODD, WIGLE & McHUGH,

PBARKLSTERS, SOLICITORS ETO, J. H
Rodd, B, A,'L LB, County Crown Ate"
“torndy and Clerk of 1 Peace fir t TOD AL

of EwieX FS. Wigle, B, A., K.
McHugh.  OfMevs Victoria Block,

DAVIS & HEALY.

RS, SOLISTERS, NOTA
Moher 10 Loans Medion Da
A. F. Healy.

JAMES B. McLEOD.

ARRISTER. SOLICITOR, Ete, 32 v,
ID Building, Windsor, Ont. PU
A0RD on farm property at lowest curremt rates

FRANK W. WILSON.
JARRISTER, SOLICITOR, Notary Public
and Conveyvancer, (of the Ontario and
British Columbia Bars) Money fo lowm on
Far Property at lowest rats of inte LL

» LaBelle Building, Corne
A r uuelledte
Lon Sts, Windsor, Phone pa i
w— - ee ——

W. A. SMITH, LL. B.

RRISTER, SOLICITOR, NOTARY, ETC
Kingsville, nt. I, NOTARY, ETC.

JAMES'S. LAIRD,

DROVINCIAL Laud Surveyor and. ¢
Englueer. Office, Durieta Mock ay

 

      

 

 

 

ROOFING.

 

 

 

 

Lat SES SEE RE SE hl RL

   

  

 

 

 

  
      
 

 

 

B

Windsor, Q
YF. Do bavis, B, A,

 

 

 
 
   

 

   

The
Baker,

 

 

B*

 

 

 

Sopdet fbb bpd kdb dk MOTHER'S BREAD Hobbie dbderb ddd obdb bob bob oe

Can We Not Tem pt ¥ou To
Taste the Goodness of Our

MONEY BACK

 

The superior quality of which you wi
cognize after the first bite.

We want you to be skeptical in buying

i
te
+
+
+
+*
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
a
<
w
4
m
14
x
w
I
[=
Oo
=
=
le
Ea

it is—why, then, your Money Back.

ed

‘BREAD

MONEY-BACK BREAD has that sweet nut-Iike flavor,
so much desired, but rarely found in most breags.

Tray it out—if it doésn’t happen to be all that we say

Made only and guaranteed by

 

stairs) Town of Essex, Ont,
NEWMAN,

“ER AND ONTARIO
R, Drainage work pp LR ha
Windsor, Ont, © LIS

CHARLES BELL,

K of the {th Division Court, Agent fi
ral first class Fire and Life Insumn
On ensy term

 

  
 
 
  
  
        
  
    

 

¥

 

    

    

Compan] Mouey lt
onveyaneing done ea
Moe, Harrow, w 1 will B® open withon? A

fiirom 1 la 105 pm. every Taesda
and Raturduy, P O.add ens Oxley Henn,

CLARK & ATKIN,

| Pian Auctioneers for Essex County
OMMce ut Harrmw, Ontario,
CHARLES CLARK, GRUNGE ATKIN,

. RENAUD,

UCTIONE ~ Armanguments for sale
LX. made ar any time. For terns, otc., apply
to him or address Amberstbune P, 0,

FRANK E. SINASAC, )

SHUTTER of Marries Lizonses (or the County,

of ex and agent for The Agricultural

Loun Co., of London. Loans on real estate at
reasoniblo mites. . Harrow, Ont.

JOHN READMAN, .

SSUER of Marriage Licenses for the Connty
of Essex Harrow Onl,

fully and promptly

 

 

 
  

 

 

 
  

 

Il readily re-

 

 

 

this, bread.

 

 

 

 

High- Olas Monuments u Specialty 3

LEAMINGTON
Granite and Marble Works

C. A: CULLEN, Proprietor,
Write for Prices,

 

FAI BAKING G0 Itt Phone 25 LEAMINGTON, ONT

3 & ° ° :

: b [3 sutton & sons]

i Phone 59 ‘WINDSOR 31-37 Salter Ave Funsral Direbtsrs

+ For sale In Amherstburg at J. H. Lovegrove's, G. T. Fi a ally, ap

I Sone a, = Slracdind, A + Burne and Silas Allen's. ry 1H FT . aout ,

+ rrow . R. Bo Co.” | ho : :

i Soi Jn narrow | yw yce 0." In McGregor by Beuglet Bros. Phone $35. 4

bbb bbdob bd bd bd ddd MOTHER'S BREAD bdr dobb fbb dbo bb foo

 

 

 

 

 

$b bbb debe ed avid SHIHLOW +++tdtttttdddbtttttitbd

 

S. W.& A. RAILWAY + \|

on
® the short pant age, they are willing to Wh : Y
“accept any kind of a commission. Boy at A ils ou!

whose foces are guiltless of sprouts

    

ncreage was used for the production
of potatoes Instead of tobacco, the po-
tatoes produced on. that land should

      
  

WINTER TIME TABLE. 2

Cars run on Eastern Standard Time.

bean crop, also adopted without discus:
sfon a resolution to sell beans for seed

    
  

   

 

 

  
 
  
   
     
   
 
   
   

  
   
   
   
   
 
 
   
   
   
 
   
  
 
 
  
  
  

led nomerous remedies, and
doctors attended him, but
‘got no better, and sthe
"said tho only hape of curing
$ an operation. Father doter-
ined, however, that he would firat
Zam-Buk. .
en after the first few appli-
tions of this wonderful balm he
it great relief. Gradually the pain
gy ended, the inflammation was
“drawn out, tho swelling disap-
and the sore was soon

Buk. is equally good for
Ringworm, bidod polvaing:
fles. burns, an

cut “Ai Firuggists and stores, or
‘Buk Co. Toronto, §0c. box,

     
  
 
   
    
  
 
  
    
   
 
  
  
  

J

‘Mave'esked for ranks higher than thoso
held -by the men to whom they have

   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 

   

    
     
   
  
  

purposes at the daily market buying

be sufficient to furnish 200, -
ik e o furnish 200,000 per:

sons with food for one year. If: the

     
    
   
      
    

tention of the war office in special
despatches, His son, Pte, Charles Alk-
mun, {8 also on active . service [n
France.

~—That the hanging of Jolin Hogue
for the murder of W. Marshall Jack-
son, Canadian Immigration officer,
would reflect on the history of Sand-
wich, where Hogne will be hanged on |
May 10th, unless the Minister of
Justice Intervenes, is the plea of 200
citizens of the County In a petition
sent to Ottawa. “Tie hanging of
Hogue will have an evil influence on
the children of the town,” aid a Sand-
wich official. “We don't want Any
more hangings here. If the death
(penalty Is to be continued let the Gov:
ernment take the gallows somewhere | after anotlier American steamship, tie
else.” More than 300 signatures have | Mongolian, on the Inst Inp of her
en arbindad te iS, ee Cage 5 EF Delt pi y
In Windsor and g owns, and | first i

t least 50 lotters from citizens of [One of the
Ww Virginia, Ing Wh r, | oper vi) hy

{

at $4 a bag, which would mean from
$40 to $60 an acre for seed.”

U. S. SHIP SUNK;
31 MEN MISSING

 

 

Vacuum, Armed Vessel Bound for
America, is Torpedoed;
Americans Lost.

    
    
    
  
    
  

   
   
   
   
       
       
  
   
  
    
  
 
 
 

 

New York, April 30th.—Thirty-one
American lives are believed to have
‘been lost when the armed American
oll-carrying steamship Vacuum was
torpedoed and sunk by a German sub-
marine off the north coast of. Ireland
{nat Saturday while en route from a
British \o an American port.  -

The Vacuum Was sunk nine days

x

     
 

   
  

         
   
  
  
    

  

   
     

Have" you become run-down, weak,

 

   
  

  

  

   

     
  

     

  

   

   

   
   
 
  
  
   
  

 

     
  
  
  
   
   
  

your impure blood with

once
Al. Kind hat’ puts” energy and ambi-
and

action.

   
    
  
  
    
   
  
     

All medicine dealers can supply you |

'in_ either liquid or. tablet fom or send
10 sents trial box of tablets to Dr.
Pierce, Invalids’ Hotel, Buffulo, N. Y.

 

 

#

ASK YOUR NEIG::3OR.

 

    
  
  
   
  
  
 
 
  

Portman, B. C.—“I ammo glad of
0 tunity to recommend D;

(ha

      
     
   
   
   
 
  
    
   
   
  
   
      
   
      
   
     
    
     

to
into you and b:ings back youth |

    
    
  
 
 
  
   
 
  

eu

 

 

 

 

      
     
    
 
 

  
  
   
   
 
 

Use Gold

Itis the:accurate blending of Ontario Fall

 

wheat that makes

© The Best Flour

You will find it just a

  

 

for Baking,
£1

 

 

Royal Purple Stock Specific

Medal Flour §
proper proportion of Western Hard
MEDAL FLOUR"

little better than you expected. !

 
   
   
     
   
      
        

- In Effect October 10th, 1916.

 

 
      

     
   

  

 
 

  
 
 
 
  

 
   

   
 

       
  
  
 

 
    
 
   

appiisd—men who have spent years| Pte.’ Harry Aikman, son of Dr. P.|potatoes were a big crop in all the | emaciated, ‘pale after a long siege of y | 3 : = : ’ 1 ;
learning the fighting trade. A. Alkman, ‘of Windsor, returned to |Provinces this year. and. in the ¥nit- | colds? Docs the akin Phu thay the Roup Cure, , Chick Feed, s = Eg BE 2 g H 4
Windsor Thursday. nfter a continuous |ed States, prices - would, of course, |blood' is thin and watery? Spring. is . < - cl oi b] EF 4
absence since August, 1914, when (he [come down, but it is very seldom that | the time when vitality is” at its lowest Stock Specific 2 2 2 CF a ¥
first Canadian contingent was mobil-|a good crop of potatoes is universal | cbb—clean house now—by ridding the 4 v + g a < < hx
ized ot Valcartier, Pte. Aikman was |over a large section of the country. beady of ita accumulated poisons.” Re- ; sm am ams 80a
among the first to enlist at Amherst-| “In 1915 and 1916 the potato crop | fresh the blood with a stimulating tonic. Calt Meal & Worm Powders TI aE
burg. He wns wounded some time ago j Was exceptionally light in Ontario, but| Dr, Pierce's Golden Medical Dis- ; 9.00 916 1016 816 : 912 930
and as a result the sight of one eye [In each of those years It was fairly | covery, free from alcohol or narcotics and ? & 11.00 1115 pm, 10.15 1112 1130
has been affected. In addition to six |good In Prince Edward Island, Alberts | extracted from roots and barks with Liniment p.m. pm 1216 p.m, p.m, p.m, :
severe shrapnel wounds, he was badly [and British Columbia. The seed of | Pure glycerine, banishes from the blood ; > Lo 115 215 1216 112 1
from which you are |shell-sliocked. Pte. Alkman Janded at Ontario potatoes likely ‘will be used all poisons and impure matter. It dis- ; 300 315 4.15 216 30
" {neurable? Zam-Buk Que nearly thresh weeka ago Tut procipaly. on the farms, and ft fs |P0lve8 od hie Jeposita and armies 5h 51s i ils 812 5
" thousan f cases of [only succeeded In obtaining his dis- [going to be a dificult matter to get them a Mmpuri > | 5 J . : i ye,
| Hon auto charge recently. He {8 well known in | satisfactory seed potatoes for A. im Shrough the Liver, Bowels, Kidneys an W. 7. WILKINSON. 700 716 815 7.16 Jug 8.30
Nello Lucas of Silver Lake, Amherstburg, and. [s the only survivor | lots, especially where the seed has to ls I i a | HARNESS AND LEATHER GOODS STORE. 8.00 815 916 845 10.00 T
writes: “My father [of five chums who enlisted at the (be purchased. It requires ten to J Jou have indipmtion; Sugai 0) Phos VE A AMHERSTBURG Ba as a ue }
i a sore on his faco which [same tm fie did. Pte. Alkman’s val: | twelve haga of potatoes to plant an a ior culate un y nervesor hd rd pt cu 11.00 12.00 Tas
6 very en and painful, |orous conduct was brought to the at- (acre, and seed potatoes A Ww Xieroe’s en BR :
“very swollen p pot. are now selling Ypaight! D ody and - “nm

   
  
 
 

Te Fo Bfauard tine:
-~ J, a N

    
  
  

t »

Ging

| Eank.
om.

  
   
 
   
  

wheat with a :

H

oo
