  
 
 

Genuine Castoria
Always

Bears the

   
   
     

—_—

Promotes Digestion Cheerfst

Bil ness and Res! Containsneilsr

#1 Opium, Morphine nor Mine

if NoT NARCOTIC.
Hoje of GDSEI :

Alx Sms

Ate

Anis
Ee
Nien
2d Consfip2:
ei-Remedy fort
frina Stomach, Diarrioct
Worms, Feverishnessa

LOSS OF SLEEP.

mile Signature of

 
 
 
 
  

 
  

 

For Qver
Thirty Years

GASTORIA

JHE CENTAUR GOMPANY. NEw veux Givy,

 
 
     
 

a
1 COMPANY»

THE CENTAU EW YORK.

MONTREAL & N
At months old

> 1S
5 Doses =p" 5

Exact Copy of Wrapper.

     
 

 

 

LEAMINGTON.
While cranking his car on Friday,
Cullen broke his right arm.

Miss ‘Mary Burgess, of Camp Bor-
den, spent the week-end with her par-
thobir exper t ents, Mr. and Mrs. James Burgess.
ave proved oar Youre ients on Mis§ Burgess expects to EO overseas
he thyroid gland.” And that some- | In @ few weeks,

ats seems to feed that gland, The office staff and employees of the

“KEEPING YOUNG _

Oatmeal Is Sald; to Ward Off Age— |:
Often 20 Years

Two noted scientis:
animals, hi
nds on t
thing in o.

 

 

 

 

   

For Infants and Children,
e—— a,

Mothers Know That |

    
 

 
  
  

|

|
|

No ono could understand why it was
that Helen Ayer, the wife of an excel-
lent man and the mother of a lovely
boy six years old, fell under the influ-
ence of Bchuyler Quigley, with nothing

| except swagger and cheek to recom.

mend him. When Quigley first began
to pay attention to Mrs. Ayer her hus-
band d#d not appear to notice it. The
truth #8 he saw that his wife was drift-
ing away from him and he dared not
oppose ber, fearing that by his very
opposition be might bring about a cn-
tastrophiie. If he permitted the matter
to work itself out perhaps the wife and
mother would«n time tire of her new
fancy andl realize the danger to her
self, her husband and her son.

Ayer bad no falth in the effectiveness
of opposition in such a case, He pre-
ferred to rely on gome appeal to the
beart uch ns he was not In a position
to make hilmself and which could only

 

   
    
 

sweep .the dust from before her eyes
and she would see her position In its
true light. He had perfect confidence
In her purity. If Quigley succeeded fn
taking her way from him he must do
it legitimately. She must bo divorced
from the one and married to the other.

With this: idea in view he made no
complaint to Helen, leaving her perfect
freedom to) do as she liked. He never
objected tio Quigley coming to the
house, nor did he oppose Helen's go-
ing out with him. He endeavored in
every mossible way to show his faith
in her. Had Quigley taken himselt
away far awhile possibly the spell that
bound! ‘her to him might have been bro.

ken, or at least it might have been
braalkable,

 

     
   
 

EAR > : dah But Quigley was so aggressive, so
, It appears that old age can be deferred H ; J Heinz Company plcknicked. nit persistent, that Helen never got away
many years, by caring for this gland. The | Seaclll Park on Saturday. The pro- from a certain dominating force ther
main care is'to feed it, and the proper food | gram Included athletic sports: and g
is oats, swimming contests. Liberal Wrizes | Was about him long enough to recover
Oats contain more energy food, more | Were given. Stewart's orchestra fur- | herself. Finally Ayer decided to take
food for the brain, more food for the nerves, Inished music for the dance In ‘the |action. Since they all belonged to the
than any other grain thatgrows. And now it | pavilionin the evening. ; same set, he had frequent opportunity
seems that they also serve to keep one young. Monday was Leamipgton'geeivic lfol1- to mect the man who was undermining
But common oatmeal fot good enough day. The Lakeview cemetany com- his home. Their first meeting was at
for such an important diet. The rich, mittee ran an excursion to Sandusky .
plump grains alone are used in the making on the steamer Pelee. Several hun. |2'© Bouse of a mutual friend, where a
of Quaker Oats, They are sclected by dred. peoplo took advamtage of this |PUMber of men were acchistomed to
siftings, and only ten pounds are obtained delightful outing. Tha Baptist Sun- | PIy poker. Ayers object was to begin
from a bushel. day school held Its anmual picnic at [8 series of ‘attempts to force n quarrel
Quaker Oats) mheuns Just ta tcreant of the park." The pastor, Rev. Burrel |upon Quigley, concealing the true
Luis fu oh sions, 9 presented medals to the hioys who have | cause. The better to cover his motive
Man ihe le - an helped in the greater food production. | at the poker party he met Quigley cor-
ade 1 LD, rd

   

Juries In an automobljls accident Mon-
day of last week. Hin was proceeding
along “Concession C ito the Marsh
onion fields accompanifmq by a Belgian
when he met a chicken and turning
olit to avold running over ij. struck a
rut. which broke. one of ‘the front
wheels of hig machine andi caused the
car to turn a complete ‘somersanlt.
Mr. Kennedy was caught ijn the top,
whichswas smashed; and hes sustained
severe bruises about the. head and
face, while the Belgian wig injured
about the chest.

At the regular meeting ojf the town
council Mayor Lewis Wigle announced
that he had received a telojgram from

the Premier of Ontario requesting
/ that owing to the shortage off farm help
the corporation” release ali] the em.

ployees possible for that Plurpose. It
was concluded that the ‘asorporation
lind no employees to let ga, ang the
telegram was filled. Treasurer Selkirk
submitted a statement of recelipts and
expenditures for the curent Wear up
to August 4th. Thestreéasurer Said the
town’s standing was better thas, at the
same time last year. The baltince dye
the bank was only $9,000 coimpareqd
with-$58;000 last year.. He eSiiimated
a rate of 23 mills on the dollng against
26 mills last year would be wyumcient
to meet the year's requiremaines, On
motion: of Mesrs. Atkin ang Coulson,
the rate was struck.at 23 ny(jis and a
by:law put through providing for the
same.

 
 
  

SPORTING GOODS
JOHN HALLAM. Limited

4068 HALLAM BLDG. TORONTO.

 

  
  

L. BERTRAND
FUNERAL DIRECTOR
RACTICAL Embalmer, Murray St.
P Amherstburg. Day or night.

Phone 20
-

 

 

—

WINDSOR.

Michael Lugoski, an AuBtivian, was
fined $32.50, including costs, Monday,
in Windsor police court for ay tempting
to leave the Dominion withgyt per-
mission.

That he new motor fire: apparatus
recently purchased by Windsor from
a local company {8 practically useless,
was reported to the border Clity coun-
cil Monday night by Fire Chile Clar-
ence sDoFields. )

Windsor city council Mondiy night
rejected a plan submitted by T, A,
Kirkwood, of Three Rivers, Que., to
establish a plan on the Canadian ghore
of the Detroit river to bulld wooden
ocean-going steamers for the Alljes.

By large majorities Windsor rate-
payers Friday defeated two by-laws to
authorize debenture issues of $20,000
and $17,000 to cover the cost of bulld-
ing nn isolation hospital and a wmunjcf-
al garage.
r ie weeks, Mrs. Florence C.
Campbell, 70 years old, one of the old.
est members of St. Andrews church,
died Friday morning. Mrs. Campbell,
who was the widow of John A, H.|
Campbell, came to Windsor dn 1870.
Five sons, Mv G. Compbell, of the Kel-
sey Wheel Company, Windsor; John
A. Campbell, of the Wadsworth-Camp-
bell Box Company, Detroit; Lorne D,
Campbell, of the B. & S. H. Thompson
| Company, Toronto; Wallace R. Camp-
bell, of the Ford Motor ‘Company of
Canada, and Kenneth C. Campbell, of
the Edison Illuminating Company, De-
itroit, and one daughter, Mrs. John D.
‘Cameron, of Flint, Mich, survive.

' Clerk’s Notice.

Voters’ List, 1817
First Posting of Voters' » 0
olpal An erdon

a of Essex.
 NomicE: ven “that
ET pe
mentioned Seton J a Hl |
EE ey
2 persons Waeang. by ihe tase oe]

or

   
  

CHAS. LEGGETT

GRADUATE OPTICIAN.

Nineloon years experionce. Hundreds of aa!
tients who aro living testimoni,
Bed uinsients wi Parlors, Main 84., Kingsville

Issuer of Marriage Licenses,
C. P. R. Tioket Agent.

 
 

 

 

 

DR. W. H. McBRIDE,
Veterinary Surgeon.

Office and residonocs : Dalhousie atreet south
' . Amhenitburg. = Bell Telo-
phone Nak ith Calls answered day r night.

 

     
   

    
   
   

    
   
  
    
    
  
   

 

LET US QUOTE You

oo —ON—
"LUMBER, SHINGLES,
| LATH, FRAMES, sash, |
DOORS, ETG.|

Canadian: Brand Wall Board.

Oak Finish Wall i Board.
Bishopric Lath Board.

    
      
   
    
    
    
 
  
  
   
  
 

 
    
  
     

      
    
  
  
  
    
   
 

 

   
    
 

for he
Ik

 

Jack Kennedy sustiiined severe in-

  
    
   
   
   
    
   
  
   
   
 
  
 

dially. But during the game he -sud-
denly arose from the table, declaring
that he would not play with a cheat,
making it plain that Quigley was the
man referred to.

Quigley, ‘who was perfectly innocent
of the charge, retorted. High! words ~
followed, and Ayer struck him. Qujg-
Tey was prevented fyom returning the
blow by the others, who protested
agninst the men fighting under the
host's roof about a matter of cheating
at cards, thereby bringing. a scandal
upon the house and the party.

This left Quigley not only under a
disgraceful charge, but as having. re-
ceived a blow from Ayer that he had
not returned. Under the old regime
of a century or more ago he would
have been obliged to challenge Ayer or
be cut by his friends, Living in the
twentieth century, he was not obliged
to do anything. He let the matter
drop. ‘He did not call at Ayer’s house
any more, but he mep/Mrs, Ayer when
she went out on the street and at the
houses of mutual friends. All he said
to her about’his troubles with her bhus-

  
  
  
 

   
  

 

Planing M 3

{ White satin. Over the toes Is a tiny ning Mill and Lumber-Yard
i Im all the morning, then hag Bone out | thou of satin or leather. This model 3 y

come to hil¥ wife unbidden. He hoped |B 4 : | MHERS URG. ON

tos some Incident, some evidence [And hadn't come back. W ouldn’t papa ||Is extremely simple, in keeping with AMHERSTBURG, ONT,

thrust before her suddenly, might [8° and bring her beck?

to sce her boy once mo;
the irretrievable step.

her husband was usuall
the time and she would not meet him, |
Throwing caution to the winds,

“I have not enough land to buy a tractor.” Don't you know your neighbors
she have every year from 25 to 50 acres that is not, cultivated? Don't you know
called a carriage, alighted near hor for- these idle
mer home, entered and ran upstairs to

find her'son.

Her boy was lying on a bed; pale and
wan, while his father wa
him.

   

nose,” rald Ayer,

oo life or ee —— Sk
oth SHOE STYLES, F resh from the

Quigley begun to feel that he could
no longer brook these Insults, Some of
his friends were telling him that Ayer
was determined in the matter and ft
might better be settled sooner than
later. They advised him to challenge
Ayer and have it ove
posed that the origi
was at the card table. Indeed, few if
any knew that Ayer was trying to
force bis enemy to withdraw his in-
fluence from Mrs, Ayer, Quigley blus-
tered for awhile, but took no action,
But finally noticing a difference In the
cordiality with which his friends greet-
ed him ho gave ih and sent Ayer a
challenge,

Ayer accepted, naming revolvers at
ten paces, every chamber to be emptied
before the firing ceased,

This staggered Quigley, for it meant
death probably to both of the parties,

 

 

   

       

 

 
    
 
  
   
    

   

Tips From Paris About
the New

  
 
 
 

 

Footgear,

  

Eve
r with. All sup- | Paris
n of the matter

ry American model that went to
A year ago showed the extreme.
ly long, narrow shoe, but Paris boot-
makers shortened the vamp when copy.
Ing it for their trade. Tbe shoe that
Is a In mode today ‘and will be for
spring and summer {s the half short
vamp with arch under the foot and
the Cuban heel. If g boot. then {it will
bo the black with colored top bordered
In the patent I¢ather around the lac-
ings at the top, and the seam at the
back will be covered. The top part is
of cloth or covert and the color: beige,
gray or white.

If the shoe is low It will be of

 
  
  
  

  
  

 
   

  

 
 
 
 
 
  

 

 
   

 
  
     
  

    
 
 
  

  
  
 
 
    

        
 
 
  

 
 
 
  

 
  
 
   
  
   
  

  
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  

     
     
 
    
 
 

patent leather with go long tongue that ’
He sent a message to Ayer asking what extends above tho instep and posed WwW E H A V E | N S 1 O C
he could do to avert the Issue. Ayer [over the toes will be a wide binck
replied in a sealed note telling him | buckle—steel, it for afternoon, imita.
that he must neither speak nor write [Hon black enamel |p for morning. x \ Q [ a v
to Mrs. Ayer again. Quigley replied | These two Styles are the best, but SHINGLES, LATH, CEDAR POSTS, BARN BOARDS,
that Mrs. Ayer had applied for a di- [there are a hundred variations, JOI TS, MOULDINGS OF
vorce and had consented to marry him

ALL KINDS, DOOR §
RUBBEROID R00

For evening the smartest thing is the
strapped slipper of brocaded silk=(gen-
erally yellow and white). or else the
slipper” 18 laced “across with ribbons,
then wound about the leg above the
[wklet, filet fashion. Some of the best

bootmnkers shoaw the little old fash.
| loned slipper. cat low with Just one
| 3trip over or above the Instep. This is
for afternoon and evening wear, for it
Is equally pretty In black calf and

ASH,
FING,"

 
 

1S soon as it was obtained, To this
Ayer replied that on his part the affair
would be dropped. But he did not do |
this till he had looked into the court
records and found that his wife had
the day before applied for a separa-
tion,
When Ayer ‘sent hom
he found his wife gone.
asked him what was the
mamma,

WOODEN EA VETROUGH,
BEAVER BOARD.

 
  
    
 
 
 
 
  
  
 

Place your order with us and save money

JOHN FRASER

 
  

© that evening
His little boy
matter with
She had cried and kissed

   

   
 

kd d Fhbbd bd bd ddd dd ddd bdo

 
  
  

tlothes, and it will be In fashion for
t long time.

The toe of all footgenr Is neither
round “hor pointed, just a healthful,
sculptiral cut. The heel for cvening
i slippers is high and curved, but half

\n Inch shorter than the original Louis

XVL, which means that heels are
i Juite moderate nnd simple.
| Tt took Parisiennes a long time to
give up their dearly beloved buttoned
shoe, but once relinquished they have
{mken to the laced article with en.
| husiasm. For elegance they admit
ithe buttoned model Is the best, bug
the other article now. appears 89 femi.
bine to them that it is sure to remain
Frenchwomen of the old school cling
{0 buttons on shoes, ana dealers and
makers have ceased trying to persunde
them that the laced shoe js better than

+

 
  

But day after day, week after week,
month after month, passed and mam-
ma. did not return. She was residing
In a city where divorce is made easy. |
The child was obliged to content him.
sell with his nurse during the day, but
whenever his father Was not at his of-
fice he supplied so far us possible the
place of the mother. Quigley still lived
in the city, but there was not as much
swagger in him as formerly. Somehow
no one seemed to think he had come
out of his affair with Ayer with credit,
and his friends were dropping ofr,

While it was known to the Ayers’ in.
timate friends that Helen was suing
for a divorce, it was not known that |
she was doing so fn drder to marry
Quigley. Divorces usually make it ap-
pear that great Wrongs are committed
by one or both parties, We are horri-

 
 
  

 

 
   
        
       
 
    
  
   

  

   
     
     
    
  
     
    
  
    
  

  
    
   
   

   
 
  
  

It is safe baking a safe flour and a pure flour.
Because it is safe it is the most economical,

Gold Medal Flour is sold under a guarantee of satisfaction or

T.R. FLOOD,

    
 

  
  

  
    
    
   
       
 
 

    
 

 
    
   

   
    

  
 

    
    
   

         
    

   
  

fied at tales of cruelty desertion, an the other. When buttons are used Wholesale Dealer in Grain and Seeds. 1
kinds of inhumanities. While reading re they are half size. and fastidious HARROW, - ONTARIO. :
of them we would suppose that after. Women who can afford it have the bat i )

such suffering neither party will ever ‘D8 of cut jet
again consent to wear the chnins of
wedlock. But once the bond 1s broken,
up pops a man or a woman hitherto
unknown in the proceedings, and the '
decree ds scarcely granted before the pital Fair?
wag bells ire ringing. War conditions will send uniforms
Ielen Ayer had secured her divorce, for. trained nurses into the front rank
had returned, and ft was supposed by E . 5
her friends, except an intimate few, of fashion. Here's n suggestion for the
that she would remain—after the
charges agalnst Ayer her lawyer had
drawn' up for her—an unmarried wo. | (@
man. While this was the supposition,
a marriage license was belng talten out
permitting“Helen Ayer and Schuyler
Quigley to Aved, They were to be pri.
vately married at 6 o'clock in the eve-
ning and take a 7 o'clock train for their
wedding trip,

During the afterndon the bride to be
was seized with an {irresistible désire
re before taking

She knew that
ly at his office at

  

 

 
  
  
    
     
 

NOTE THIS WAR NURSE.

Have You a Good Pattern For the Hos-

 
 

 

   
  
      
      
    
  

 

 
 
  
     
    
  
   

 
 

  

    
 
  

 
    
     
    
   

   
  

  
  
   

 
  

 
   

    
  
 
  
  

     
     
  

  

   
 

 
  

  
   

 

 
  
  

     

  
   

The Tractor has paid us big on our far
mers ‘of Essex County? Do not talk war;

   

m. Why will it not pay you far
but produce. Maybe you will say,

  
    
    
         
    

acres would laugh with joy to.
When the ground is ho

grain in; ypu can also
your feed grinder.

This. is the best time of the year to, buy a tractor. If you are going to 3
put in more than § acres of fall wheat, Have a talk with us, for we have the
tractor or horse implements that will do tha job 0. K., 3

Glve your sons bette

be
t and dry you can always
harvest, thresh and haul y

  

turned over with a tractor?
harrow, work and drill your, .
our grain to market, or run

  
  
   
 

She came upon a mélancholy sight.

 
    
 
  
    
 

8 bending over

    
  
    

“Ob, why didn't you tell me? Why

         
        
        
 

  
  
  
 
     
      
     
      
     

street. Each was w,
As

for Quigley and his companion to bear:

turned and said,
out now,”

attempt ‘at res
‘running thron;
I have | miles fyxm

ditaans | noon. The dead

band was that Ayer bad accused him
of cheating at cards and that every
member of the party present had ex-
onerated him of the charge,

And 50 it was that Russell Ayer by
trying to get rid of the man who was
really his wife's worst enemy, and at
the samé time protect her good name,
only made himself appear to her a very
unjust and ignoble person. She thought
that she was taking care of her reputas
tion by never being with Quigley, ex-
cept when others were present. But
she found it difficult to live with one
man as his wife and bave a love affair
though devoid of criminality with an-
other, y

Ayer followed up his first attack on
Quigley ‘by telling a number of
leys’ friends that he (Ayer) had struck
him and Quigley had not had the man-
liness to resent the blow.

The situation was not pleasing to any
one of the three persons involved. Quig-
ley represented to Mrs, Ayer that he
was refraining from resenting ber hus-
band's insults on her account and beg-
ged her to vindicate him by socuring
a divorce and marrying him. She was
distressed, feeling that this was due
Quigley, but dreading to take a step
that would separate her from her hus-
band and her child.

One day Ayer met Quigley, on the

alking with a friend.
they passed Ayer said loud

     
    
   

I am trying to

uch for Quigley, who
“Well, we'll bave it

     
   
  
   

This was too m

* Pwo lives were lost, one.
cue, in a small’

gh the Govier farm,
Auburn,

slék child.

Russell Ayer tol
tempts to save her.
son for his accusin,
Ing at cards,
insults, the forcing his
| wmwilling challenge.
bad finished by telling
dropped

 

 

   
 

r implements to work with and. they will % more
a ” land with less work. :
Sp 50 Slt Nl. If interseted call 130.21 and we will see you. y |
bent down, passionately encircled the i ‘READY TO ENLIST. —_——— 3
child with her arms and hugged him \ :
to her breast. Then, flinging her hat bospital ‘benefit you will give. The :
and coat aside, she knelt besido the | gown and cape are blue satin, ‘while nna S ons
bed. . the huge apron, cuffs and cap are ’ - :

“Oh, mamma,” cried the child, “how | fashioned of finest white, brgandie. -

glad I am that you have como back !” —_— 9
Then, raising his rms, he placed them Suggestions on Pio and Pie Crust Mak- AGENTS FOR
about her shoulders. “And yod're nev- ing.

er, never going away again, are you?"

And the woman for whom a bride
groom was waiting sald:

“Never, s0 help me heaven!”

Russell Ayer was walking away when
his. wife seized his band and held him.
She attempted to speak to him, bat not
finding words turned again to the boy.
Then Russell knelt beside ber, and, rest.
ing his hand on her waist, the two
turned the ebbing life back:

An hour later Schuyler Quigley, as
be was about to enter a carriage to
 tako him to a church whero ho was to
meet his bride, was startled by a mes-
sage:

* I cannot go. I'will never 800 you again.

One of thoso singular and unaccount-
able Infatuations under which a wo-
man will leave home, husband and chll-
dren, wrecking them and most of all
herself, had como to a sudden end, as
it were, on the brink of the precipice
over which she was abont to plunge.
Her husband could manage the man
who was enticing her, but he could not
manage her. What neither of these
men could do was accomplished by a

)

After the boy came out of danger

d his wife of his at-
He gave the rea-
gE Quigley of cheat
the blow, the subsequent
enemy into an.
Then when * he
her that he had
on learning of her

  
    
     
     
   
 
 

the matter

   
     

. GOSFIELD NORTH.

— ;
Rev. Marcus Jackson, son of
nckson, former township Clerk,

veal. Molsten with the gra
ter. When bot break into | |
four eggs, acording to the quantity of
veal. When the eggs are cooked stir |

| able to me.
the veneer
problems
| face

    
     

One woman states: “To prevent juice
or filling from running out. trim the
undercrust even with cdge of plate, al-
low top crust to bang over balf an inch
after wetting the rim of ple. Press
closely together, then turn the over-
banging crust under the bottom part,
lifting the dough from the plate Tittle
by little and tucking It under all the
way around. Press down to the plate
‘once more. This {s a little more work
than simply pressing the wet edges to-
gother, but your filing won't run out
if you do it. 4 =
When 1 ‘was first married and get-
ting all the information I could about
cookitg a friend told me to put the
water Into ple crust when mixing it ns
though it cost a dollar a drop. Too
wuch water will make ple crust tough,
Do matter how much lard you have
In it

“Another friend told me that I should
use a tablefpoonful of lard to a cupful,
of flour, but if I went by guess 1 could
tell when I bad enough lard'in by mak-
Ing a small ball of the lard and flour,
and If I could toss ft lightly from ono
Hand to the other without breaking it
it ‘would be just right.”

—_—

Egged Veal Hash. LE
Chop fine remnants of cold roast’

 

 

 
 

  
 

The International Harvester Co,, Limited

A Fe Summer Suggestions]

With an eye to your requirements, during the hot weather,
have brought forward the following list of present nece:

Indien) oats... cui ve. vues ton sven iis 18¢, 20c, 25¢
Ladies’ Hoslory, from. ,..... CEE «v...28¢c to BOG

Men's Summer Underwear, per sult... ;

  
     

   
 
    
     
  
      
 
  
 
 
 
  
 

  

 

   
  
  

  
 

we

   
  
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
 

ssities:—

     
   
   
   
   
   
   

   
   

Camara

  
 
 
 
 
   
    
 

 

Mons Overalls, per PIT wens

  
  
 
    
    
    
 
 
      
  
   
   
  
 
  
  

    
   
 
   
     
   
  
    
    
  
 
    
 

Men's Harvesting Shoes (Mule Skin)....
Men's Black and Tan Heavy Shoes...,...

Borris Fraser iamnan SSE

&...... 188 to 280:

We also Invite your atténtion to our full line of Staple Grocaries:,
We confidently recommend our TEA from oo

20c to 60c the fd.

Men's Hoavy Black Shoes. ..... -
Men's Straw Hats, to clear. .

 

    
  
   
     
     

 

b.

     
  
  

  
 
 
  
     
  

into it a spoonful of tter and serve. |
Intended separation sho shuddered, quickly, no to Jour taste shake in a ||
“My God ! How could I have done itr | little parsley. Should you lack quan- |

| And as soon us possible. they were tity, half a cupful of stale breadcrumbs:
“| remarried quietly. . Ee are no disadvantage. oid A

Wish to see
rubbed off, to 16
hich the church has to
the environments ]

  

from
