SR Mothers Know That

|

[mre

erfect Remedy fo)
he Sour Sombre,

Worms,Convu!
ness and LOSS OF SLEEP.

TacSimie Signature of

THE CEN TAUR COMPANY.
MONTREALLNEW YORK

ALG months old

| 35 Dosks =

THE LOVE OF OATS |

Why Normal, Active People Alwa:
hid Grave Oatmeal ye

Oats contain more body-building food than
any other grain that rons, They contain
more energy-giving food, ¥du know their
effect on horses.

Oats contain more organic phosphorus
than any other grain, and phosphorus is the
brain's ‘main constituent, They, contain
more lecithin, and lecithin is the chief
component of the entire nervous system.

Th®'s why workers love oatmeal. That's
why growing children crave it. Itis simply
tho call of nature for what bodies, br:
and nerves require.

But some adtmeal fails to meet these
requirements, Only the richest, plumpest
oats supply afood worth while. The choic-
cst oats are sifted 62 times to get the
grains for Quaker Outs. Only ten pounds
are secured from a bushel, But these fine
oats, when prepared oy the Quaker proc-
ess, supply tho utmost in oatmeal. :

Ontmeal is the most important food you
serves And the best costs only one
cent per dish, Don't supply your table: |

with inferior oats. = |

Madoin Cannda. we

FISH NETS

6

;
QUNS, TRAPS, SPORTING GOODS
: JOMNN HALLAM. Limited

408 “HALLAM BLDG. TORONTO.

-t

L. BERTRAND
FUNERAL DIRECTOR

DRACTICAL Embalmer. Murray St.

a sD night.
Amherstburg. Day or hieht. =

ETT

"GRADUATE OPTICIAR.

N {énce. Hundreds of sails
gE a living. testitionia sn
Rxolusive Opiioal Parl rs, Main 8%. Kingsville

Issuer of Marriage Licenses,
4 ©. P. R..Tioket Agent.

u

DR. W. H. McBRIDE,
“Veterinary Surgeon. . ~~

Offipe and residence : Dalhousie street south
- Wiglo's Mill, Amherstburg. Bell Tele
phono No. 143 Calls Answered day + nights

PECIAL Fares now in effect
E resorts in Florida, Georgia
¢ -.Northand South Carolina; Louis*

+ Tanaand other Southéfri States,

Indies, he LS
~ Beturn Limit May 3ist, 1917
MIBERAL STOP OVERS AL

Por full Information wilts 0, vo

and to" Bermuda and the West

Agant, Amhorath

Union 8
A. WAMARSH. GTR
Ont, Pi : or UA

tation, Toronto, Ont. |

Genuine Castoria

For Over
Thirty Years -

Sandwich West Council. .

. Scturday, March 10th.

Council mot as per adjournment. All
present. Minutes of last meeting
were rend and adopted.

Moved by Mr. Reaume, seconded by
Mr. Rocheleau, that His Honour Judge
Dromgole and W. P. Coyle, County
Clerk, be and they are hereby appoint-
ed arbitrators to nct with P. S. I. D.
A. Maxwell, re- valuation of Hdssets,
ete, for P. S. S. No. 3 and 11.—Car-
ried.

‘Moved: by Mr. Droufllard, seconded
by Mr. Ouellette, thint the resolution of
the ratepayers of P. S. S. No. 11. be
adopted by this council.—Carried.

Moved by Mr. Reaume, seconded by
Mr. Rocheleau, thatitiie requisition of
the Board of P. S. No.-11 be adopted
by this council for a by-law for $11,
000 debentures:—Carried. -

Mr. Reaume gives notice that he will
at the next meeatingy'of this council
introduce wiljy-lay, for the issuing of
debentures for the cost of a school for
P. 8S. S.'No\"11. '-

Moved by Mr. Rocheleau, seconded
by Mr. Reaume, that Jacob Gerard be
pald $10, for road work; Mrs. E. Car-
naghle, $35, for provisions for. poor;
J. J. Bondy, $5.88; for provisions; Nay-
lor, Osborne Co., $6.16, for lumber;
Remi  Laframboise, $6.20, and Fred.
Sorelle, $6.80, for town hall’ repairs;
Fred. Sorelle, $25, for cards .and dis-
infections doue per order of the Bonrd
of Health; the Record Printing 'Co.,
$16.20, for publishing Tila Drainage by-
law; Town of Sandwich, $40.00, for
fire protection; Sam Droujllard $3,
Dolphis Drouillard Estate $2, for road
work:—Carried,

Moved by Mr. Ouellette, seconded by}

Mr. Reaume,. that tenders be called
for the township printing for 1917
and to consist as follows; 200 voters’
list and advertising their distribution,
200 December 15th reports; 3,000 bal-
lots; if required, 4,000 tax demands,
nomination bills and advertising nom-
ination and elections, publishing aud-
itors’ report in detail and advertising
court of revision, and all tenders to
be mailed not later than’ March 16th,
1917, to Township Clerk, at Loiselle-
ville, . Ont.—Carried.

Council adjourned til March 17th at
2pm 3

, ‘MARKED INGREASE
A. 'H. McDONALD, hel, Ontario,
says: Ao ib

“Last spring 1 purchased a quantity
of ‘Homestead Bone Black Fertilizer
from J. K. Baker and from the results
shown by its use on plots of corn and
potatoes, I can confidently recommend
its use on a much larger scale. This
shows the value of Inténsive farming.
If every acre available on an average
farm were properly cultivated and
Homestead fertilizer used judiciously
I am sure the financial*returns would
show a marked increase.”

BELONGS TO GOOD FARMING. ,
GEO. SCHROEDER, Dashwood, On-

tarfo, says:

“I used Homestead Bone Black Fer-
tilizer on outs last spring, leaving one
drill width without, where you could
see the difference of.about a fogt. I
recommend it to any farmer who wish-
es to do good farming, as I think there
is no better.” 2 5

GROWTH SIMPLY WONDERFUL
WILLIAM EVLAND, Sarnia, Ontario,
BAYS I—

“I have used Homestead Bone Black
Fertilizer and am so greatly pleased I
want totell you about it. I hed a piece
of ground where nothing would grow,
not even weeds, and I planted straw-

| berries: and put dome fertilizer on
WED | them nnd the growth is simply wonder.

ful. In fact, it beats anything around
the neighborhood.” )

Write Michigan Carbon Works, De-
trolt, for free book and particulars
about: their. Homestead Bone Black

Fertilizer." 2
ee NS Ce
. SLOW SALE OF SEED OATS.

RH

8 Chund ? aur and
| meréhants A016
purchasiyg: cal

as. to its being

a
Been ordered for all points

Jacob Sitter, of Cayugn,, is visiting
with Wm. Booke—Ernest and Loraine
Quick visited [n'scamiugton this weok.
~—Gdorge Gonld was ot Sondwich Inst
week, being one of the jurors.—Mra.
George Blight viited in the city on
Monday.—Charles Grainger, of Cot-
tan, callpd on friends here last week,

5 Gestb.

Miss Ethel E.-Sweet, Who recently
returned home from the Philippine ‘i
lands, and sister, Mrs. Dale Atkinson,
visited last week with relatives here.
~—Mrs. M. W. Heaton, who went to
Roginn, sask., some wedks ngo to
see ler slater, Mrs, M. Borrett, re-
turned home lost week. Mrs. Barrett
{8 reported somewhat hetter.—George
Colenutt, son of Mr. and Mrs. George
Colenutt, of the Maluen Road "slipped
away to Charing Cross the fore part of
last week,” and was married there on
Wednesday morning to Miss Hannah
Russell, daughter of Silas Russell, of
Charing Cross, the ceremony being
performed at the Methodist parsonsge
by Rev. J. BE. Hunter. The young
couple were supported by Miss Violet
Knott and Charles Russell. They are
spending a few days In Detroit and
other places fn Michigan, and on thelr
return will reside on the Colenutt
homestead on the Malden road... The
many young friends of the yoimg cou-
ple will unite in offering sincere con-
gratulntions in which The Echo joins.
—Things are -pretty quiet these days
around this little hamlet. The roads
have finally broken up and with the
axception of angoccosionnl Ford, traf-
fic {a pretty well tied up.—Fred. Mit-
chell ds the last happy purchaser of a
Ford car.. Fred. says he likes his big
car all right, but there is nothing Nhe
the Ford for economy.—Mrs. GeéOrge
Colenutt is seriously il. On this ac-
count the Ladies’ Ald changed its place
of mesting and met at the parsHnoge
last wegk.—Mrs. George Blight has
been visitng In Windsor.—Tom Croz-
ler’ and family, who have spent the
winter at Mr. Pickett's, have returned
to their home in Saskatchewan, —Mrs.
Donald McKenzie, of Detroit, Visited
at her home, at Robert Hart's, last
week.—The Rural Community Im:
provement Club met on Friday night
at Pearl Pugh's. It took the form of
a St. Patrick's ‘concert. A special
study of Ireland's men of fame. It was
as good as a trip around the globe;
as great Irishmen seem to bo found
everywhere. A special feature of the
club lost week was the Onlooker's ve-
port and the Prophet's message. —The
subject in: the Methodist church last
Sunday was “Lot's wife and Her Pus-

ra —
LEAMINGTON.

Mrs. Jane Armstrong, wife of the
late Thomas Armstrong, is critically
fll at her home on Mill street east,
suffering from high blood pressure,

She Is 73 years of age'and the mother |

of Reeve Armstrong, of Mersea.

R. P. Douglas, who for the past’ year
and half hos been in the office of
the I County Light & Power Co.
here, has resigned to enter the: Royal
Cancdian Flying Corps. He left Wed:
neésdny for Toronto to take up his new
duties, and the position he left {8 now
filled by Fred. Shaw. Before. leaving
the office staff and construction crew
of the Light & Power Co. presented
Mr. Douglas with a handsome Mas-
onic ring:

As an evidence of how the railways
are -tied up, the Empire Tobacco Co.
has shipments “or tobacco made in
January from this place to Montreal,
which have not reached St. Thomas: yet.
They apparently have beon sidetracked,
owing to a congestion of traffic.
Twenty or thirty carloads of tobacco
are now waiting at the
warehouse herp to be moved out, ‘and
the warehouse is-so full that little, If
any more tobacco can be taken in at
present. .)

Joseph Anderson, aged 72 years, an
inmate of the House of Refuge, passed
away Saturday forenoofi of last -week;
death being due to tuberculosis. He
had been an inmate of the institation
for about eight years, coming from
Pelee Island. Very little fs known of
the listory of thé deceased. = It is
dtated that he reached these parts by
drifting in on a boat which went to
pleces in, a storm off Belld Point
many years ago. He afterwards went
to Pelee Island, where he remained
for some time, and then failng in
health was sent to the House of. Re-
fuge heres” Burlal took place Monday
afternoon in the House of Refuge bur-
fal. plot,” Rev. Rural Dean Kinder of-
ficiating. 1

There was a good attendance at the
annual meeting of the’ . ningfon
Bowling Club at Wm. Smith & Son's
on Fridayievening Inst. Tha following
officors were elected for the énpulng
year: Hon. President, Capt. W. G,
Gidley; President, Hez. Milkins; 1st
Vice-President, G. 8. Borrowman; 2nd
Vice-President, Jolin Hutchinson; Sec.
rotary-Treasurer, B, W. Cox; Execu-
tive. Committee, John "A. McDonald,
Harry Lendon, L. J. Wright, E. Sharpe,
and Wm. Smith. Jt was decided to
have the green rowired so that'ft will
bo better lighted. A series of club
games will be arranged to Increase the
interest In Jiome bawling. The annual
tournament this year will be) held on
the usual date, Libor Day. yy

The ‘Leamington | Boys’ and Girls’
Potato Club {s off with a_good start.
Probably fifty have signified their In-
tention to hecome charter members.
At a meoting held at Kitchener Place
on Tuesday night the following per
manent committee were present: Rev.
A. W. Shepuierd, D. W. -Anderson,
Douglas Maynard, John A. Campbell,
Harry Lendon; Rev. J. 8. kle,
Harry Gallagher, George W. Jackson,
'E. H. Damude and W. T. Gregory: The
chinirman of each sciool board was
‘also added to the gexeral committee
and a’ member from the Leamington,
South Gosfield and Masraea Agricul
tural Soclety. Mayor Wigle haa dos.
nated the use of several acres of vac-
ant lots. The town has turned o
Wo acres an the. Atwell prype
ull manure taken from tho stree)

|
|

| shall in no case extend above the grade given by the engineer

company’s |

pid .

A By-Law to provide for the cleaning out, enlarging, deepenin extending
and otherwise Im roving. 10 Water course Known as the Bailey Drain, in
the Township of Mal d for the borrowing on the credit of the Muni
clpality of the Township of Malden the sum of $1,017.00; being the funds
required for the. | cleaning, enlarging, deepening, extending and other-

, wise improving the said Bailey Drain,

Provisionally adopted the 6th day of March, 1017.

Whereas one E. J. B , owner of part of Lot Number elghty-two (82)
in the Seventh Concession of this Townshp, hag given notice to this Municis
pality that the Bailey Drain {s out of repair and does not provide sufficient
drainage for his portion of sald Lot Number Bighty-two (82) in the Seventh
Concession of the said Township of Malden.

And whereas thereupon the Council of the Township has procured a sur-
vey and an examination to be made by Charles Ross McColl, being a person
competent for such purpose, of the sald ares proposed to be drained and the
means suggested for the drainage thereof, and of other lands and roads liable
to bo assessed under the Municipal Drainage Act, and has also procured
plans, specifications and estimates of the drainage work to bo made by the
snid Charles Ross McCall'and ah assessment to be made by him of the lands

I herby certify that the fore,

on the 6th day of March, 194%
day of i.

Hall in the Township of Malden, on

vision has jurisdiction.

ronds liable for contribution thereto, stating as nearly as he can the propor-
tion of benefit, outlet lability and injuring liability, which in his opinfon
will be derived or incurred in consequence of such drainage work by every
road and lot, or portion of lot, the said assessment so made being the nssess-
ment hereinafter by this By-law enacted to be assessed and levied upon the
ronds and lots or parts of lots hereinafter in that behalf specially set forth
and described, and that the report of the sald Charles Ross McCall in respect
thereof, and of the said drainoge work being as follows:
Windsor, November 28th, 1916.

To the Reeve and Municipal Council of the Township of Malden: —

Gentlemen,—In accordance with your instructions I have made a survey
and examination of the Balley Drain in your Township, and of the southerly
portion of Lot 82, Con. 7, with a view to provide drainage for certain parts
thereof, and beg to report thereon as follows: —

I commenced my survey at stake 0 at the outlet of the drain Into Long
Marsh Drain, and followed its course upstream to its head ot stake 87.30, and
thence surveyed an extension of the drain to stake 92.60 at the middle of
Lot 82. 1 found the lower part of the drain badly filled with sediment, etc.,
and the middle and upper portions of the drain also badly filled, and would
recommend that the drain be deepened and Improved and extended to stake
92.60 in accordance with the accompanying plans, profile and specifications.

From stake 87.30 to stake 92.60 there {s already a ditch whose value to
the work I' have estimated at $15.00, which sum {8s to be paid to William A.
Balley, owner of S 14 NAW Lot 82, the owner of the ditch,

I further find that ebch of the following owners is entitled to and should
receive the following amounts as compensation for damages to lands and
crops, if any:—

Con. 7" Pt S pt'78..
W 3% BE %

the Referee during the six weeks next

BY-LAW No. ...

A By-Law to provide for Drainage
work, in the Township of MALDEN, in
the County of Essex, and Jor borrowing
on the eredit of the Municipality the

sum of $1261.00 for completing the
same, ¥

Provini ‘nally adopted , this fifth day of
Murch, 1017.

Whereas (he Towoahip of Colchester Sonth
did by petition Initiate the work of fwproving
tho Chiles Shepley Drain. s portion of which
isin Malden Township, and did assess race
payers in Malden the sum of $1261.51 for their
sabre of improving (he sald drain.

And. whereas the sald Cour ol of Colchester
South procured wn examinstin to be made by
J.J. Newman, Olvil ‘Eoginecr, boing a person
cowopetent for such purpose. ofithe sald area
proposed to be drained and ofthe means sug:
Routed for the drainage thereof and of other
lands and roads liable to assessment under the
of Mupicipal Drainage Act, and hasniso procured

0 plans. specifications and estimates of the drain.
00.] ago work to be minde by the axid J. J. Now
00 | wen, GC E., and an ussesnoont 10 be made

by him of the lands ard s0ads to be lenefit-
00.] ed by such drainage work and of otbor lands
00 | and roads lishle for ooutribauon there to
00 stating, an nesrly =a bo can the propor
00 tion of benefit, outlot lability ana i juin
00

Louis Barron
.John Renaud ...
-Albert Pillon 3,
.Thomns Martin ..
.Edward Burns ..
..John Waters .
.Willlam A. Bailey
..Charles A. Bailey

William A. Bailey

1 have provided for these in my estimates.

I have also provided for an allowance of $18.00 for a farm bridge for
Charles A. Balley, owner of part of lot 86, Con. 7, to be paid to him.

My estimate of the cost of the whole of the above work together with
all Incidental expensep is the sum of $1,017.00, © Of this amount I have
assessed the lands which are benefitted by or which use the sald drain as
an outlet with the sum of $977.00, and the Township of Malden for:roads with
the sum of $40.00, as is more fully set forth in the schedule of assessments
hereto annexed, ; £

Accompanying thig report you will find plan, profile and” specifications
and schedule of nssessments.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

(Signed) C. R. McCALL, C: E.

liability which, in his opinion, ‘will be derived
or tpourred in consequeuge of Wuch urain-
age work Ly overy ruad and lot or portion
of lot, tho mld adacsrment so made. belug tho
assessment hereinaiter by (hia By-law enacted
10 be assessed and levied, upon the 10uds ani
lota or parts of lo's hercinafter in that beb
pecially sot forth and describod: and there:

ut of the anid J, J. Newman, C, E. {0 resprot
haeréof and of the suid drarnsgo work being es
follows :—

To tho Reeve and Vunfeipal Councillors of
jhe Township of Oclchoster bunt

Gontlomen: —

In scgordantn with your instruc.
tion [ have made an « xamjustion. survey. oto.,
of the Charles heplay Drain on tho West and
North Townline roads between the Township
of Qolohester Houth and Malden and now 10-
pore thereon aa folluwa:— * th West aldo of

commenced my survey on the Weal 0 of
Specifications for the repair, improvement and extension of the Bailey | the west frwnlioe road vhare the cai door

Drain in the Township of Malden. - | find « {ts outlet in the Long Marsh Drain thence
The improvement shall commence at stake 0 at the outlet of the drain | 20 the Westuido of the raid road South to the

. South sido of the 4th Concession (Townline)

and shall follow the present course of the drain upstream to stake 87.30 at | pond thence West on the South side of the
the head of the drain;.nnd ‘thence shall be extended southerly in a direct | 8bove mentioned road to she Kass side of the

21
line 8 stake 92.60 at the line between the north and south halves of Lot 82, | Yy's Townline rand & distanos of about 280f eel.
Con. 7. = = a

The drain shall have the depths, bottom widths and section: as shown on
the profile and when completed shall have an even and uniform bottom which

 

Description Township

The side slopes shall be even and uniform and not less than one and one-
ouarter feet horizontal to one foot vertical on each side, :

All brush in theicourse of the drain and on the bank where the earth is
cast shall be removed and burned. a £

The earth excavated from the drain sBall be disposed of as follows: —
From stake 0 to stake 9 the earth shall be chst on either or both sides of the
drain Bs the commissioner may direct; from stake 9 to stake 92.60 the earth
excavated from the n shall be cast on the side of the drain opposite to
that on which the fence is, and spread and levelled over a space of twenty-
five feet in good shape for easy cultivation. A ‘berm of five feet shall be left | 1;
between the edge of the drain and the excavated material. 8 12

The culvert or farm bridge at stake 57.30 shall be a pipe of atleast 3
thirty (inches inte ameter placed with the Invert six inches below the |i; N
 grade-of the drain on-the profile; or other bridge of equal capacity. io 4 a Bl i

The outlet of all ditches entering the driin shall not be obstructed with 1% Biden. Lon,
material taken from the drain. ar

Colghester Bouth
Colohiestor Bouth
Colehoster Bouth
Colcliealor South
Cole x Souih
Colaliéstor <outh
Colohestor Bouth
Colchester South
Colchester Routh
Colchester Bout

=

1
3

smaz
2 Zz

1
H
(1)
7
9

zzm
>

8

v3

10

55%

81 1}
pe 1, Con. by,
101, Cop. 4 y

mE
="

Malden

provisionally adopted by the Municipal Counell of
and Lually
1917.

NOTICE.
Notice is hereby given that a Court of Revision w

1917, at the hour of 2 o'clock in the afternoon t.
plaint that may be mhde under the foregoing
in respect of any matter In the sald By-law over

Further notice is hereby given that an

and roads to be benefitted by such dralnnge work, and of other lands and {he BY lay, on iny part thoreor, quadiod must, not later than ten

of the Municipality of his intention to make application for that purpose to

“AK = Got

is a true and correct, copy of a
the Township of

passed by the sald Council on tho
HOWARD GIBB, ©

Saturday, the 31st day of March, A. D,

0 hear aud consider any com-

which the said’Court of Re-

yone intending to apply to have
from

writing upon the Clerk and Reeve

after the final passing of sald By-law.
HOWARD GIBB,
Clerk of the sald Municipality,

an award made by A. Buird, C. E., dated fo
omber BUgh, 1698, and in ite ne
is tos shallow and not of ped mir capnoity Lo

afford & proper autles for sh roads
is was intended to drain. AN,

ln order 16 overcome these diffloulties and
thus »fford a proper outlet for the inns and
sflected, 1 would reo.mmend that this drain
bu cleaved out, despened and Improved in
sccordance with (ne accotopan yiog pi«fie and
specifications, cv

Law) flud thas {8 will be ‘necessary to con-
struct a new
drain crosses the 4h, Concesmiun (1. wullne)
road, I bave provided for this in my estjinates
as is provided for under sub-section 1 of metion
9, of the Mu pal Dr insge Ack, :

Lois, fina wach of the following ow ners [8
entitled to cald rec the 10)b. wing =
Amounts as compensati n for dansges 1. nods
and crops (If any) for. constroctiug an a
bridge 1n order to give the uwoers rar
accews to rravelled postion of the Townline road
and for allowance fur 1. sod WV. Direin.

1 have uaseased the lands iu the Township of
Maiden whirh are ben: fisted by or uso ot thin
sald drain as an outles with the sum of 3321.50
and the Township of Maiden for jonds with’
the sum of ¢50.00 and the Township of b aiden
for its portion of the cost of the highway
bridge wilh the sum of §00.00 thus making the
lal mssessment on the Township of Maiden
tho sum of #1201 £0, as 1s more fully ses 11h
in tke scheaonle of assesyinent herets astsched.

I havo provided for theso in my estimates as
to provided for under subsections 2 as amend-
od ana 5 of Beotion 9, of the Municipal Drain.
ego Act.

My estimate <f tho ecst of the whole of the
abuve work, together with ali focidental expen-
Hes is the sun of $2700 (0.
nuve areessed the jauds in the Townibip of
Calchester Bouth which are benefited by or
use of tho sald drein as an outlet with the rum

for $144 0 and the Townstiy of Colobeste r South

for the rosds with the aun of $M 0 and the
Townaliip of Colchester South far ita portion of
the cost of the Higliway bridua with the sum of
$20 00 thuamakfrg the tote! assessment on the

1 owpship of Colohests ¥ Bourh the sui of $1435 40
as is more fully sct forth in tue schedule ofs
anos ment herote nitachea.

I further recomend that this drain be kept
up sod maintained at the expense of the lands
and roads heyein srucssed fur iia construction
and in the jroportivu herein contsined until
otherwise doterinined by the report of sn En-
finear unser the provisions of tho Muniaipal
Irainago Act. - “

accompanying this report you will finde ,
copy of this 1eport, plavs and sw {fications
for service apon the Lownship «4. hinlden, as
is provided for In the Municipal Dyaiuage Acs.

All of which: Is respoctfully submitted.

~ Y. J. NEWMAN, C.E.

Windeor, Ont., Sept. 20th; 1016.

 

Owned by

Chas.

J. A 'Flepheus.
‘Thos. Wood
J.C. Brush
Richa dscn
Harvey Smith
Jos Grant...
F. Henton
Jos. Graus.
Townabi

=cus. [A

%- cBousE
25: z23s838s

40 0)
40 (0,
10

10 00)

Township of

 

. 19 Rasds _
Il the work is to be done in a neat and workmanlike manner to the And whesvus \Lg »ald Council are of the
satisfaction of the commissioner in charge of the work. opinion that tho drainage work, described is
(Signed) C. R. McCALL.

Te tho eald Monfeipal Connell of the
ho

+ Estimated .cost of the Balley Drain and ‘extension {n-the Township on 5

Malden. ¢

Of | suid Township ot Malden, pursuant= to “the
J provisions the Municipal, Drainage Ack
Sec. 1—Stake 0 to stake, 18, 1,800 feet... oo, ..ruiiniai.s $ om [ienacts us follows: :
Sec. 2—Stake © 18 to stake 39.50, 2.150 feat, : ES 0D | Te a Dh re
Sec. 3—Stake 39.60 to stake 60.50, 2,100 feet.

Sec. 4—Stake 60.50 to stake 81.50, 2,100 feet,... 3 : isle

Sec. 6—Stake 81.50 to stake 92.60, 10g feet... . 05. nL

162
131
176
142
110

00 | adopted, and tho drainages work therein
0p | indicated and so: forth ahell bo made an
00 constructed in accordsnce therewith. & a

\ aud That tho Reove of the said Township of
1don way borrow on the credit of tho Coypor-
00 | ation of the said Township of Malden, the
sum of one thousand two hundred and sixty
ono dollars fifty counts. being the sald muni-
ortion of the funds necessary

720
18 00
16
92
36
17

Estimated cost of construction

Allowance for culvert at stake 87.30
Allowance for present ditch from stake $7.30 to stake 92.60.
Allowance for damages due to spreading earth
Survey, report, plan, etc......

Expenses on survey

Extra work for Clerk

Publishing By-law

Court of revision....

Registering By-law

Letting, superintending and inspecting

25 00 | of the »
t annum, that is to say io
Hu Son oquald annual insta liente meds ap io

incipal and the int
2 00 en. dabents es to the pa
50 00 | 5OBRDUL!

$ 1017 00

>The Improvment of the Charlis_ Sheple:
on ais on pars of and road in tho Township whould Lest and pay toward the said
imyrovement nnder the respective headings:

lof 1ands 1And roads in tho Townibip of Male

vs Bank, Aniherstbure, Ontario, avd to have ©
a tuched to them Coupons for the ps) ment of
ntor .

grd-For paying the sum «f ux o), bein)

th ount charged against tho sald Isudsand.

roads for banefit, snd the sum of 8261.50 tho"

amount ¢harg, gainst said lands snd

for outlet liability, and vm of $25)

awount charged ot inet tho

roads for injuring liability, ds

aud roads belo ging {0 of coutraliea by thy

mn iolpality and fo covering intare

on for (en yoars sy theiate of six po ¢

sanun , the following total special

and above all other ects) Talay

arsesand, laviod and ooflected (in the samo

wanner and at the eame time se otlor taxes

aro levied) upon and frm the under meution=

od of lots d roads, amd
specia) raten
Jot cr jure of

ot respectively shall be divided jnto ten

equal _paity, and ono such pars shell be

avon pinvled and collected a ey akin

onch year for (en years a 13 LJ I». »!

of thi by: sw, during whioh the HE tres

ersed for the PRT .
Drevin.” tepether with the 1 monn”

 

’ (Signed) C. RaMcCALL. >

And whereas the sald council are of-the opinion that the drainage of the %
ar¥a described 4s, desirable. \

* ‘Therefore the sald Municipal Council of the Township of Malden, pursuant !
‘to the proyisions of the Municipal Drainage Act, enacts as follows: —

1st. That the said report, plans, specifications, assessments and estim-

ates are hereby adopted and the drainage work as hergin indicated and set
forth shall"be made and constructed in accordance therewith. : 2
** “2nd. The Reeve of.the. said Township may borrow on the credit of the | —————
Corporation of the said Township of Malden the sum of 1,017.00, being the
funds; necessary for the work not otherwise provided for and’may issue
debentures of the corporation to that amount fn sums of not less than $50
cach and payable within ten yearh from the date of the sald debentures with
Interest at the rate of 6, per centum per annum, that is to say in ten equal
annual payments, such debentures to ba payable at the Malsops k in the
Town of Amherstburg, and to have attached to them coupons for the pay-
ment of interest.

3rd. For paying the sum of $636.00, the amount charged against the
said lands and roads for benefit, and the sum of $441.00, the amount
cl against the said lands and roadn for outlet lability, apart from
lands and ‘roads belonging to or controll¢d by the Municipality, and for cover-
ing interdstithereon for 10/years at the rate of 6 per centum per annum, the
following total special rates, over and above all other rates, shall be nasoased,
layled and collected (in tho-same manner and at the same time as other taxes Yon years

levied and collected) upon and from the undermentioned lots and parts of ! yale on the
lots and roads, and the amount of the said total special rates and Interest | produce sta fequired
against each lot or part of Jot respectively shall be divided into ten equal bir fe penal
parts, and ane such part shall be nsgéased, levied and collected resaid, taxes are levied
In each year for ten years after the final passing of this by-law, Aivin which y
the said tures have to run. « % .

_Ath For paying the of $40.00, the amount assessed tgainst the said

Jands of the Municipality, and for covering interest. thereon for ten

centum per annum, a special rate oie Solas ow

Ye yearly amount ‘therefor

3 § SAl A
J levied and colleéted 3 d A
on xl dan ©0 ) upon and from the whole

Los or Part

Lan
Owners Name! a or

7

BO senvecsarasensis © 80
Pars 8 Epart 100 0
8 EB Part 100 :

rd

BE PL Ni102.. 1b

he

Total for Banefit
oral fos Brides
ral for
. ”

Pos coeTer { Conceeaton

Jove Aitutude 3 ‘and collected (in the'same mi
o time as
10 proj ) ‘of Malden In each year for ten years

this bylaw, during which the said debentures have
4 GihaeY he

2% 0 ow

STH 120 00

Value of Benefit
Valoe of Outlet
Tota} Value of
To cover Tutorest
for )i) yoars at six
centum par aon'm
Total Sp celal Rate
ment during each
year for 10 years

Improvement

a1
El

$2500 $10 00
: 800

Lug
2
= Yau?

228352

45 00

|sz-
888 288
[Soe Zu :
28822
Bb

tT]

5

¥

22 g
il

x B

90
[i

—— ee

SING JO $251 60 $1961 50 $452 50 1714 00° $171 40

NOTICE
No e—
NOTICE ia hereby @iven that a Coortof

+

| sion will bs beld at tho Town 11all, fn the Town
 ehip of Malden, on Batarday the 31st day of

March A.D. 1017, at tbe hour of 9 o'clock’
in.be nA) hear and. consider any
complaint which way be made undor the
foregoing by-law or any, other Simian.

sped of any maWer in the ssid

1n | whieh tbewald Cousat bys jutisdiotion,

Further noties ivan that avy

 

Clerk. = °
ill be held at the Town

By-law or any othgr complaing

Highway bridge av wiwre this ©

Of this amount. I + © ©
