New Spring
Wall Papers

“wall for things to settle down” before repapering the home,

Right now 18 the time to take adv.
do the decorating while things are

’

not rushed to the limit.

Do not walt until everyone Is too busy to give you his best service and

attention.
We invite you to pay us a visit and look over

STAUNTON'S WALL PAPERS

- R.

The Largest Manufacturers of Wall Paper in Canada

Spraying Material
Soluble Sulphur Sulphur in Bags

Lime Sulphur Solution
Arsenate of Lead.

We are headquarters for all Spraying Materials and solicit your inquiries
and orders.

Our stock of ROYAL PURPLE SPECIFIC for poultry and stock is com-
plete and second to none. This line puts money right back into your pocket
doublefold for amount invested, and more, too.

ROYAL PURPLE CALF MEAL also on hand, and if you have never used
this in raising young calves you owe it to yourself to investigate, as many are
making more moneéy out of the lls saved and raising better calves with
Royal Purple Calf Meal. A

See Us When in Need Of Linseed Meal, Gleuber and Bpsom Salts for
stock, Poultry Foods, Oyster Shell, ete., etc.

Large shipments arriving daily of Poultry Netting, Screen Doors and
‘Windows, Bleycles, Automobile Tires and Assessories, all purchased early

at, the right price, and to avoid delay. | ;

FRESH PORTLAND CEMENT
Large Carload Expected This Week.

Place your orders now and protect yourself against delays, ete.,
might be caused through transportation and labor troubles.

that

We are doing everything” possible to keep up our customary first-class
service, to our customers {in spite of the many obstacles presented by the war
situation. Help us to do this by anticipating your hardware wants as well

in advance as possible.

Leave your orders with us and be protected agninst delays and higher
prices.

"w

Yours, as usual, for bigger business,

C. RICHARDSON & SON

GENERAL'HARDWARE,

HARROW.

‘We havé sold more harness in Janu-
ary and February this year than we
have in the same two months for sev-
eral year%, all because our customers
have taken advantoge of buying from
us goods that were bought months ago
when the priees wore not so: high, 7

TR

HARNESS
Not so high

Single Harness from $15.00 up. Collars from $2 up.

We have stocked a large quantity of ROYAL PURPLE
CALF MEAL at last year’s prices.
] HARROW

CHAS. WEBSTER ONTARIO

THE HARNESS MAN.

e Your Eyes Tested FREE

Hav

“Jeweler and
Optician

Harrow

Heavy. Weather Yet!

> a

pr TY gr

¢ MEN’S SUITS AT COST PRICE

i Maréh weather demands heavy clothing to ward off grippe,
col pneumonia. - aN rh

: - a ‘from our stock of Heavy Sultings, Fleece-
r Lined ahd Woollen Underwear, Heavy Caps, Socks, Rubbers, |
bt Boots, Ren : :

: peclal all goods for Saturday

4 ee stank i ies ols us to move the Winter Goods

It is Inconcelvable that anyone would be 80 unwise as to sit down and

antage of a favorable opportunity to

| Dr, Husser will give a

. | was enjoyed by all fn games and

STAUNTON'S Wall Pipers are at once artistic and practical. '

STAUNTON'S Wall Papors phases walug out of proportion to theft cost.
pers have individual merit and do not follow :
’ 1

in a rut.

STAUNTON'S Wall Pa

STAUNTON'S Wall Papers possess variety large enough to fulfill the re-

| quirements of anyone.

STAUNTON'S Wall Papers are not a speculation, but a safe Investment.

STAUNTON'S Wall Papers represent ddeas and ideals,

by experts, colored by. experts,

ful decoration.

BOYCE & GO.

THE EOHO IS THE OFFIOIAL PAPER OF THE TOWNSHIP OF OOLCHESTER SOUTH.

{EASTER

sdroeelrfocdecfisfedecl dob orberdestich ole do olobsshole odode

! HARROW. }§

dhofeterbbrdecd cbt detbobelebeodeobe ob boleh desl dort

Mrs, James Drummond continues
very low.

Mahlon Thrsher spent a few days
in town.

Mrs, Ed. Shaw visited friends In the
city last week.

Misa_Annie Ruthven
few days in the city.

Mrs; Mary Shaw spent a few days
in Windsor, last week.

sJoseph Iler, of Windsor, has been
visitng at Gordon Quick's.

Miss, Beatrice Brush Is spending a
couple of weeks in the city. :

Get Dyola Straw Hat’ Color at Dar-
them at Darby's Drug Store.

Mr. and Mrs. T. B. Adams visited
over Sunday at BE. L, Adams’, Windsor.

Mrs. Clarence Hutchins, of Kings-
ville, visited Mrs. Robert Hilton. this
week.
. Mrs. H. Chope, of Detroit, Is visiting
with her parents, Mr, and Mrs. Alonzo
Brush.

George Branton and bride, of St.

is spending a

Thomag, are visiting at E. Affleck’s, |
F J % |tist church held their monthly busi-

“Sunnyhill Farm.”

Mrs. J. K. Holland, of Walkerville,
visited Inst week with her sister, Mrs,
A. GC. Cunningham, ’

Photographs.—Now is the time to
telephone for appointments. W. D.
McVey, Oxley Beach. .

Mrs. A. Richardson spent the week
end with her daughter, Miss Maude
Richardson, of Windsor,

The Rev. Dr. Hussar: conducted an-
niversary services {n the Cottam Meth.
odist church Inst Sunday.

Miss Hazel Richardson, of Windsor,
has returned home after visiting her
brother Ellis, of Marsheld.

The Rev. J. BE. Russ conducted the
services in the Presbyterian church,
Amherstburg, on Sunday last”

Pte, Walter Richardson, of Windsor,
thanks the Women's Institute for their
kindness in sending him socks. ;

Rev. J. E. and Mrs. Russ left yester-
day (Thursday) to spend a few weoks
visiting relatives at Teeterville,

Miss. Hughson will have a display

her home on Landsdowne avenue.
Rain Coats made to your

Harrow.

on Friday evening. A nice sum was
replized. .

Mrs. (Rev.) Husser took both ser-
vices in the’ Methodist church last
Sunday, and gave two very fine and
helpful addresses.
G. Halstead and Carey Drummond,
of Windsor, were callers here Tues-
day.—Ramus Little, of Windsor, spent
thie week-end in town,

Wallle Buchanan succeeds Douglas
Herdman fn W. R. Boyce & Co.'s. Mr,
Herdman will soon “be following the
plow and wielding the hoe on his new
farm,

Services in the Baptist church next
Sunday at the usual hours. Sunday
school and Adult Bible Class at 10 a.
m; public worship at 11 a.m. and 7.30
pam.
P. Hallo and Son ape preparing to
remodel the Interior of thelr store for
the purpose of getting room to instal
a stock of groceries and extend thelr
operations. 4
The meetings of the Young People's
Society on Friday évening are hecom-
ing very-interesting indeed. The Idegj
of the Soclety is a worthy one, for the
need of fdeal citizenship - was Navar
fErastor a it is _to-dny. b

© Patriotic Leagua shipped y
week to Hynmn Hall, Lonionn a Shs
containing 51 pairs socks, 27 flahnel
shirts, 7 pyjama suits, 3 scarfs, valued
at $107. This makes the third ship-
mont Sifice Christie: A

The es’ of the Methodist)
church will hold thejr Easter tlogish
Monday evening, April 9th. The Rev.
stereopt 4
entertainment In connection prin
entitled “The Holy Land and the Pas-
sion History.” Keep, thls date in mina,

A. C..Cunningham's pleasing. features
‘| have been marred by" a highly discol-
ored right eye. His explanation is that
his young son landed on the optic wi

who will watch that Iad's future with
much Interest.

»

A very pleasant surprise party. was

‘Howard Renno
In honor of their son Orville, it |

his elghtaenth birthday. The even;
tests. ‘Mrs. Renno served -
dainty lunch. = vi iii;
Services In the Methodist church
:—10 am., Sun-

Be sure you buy STAUNTON'S

Our Enster Post Cards aro unsurpassed

Ie, 3c, Sc.
Easter Novelties, 5c.

THE SENTINEL STORE

BELL BLOCK HARROW

Mrs. A. Wright Is improving from
a recent illness.

Miss Eva Hilton entertained nine of
her girl friends at her ninth birthday
on Tuesday evening.

Leo Munger, who enlisted in the
British Marine Service, was greatly
disappointed upon arriving at Halifax
to find that he could not pass the stiff
medical examination he went up
against there. He never knew before
that his heart was affected, and his
application was turned down by thé
Board, He had intended entering the
wireless service on a British man of
war. He arrived home this week.

The Adult Bible Class of the Bap-

ness meeting on Tuesday evening at
the home of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas
Vincent. A very pleasant evening was
spent by one of the largest gatherings
in the history of the class. An excel-
lent program was furnished by mem-
bers of the class. During the even-

Guaranteed by thé makers to turp 24 [first of April.
(| hours' rain, at Brookland's, the Tallor, | 3ppréciated here, . more

COB8" of th
his heel when he wus playing with tore Sucating the’ youth of our

him... This Is acceptod by his friends, |

given at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
an Saturday evening

3

ing plans were discussed for the im-
provement of the schoolroom.

The Masonic panquet held last
Thursday evening. in the Masonic
lodge rooms was one of the most suc-
cessful in the annals of the order. A
sumptuous spread was followed by a
splendid program of readings by Miss
Florence Shafer, of Detroit; a solo,
by J. H. Madill, and gramphone selec-
tions. W. Bro. Anderson was in the
chair, which he filled in a very pleas-
ing manner.

The Pere Marquette has not yet
sent an answer ta the council's peti-
tion for a restoration of their former
service, but it is understood along the
line that as the Company's. transfer

of trimmed millinery March 31st, at [Steamers went on the route from Port

Stanley to Comneaut Wednesdey, the

order. |0ld service will re.commence on the

This will certainly be
particularly

there aré po. other means of

where

Mrs, Clarence McLean was hostess | Betting out except on the Pere Mar-
at a patriotic tea given at her home |Quette.

The I. O..0. F. purpose giving the
people of thig vicinity a rare treat
by way of a first clues concert to be
given In thelr commodious hall on
Tuesday, April 2nd.  Miss-Florence
Shafer, why delighted those who at-
tended the Masonic banquet, will be
present and will be assisted by im
company consisting of a pianist, a
violinist and a baritone, all from the
Detroit Conservatory of Music. A few
numbers by Joeal talent will make one
of the best programs that has been
given here for gome time. Full par-
ticulars will be given later. See bills
and posters {oF particulars.

Judge Smith presided at Division
Court here on Tuesday. Owing to the
bad roads he was not confronted by
any memberg of the, legal fraternity.
Seven garnishee cases against Wm.
Kersey occupied his attentfon for some
time. These were for greater or less
sums, the company garnisheed being
the Fire Insurance Co, which held the
insurance on his housé recently burn-
ed, His, Honor advised that all the
claimants get 'together and © sottle
their claims at a percentage on: the
dollar, as the {insurance wasn't enough,
to pay all in full This has been
agreed upon. The only other case of
interest: was that of F. BE. Sinnsac vs.
Dan Uleh, for balance of an account.
i getient was given in' favor of Mr.
Jich. -

Dr. Maxwell purposes holding a
meeting In Harrow some time (n the
near future for the purpose of discuss-
Ing the question of consolidation of
the schools of Colchester South. Dr.

Waugh will also be present on the oc-

caslon. This plan of consolidating, the
schools of Colchester South is one
that shonld appeal to eyery thinking

r of the township. Although
it may mean a little advance in the

hip it certainly means greater
and. would also ‘mean t
We Would pp able to secure the very
est tencheey to take u, work. The
ides will hie ] ; ve a central school
; ve the,children con.
veyed to the agioof in vans. How this
ib. to be done and’ many: oflier ques-
Sloe bl cane up for discussion at
le meeting 1 po held here. It ib
hoped that thes will be a very large
attendance at tiy meeting: have this
enn even HP
“Trustee.

it i

and their use is the first step towards success-

{home with her.

‘|Your hardware, bullding material, etc.

NOW OPEN

And ready to receive early orders. Miss Blasett is again in charge and now

ready to show you all that {s new thet Dame Fashion has created in the
New Spring Hats,

The old Time Millinery Openings have become obselete things of
the Past, therefore we are dispensing with the regular millinery openings.

Bverything on exhibition as it fs made up. You are cordially invited to drop
in at any time and see the New Creations. :

They are designed

| cetved his discharge from the army as
|'being meaically unfit for further ser-
vice. Private Woodlwiss ran across |
Harry Brister and George Wilkinson |
in England. He fought alongside of |
Ed. Long in France and saw him re-
celve his wound. Private Long is still
in a serious condition and {8 confined
|to an English hospital. He was also
|asgociated with Private Robert Stod-
| dard, of this place,” who. was wounded |
in the Somme fighting. Pte. Woodl- | The most ‘useful and up-to-date article
wiss has very little to say about him-|or your old straw hat and it will'look new.
self, but his description of the horrible

to eolor your new straw hat,

fighting {8 Intensely interesting, He We have all the standard colors,
will’ remain here for the present. . i
CL ACY aa It is handy to use and is just fino—anybody can use it.
{ edeeleobsedoleriob ofl slrobeterbeok dried deolrb ols df = 16 will gi Tort i
+ Will give you pleasing and satisfactory results.
i COLCHESTER SOUTH x

ofecferfesfeifoforfo do efecfs festa oe feofesfooe defects feofeofe fo fe You can change your hat in an hour to a new color.

Mrs. A. Ford is visiting In the city
this week.
{ Miss Rosie Ford [8 recovering from
an attack of tonsilitss.

Easter Cards are now in season. Get
them at Darbys' Drug Store.

Miss Ella Staddon is visiting with
Windsor=and Detroit friends.

Missés’' Florence Pook and Grace
Gough spent a day In the city.
Mrs. Willlam Hughes is sponding a
month at Montreal visiting friends.
Mr. and Mrs. John Affleck, of Winni-
peg, are visiting among relntives here.
| ofr. and Mrs. John Butler and son
Charles spent Sundsy at Frank But
ler's.
Mrs, Thornton, of Detrolt,

Try it this spring. Only 25 cen a bottle,

E. F, DARBY, HARROW.
DRUGGIST OPTICIAN STATIONER
NOTARY PUBLIC

JUST ARRIVED !
Three Tons of that Celebrated

Purina Baby Chick Food.

is the

a, of Mrs. Forest ller for a few We have been agents of PURINAIPBOD for five years, and each year the
and Ms Clifford. Moots od demand has notably increased. The superiority of Purina alone is regponsible

for its dominant position. We do not use Purina Chick Food, but sell I ¢
and if our recommendation Is Insufficient to convince you that It is the oy

we refer you. to its many friends. If baby chicks could talk we are sure they
would demand PURINA. i]

daughter spent Sunday at Ed. Snider's,
Oxley.
Ivan Bondy's

have moved to the

Gorden ligr form, which he lately Indications are that grains and seeds will be unusually high oriwe would ’
. . t b: y A
Miss Ethel Brush Is spending a not have bought eo early. Protect yourself against certain advance and Huy

NOW. 100 fds. $4.76, If taken at once, Cash Price.

fF. H. FERRIS

sheshrslecteriocheolecholeofiborle deolesfeofedosfeofesheofosteole ooo Eddie rbddede dro eof defo lee

week in Leamington, the guest of Miss
Pearl Lee, 3 ?

Miss Anna Craig has returned home
|atter spending the winter in Detroit
and Toledo. :

Miss Katle McCormick has return-
ed home after spending a week at J.
R. Mickle's, Windsor;

“Home of’Good Eats.” W:S.T.B.
Harrow ’ Phone 5

Quarterly meeting services will be 3 Nn E ede 1]
held in the A. M. B. Zion church next | + if / : g
Sunday, by Rev. G. W. Register, P.E. | fl en g orner ere ]18 Ale d
Albare invited. + ; \ " q iB
G.-C. Routt, Inspector of Dominion . x =
experimental farms, was in this dis- 3 : - SAYS BILLY SUNDAY 7
trict the past.week, conferring with i Mr. Sunday Is right—a bright, happy life Is best. So is a ‘bright, i
D. D. Digges, local manager. +4 cheery, comfortable home. Both go together, and a home where real
Mrs. Adrien Levergood and Mrs. | 4 enjoyment reigns has no-dark corners;
Fred.. Pigeon were in Windsor this 3 - ’ » ”
le to fo iy. Tompkins: Ale 2 > We help you to make every corner in your home bright. First we
Herbert Orbon, who enlisted in the L*# “Procure a good substantial high grade line of furniture and furnfsh- :
. | ings and sell them at a price,you can afford to pay. -»
Canadian Mounted Rifles, was unable Ld price; y ;
to pass the medjcal test and has re- I 2 # a
turned to John Staddon’s, where he 4 Call and see our line of Rugs and Linoleums and also our line of
Is seriously fll. + Novelty Curtains. :
A concert will be given in the A. M. 3
ro Th Tirslay, evening. I We guarantee satistoction. Call at the store where quality {8
Choristers, to raise. funds for the new lighes ‘than price.
organ. Everyone {8 cordially invited.
obs Zterisiamany 1a hi given A i Brighten the corner where you are. Begin now.
xley Ap , by the Busy- Bees is |¥
under preparation. ‘No pains are be- 3 wo fre . g
ing spared to make {t one of tht best ¥ ——— i
Further announcement next week. e
weit Sve J, HL MADILL & CO. §
home after, spending three weeks vis | ¥ ”% 3 i >
Iting In" Walkerville, Detroit and Mt. . : =
Clemens, Mr. Little, who was spend: i Harrow, Ontario. i

Ing a few days In the city, returned;
x A Tor Bn nol i VE SE RR St i i dE ROR OR

Fee

Carload fresh Portland Cement ex-

pected this week at C. Richardson &
Son’s. Please leave your ofder at
once of you wish to take any off the
car. Better got it now as transporta-
tion may be bad later, and delay later
shipments.
Before he held the Langlois farm of
40 acres a week, Charles Pigeon sold
same to I. BE. Webster for $4,600. This
Is, an excellent farm, the soil being
prime for corn or tobacco, and {a well
located as regards marketd and roads.
It will be worked by Mr. Webster's
son-in-law, Harry Cornwall.

0. Richardson & Son have received
their supply of Poultry Netting,
Screen Doors and Windows, Bicycles,
Automobile Tires, Oil Stoves, ote., etc.
They are in a position to give you the
best values as usual in spite of the
high market, having purchased early.
Don't fall to see them about all

tered several degrees of remorse.
Therefore he was glven a lecture and
$4 fine, Since that he hns settled
down and is making good.

Another brush bee was held on Wed-
nesday, when a large quantity of
brush _and rubbish was dumped over
the bank at Colchester to add its
weight against the further encroach-
ment of the waves: The fight carried
on by residents of this township
against Lake Erie {s beginning to bear
fruit. For some time it looked as if
the waves would beat thelr way under
the foundations of the old church in
spite of all measures of resitance, but
thelr spring oftonsive falls"much less
harmlessly than it formerly did against
the protecting bank of brush; which
has settled down ‘and Interlaced into
an almost unbreakable opposition.

GOSFIELD SOUTH.

... LEAMINGTON.

ne

Mrs. Armstrong, of Mill street, wid-
ow of ‘the Inte Thomas Armstrong, has
been seriously {ll at her home here.

Mr. Masshcer, formerly of this
town, but now of Kingsville, has mov-
ed to Leamington, where he will have
charge of the canning factory. . ‘

Mr. and Mrs. Charles White, of
this town, have sold thir home on
Cheatnul street to Samuel Butt. Mr.
and Mrs. \White are moving to Wind-
sor, wherd Mr. White has a ‘good
position. oni

Mrs. A. A, Whitwam arrived home
Friday form’ a six weeks’ stay in
Winnipeg, where she went to sed her
mother, Mrs. J. A. Dart, who was crit:
fcally {I. Mrs. Dart's many friends
will be pleased to learn that she fs
much improved in health. .

Mra, EMzabeth Cullen returned last.
week from spending the winter in
Toronto. She was accom :

Car cemont expoctodythis week.

i Red Cross activities continue with
unabated zeal, Tho ladies were guests
of Mrs. Maurice Baldwin Wednesday,
at one of those delighttul teas which
have become 80 common of Inte. Their
fund 1s reaching an enviable amount.
It cannot but be noticed that in some

oi Arner.

Ross Ferriss, who has been working
for 0. J, Arner for the past year, mov-
ed his family to Ridgetown this week.
—Albert Fox and family have moved
into the house vacated by Ross Fer}
riss, and will be O, J. Arner's hired
man this summer.—George Vincent {8
sawing up In Colchester this week.—
Ed. Stead. and daughter spent the

week-end at home.—The saw mill ia

in operation ‘this week.—James McGill
is busy gotting his pile river ready

