  
 
  
 
   
    
         

adios 20a "my

THE AMHERSTBURG ECHO.

 

TO THE

TAD Inn

Hight Young Ladies will be Taken on this Trip
by the

: uy
a Wy -
; :
: )
- : = : ;

This is an ideal opportunity for you to have
a seven days outing viewing the finest scenery inj |
the world, the beauties of the ideal St. Lawrence 1
without costing you a cent. All you have to doll

is to sell tickets for the Windsor Fair. Read the
t | conditions.

START AT ONCE !
BE A WINNER! |

11 Contest is Now Open, Close August 25th.
(NOM Rules and Conditions.

    

4

/

po svt apc 4 i SS

As

 

INATION BLANK DISTRICTS |

        

  
     
   
    
 
  
    
  

 
  
 
   

  

AGE. —Any lady over 16 years of age NOMINAT|ONS will nof close untfi DISTRICT NO. 1.~Including all of the west side of the cit
y of Windsor,
i the “Windsor ‘may become ao candidate in. the date of announcement. from and including the west side of Ouellett: A ;
a ae tet Tor district of which she is a resident, IF ANY SUCCESSFUL CANDIDATE Bridge avenue, : eds aynies 10 hoy nclontis
Fair Contest” Department before a candidal 5 by bai properly nominated and canbols for Joy faason; participate DISTRICT NO. 2—Mcluding all of the east side of the city of Windagr
t ns a vote and need ace \ in the trip, it will bo her privilege from and including the east side of Ouelle /
ole wis 8 a oe a aseeptad. to nominate a substitute five days ; Plorro avenue. SOF Opuliotis Ian to and eluate
only be sent in once fo : NOMINATINS—Each candidate must before leaving date, provided al- DISTRICT NO. 3.—Including all of the town 'of Walkerville, from Plerre
be nominated on the nomination ways that the Contest Depart. avenue on the west side to tho easterly limits of Walkerville, also Ford
blank, which is printed in this pa- ment’'s decision as to the accept. City and the township of Sandwich East, includin; Tecumseh. -
DISTRICT Nini sein ns per, or on coples of the blank, which , ability of the, substitute be final. DISTRICT NO, 4—Including’ the. fown tof Sandwich ire Brid ;
: may be obtained at the contest THE WINDSOR FAIR CONTEST de- on tho east to the westerly limits. The town of Anborset oe nt the 3
Rh office, 6 Pitt Street West, Windsor. partment expressly reserves the townships of Anderdon, Malden, Sandwich West and South TF and the
1 herewith nominate ............ we ye a vin was va vine EACH CANDIDATE must be nomin- right to rejec :

      

any nomination. It oy

ated by some responsible citizen of also reserves b itself the right of gi al Ts town, of Leamington, and the townships of Mersen,
the city or, town, village or town- being the wole judge of all matters DISTRICT NO, 6.—The town of Essex. the *iings OL HAG fim]

h A w and the town-

ship in which she lives, and the connected with the administration
nomination countersigned by one of contest and for the trip, and its ships of Colchester South; Colchester North and Maidstone.

responsible citizen, and must Hve decision an any question that ma DISTRICT NO. 7—The town of Tilbury, village of Bell er and

in ito Jimtaict in which she Is 1 arise Si iby Shsointe, final an “townships of Tilbury North, Til} Went ge MN all (1 River the
nominated, but may sell tickets unnp| able. It also reserves the, DISTRICT NO. 8~Th old
any place outside. right to withdraw any district North and South. Sows 2 Klageville a4 ae tqwnatips of, Goria

from the contest where only one”
POINTS will not be issued for cash
without honnfide sale of tickets. candidate’ a= sominated or only

KOBE WHO ARE BARRED OUT. CoE i =
TFOS8! — ACCEPTING THE CONDITIONS. — >
. No employee of the dwn Bair, ~In:  acce)  nominations,. each : y ny Lad

| whose ago 1 know to be over 16 years, and as a fit and proper per
“son to participate In the Windsor Fair contest.

    
 

 
  
    

  
 
   
   
    

   
   
 
   
  
 
 
 
   

“1 Hor Post OMce AdGress 18. ......ooniereeisiimnamnanioaner arises ae

 
 
 
 
  

   
    

Her House Address 18. ...0 io omiverrsnnniseerunaearannaninrniores

Nominated by ..........cocieies FRR Tr XE CXF “

      
 
     

 
 
  
  

 
   

 

   
 
  
 
    

 
 

Countersigned by". nor any member of such employee's . .

2a family, nor any relative of the fhetehy coats. sud sos
Fair Board may be a candidate in |
the contest. Fa Dyk =

     

® by all the above

2 3
