   

Tue Echo

: : Published by

THE ECHO PRINTING GO., Limited
Amherstburg, Ont.

J A AULD. A. W. MARSH,

PREATHENT. Arn'v-TREAS

Friday, March 30, 1917.

The Indian Empire, through its leg-
islative council, offers the sum of five
hundred million dollars to the Imper-

inl Government.
eet

A British blue book contains the
enlightening news that during the year
1916-16 mules picketed on sandy soil
at Camp Borden, and valued at $8,000,
disappeared one night and were never

recovered;
——

   
  
   
  
      
            

 

 

ee pS

Te
MILLINERY

Is Extra Good This Year.

 

          

 

 
   

Council ‘meets
| (Saturday.)

“regularly to-morrow] Co
| day.

    

1ll with liver trouble,
Albert Beneteau's gon Percy 1s im.
proving after a sharp attack of pneu- | ter sickness,
monin. y : A Fred. Thom
Read Harry Burk’'s auction sale |day in Maldén,
notice In this Issue, for Wednesday, |
April 4th. : Sonn
Harry Burk has sold his farm of 40
Mrs. R. Bussey, underwent an oper-|was in Malden Sunday.
ation at Harper hospital, Detroit, son
Thursday.
The Good Roads

ville Atkin.

 
  

 

  
   
  
   
 
   
  
  
  
 
    
   
 
   
 
 

   
  
  

 

 

aan after Easter.

     

          
   
  
 

i A committes have
4 we say this? Results tell the story—viz., a
ils 2 they do a more creuitable job than |dron.

satisfactory record of sales and many comments of the those formerly used. 3 Read Harry Burk's

Jast week with his mother, Mrs. M. | April «th.
most favorable kind. Meehan, of this township, and brother,

Five milllon dollars in gold from
Canada was deposited at the assay
office In New York, Monday. for.ac-
count. of J. P. Morgan & Co. This
brings the total gold imports from
| all sources this year up to $230,700,000,

Detroit, with typhoid fever. Gth at 8 o'cllock.

Harry Burk has sold his farm of 40
acres on the townline to George Am-|on Monday afternoon.
lin, and Is advertising an auction sale | able time was spent.

for April 4th, Mr, and Mrs. Burk and

  

A great many flowers are in evidence and never were

‘they so pretty, particularly those from France. We are

safe in saying that no country produces such satisfying

 

—The commission appointed to de-
limiy the suburban aren of Windsor
under the Essex County Good Roads
scheme, did not come to any decision
Inst week. John F. Millen, County
Preasurer, ia in Toronto, this week,
attending the Provinclal Highways
Superintendent's convention.

dence in Amherstburg.

. France—they are of particular interest this
BREE Rn y Colin Botsford, who has been work-

year when you think of the sad hearts of the workers.

 

; his farm out on shares for the sum-
y we have arranged to have a shipment
Every week in the Walkerville plant.

of choice pattern hats at reasonable prices—they are al- Mrs. Albert Glgnac's auction sale is

 

At o« meeting of the Lambton and
Middlesex Baptist Pastors’ conference
Lin London this week, n resolution in-
| troduced by Rev. J. D. McLachlan, of
| Strathroy, was unanimously adopted
calling on Premier Hearst and the
Ontario Government to do something
at the present session to stop race-

track gambling.

vi “very right” and we find our customers appreciate
ays, yory Tigh where, she will offer another horse,

this innovation.

in the city.
TAXE

rent her farm for the season.
Joy Fryer recelyed a cord on Tues-
day from Charles H.

 

 

New Shapes! New Untrimmed Hats!

Always Something New Every. Week.

TTT TT

Ballet, Macdonald & Gow:

LIMITED. =
9-11-13 Sandwich St. East and 16 Ouellette Ave. x

WINDSOR. CE

Br

card was sent from samewhere in Mex- | ham; Collector.
ico_nnd Charles states that {lahough
(Mexico and its people are sure strange, [ been spending the
he 18 done mashed on that climate,

Weekly prayer and testimony meéet- | visit Mrs. Courtice,
fng of the L, D. S, every Wednesday
evening at 8,

 

A a mea A eo ES AAA J SL isk i BE i th a ph ae

RHE ES

It is reported In Ottawa that Pre-
mier Hearst will dissolve the Ontario
Legislature and go to the country be-
fore a Dominjon election ig brought
on, There Is: a good deal of quiet
political metivity at the federal capl-
tal which is taken to indicate this.
Authorities claim that Premier Hearst
lias brought forward legislation -dur-
ing tho present session designed to
ciiteh votes. They say that he would
have a- better chaneg of carrying the
province Wefore Sir Robert Borden
makes an appeal to the people, than
he would litve after a federal elec-
tion had been fought. It is held too,
that should Premelr Hearst win Sir
robert Borden:would beable to carry
more seats than otherwise would be
the case. A provincial election this
pring, ‘Sherefore, i8 being looked for
by Ottawa, with a Dominion election
in the summer or outumn.

>

ville's.
at 1.30; preaching at 3, at Theodore
Wismer's. No collection.
invited.

Sunday school every Sunday |able to be aroumd again.

a very successful euchré -party to

 

The

   

prize wos awarded to Mrs. Charles | requested.

Np edo bebe bod ete
Bondy. Ralph Eanglols was fortun-

 

 

EasteriTrade Specials.

: Redpath’s*Granulated Sugar, $7.95 par cut.
2 (SATURDAY ONLY) pi.

   
 

strenuous evening was mibst gracious. | river front.
ly presented with the booby prize,

 

 

system, the bundle of Echos for Auld |til March 31st. ° Three
missed connection last week. We en- [small scraper and four
deavored to repair the damage by |large scraper.

The condemnation of the race track
ovll at Windsor uttered by Lambert
Wigle, M.P.P. South Essex, in the Pro.

 

 
 
 
  
  

were anything 'but “pleasant, and &

3 - 3) 3 4
Macaroni ........ coe neae RT Te 2 for 25¢ In
number of wives are not on speaking |8ervices of the

We will also have for the Easter holidays, Strawberries,
Cucumbers, Tomatoes, Celery, Lettuce, Pine Apples, Spring
Onions, Asparagus, Oranges, Lemons, Bananas, ete.

that knowing the evil exists, the Gov:
ernment which Is responsible for
granting the licenses should take im-
mediate” stepsito cancel them. and js-
J Strong’ pressure, wis

 

 

      
     
     
   
  
   
     
       
   
       

   
 
 
  

   
   

from
marks, but he had the courage of his
convletions and supported. by an un-
broken Opposition led by Mr. Rowell.

Carload of POTATOES expected, to be sold at reasonable
delivered his address, In a way that
left no room for doubt as to where

"prices.
7 5 S a AS MA R :
—— | the Liberal Opposition stands on the

J rer, &¢. Bruce Block | mattertof race track licenses, and all
Cut Rate Grocy : oe South ' Essex, without regard to poll

   
 
 

 

Joseph Renaud, who was fll with
pleurisy; Is improving slowly. .

Mrs. Ferman Sinnsac Is making adjof tiie stock.
good recovery from a. recent severe
ness. ¢

Mrs. E. Hs Beuglat is visiting this
week at tie homo of her parents, in
Tecumseh.

Mr. and” Mrs, Jacob Renaud and
daughters, Loretta and ‘Vina, Leo
Tremblay and bride ‘were guests ,at
Alfred Decalre’s on Sunday last.

Ernest Méloche rocelved a letter
from Algerie Tousignant, who in the
tranches “somewhere in France.” The
young soldier [3s 4 brother of Mrs,
Arthur Talbot. - »
| THe Quality Canners are advertislug
for sweet corn and. bean acreage this
season, to be delivered at their local
factory when required. See their advt.
on, another portion of The Echo, this
week.

Simeon Stewart, who has made his
home for th 1st five years with his
son, Dr. A Sf{ewart, of this village,
passed away onrly Wednesday morn-
ing, after an illness of three years.
The funeral will be‘leld this (Friday)
afternoon to the Universalist church,
Olinda, for services, followed by un-
terment-in that cemetery. Mr. Stew-
art was a Son-of the late Abel Stew-

     
    
  
  

   
   
 

fence
bar, 48 inc

    

    

     

et
QRS ERT TR a 3 & righte up behind, Mr. Wigle.
r G member of the Dominion House for

| FIRE BRICK HOLLOW BUILDING Rs © |FiTTinGs LININ North Essex, who fell down after the

EE — tics, is

  

Harrow.

   
    
  
 

 

FACE BRICK MASON CONTRACTORS [FITTINGS SR A
MANTEL BRICK |WATER PROOFING | SEWER PIPE
COMMON BRICK |WALL TIES . | DRAIN PIPE
PRESSED BRICK 'FIRE PLACES MORTAR COLORS

JMirst ripple

from since,
e———

     
   

ing: April 5th,

   

  

E 3 talent,
Information is wanted concerning

the property in Canada of enemy sub-
jects; Information is also wanted con-

= I | C K [corning property” of British subjects

THOMPSON BROS.

country. The Canadian Minister of
Finnncé has been ‘appointed “public
THE BRICK FACE PEOPLE
24 Chatham: Street West,

custodian” of enemy property in Can-
WINDSOR.: ONT.  - a

   
   
      
     
   
   
   
 
       
    

particulars.

    
   

Beethgm, of Windsor;
and Thomas

hnm's,

  
    
  
  
   
  

companies asking for statements un-
der four heads; 41) Property, real or
personal, In Canadian’ territory, be-
longing to enemy subjects, (2%) Debts
including bank deposits and bhnk bal
| ances, due to, or held on behalf of
enemy. subjégts resident or carrying
[on business in enemy terpitory, or due
to or held on behalf of enemy subjects
resident in Cannda. (2) Property,
real, or personal in enemy territory,
belonging to British subjects résfdent

. Notice to Local Farmers sisi: sine

      
    
      
     
    
  

sold. As might be

  

ada. He has.sent out a circitlar let-
Opposito Gas Office Build with Brick.

ter to the banks, financjal ond other
Build with- Brick, i
Phono 76 The Everlasting

‘The Everlasting ¥

Material ; ;

pér bushel.

 
    

 

    

-

 

was born near ftuthyen 68 years ago.
He was one of a family of seven sons
and four daughters,
survive Elihu, of Springport, Afich.;
Michael, of Collingwood, O.; Horatio,
of Pelee; Duncan, of New York; Mrs.

 

 

 

 

1

  
   

by ‘the engineer,

  
  
    

  
  
     

carrying on business in. Canada,

aginst enemy governments. These

    
      
        
  
    

 

 

   
   

     
 
 
 
 
  
  
   
      
  
   
  
 
   

   
    
        
      
  
 
     
    
        

law requires the return of such infor-| ;¢ NeGregor; Dr. Jogeph, of Hamilton,
mation to the Finance Minister, «An | nq Dr, George who 8 serving some-
intimation to him will result’in forms | wyare overseas. After their marriage
being sent out upon which precise they took the Ruthven.hotel for five
statements of fact are to be made. years; spent the next five years in
i TT Leamington and Wheatley, and then
—American immigration authorities | returned to the Ruthven hotel, which
at Detroit and other points have now | they managed with great success for
been advised that an identification | twenty-five years,” On disposing. of it
system will go Into effect with the new
{immigration law on May 1st. A card ‘came to live with thelr son here. Mr.
similar a relirond pass, which will | Stewart was very highly respected by
contain the name of the bearer, his | all who knew Lim. He was a man of
own personal signature, a full de- | brond sympathies and proved jnteg-
scription and a photogeaph, will be | rity, ‘He was widely rend and took an
issued: It Is stated that many thou: | active and intelligent Interest in pub-
sand Of these cards are now being pre-f1ic affairs. His management of the {and
pared and will be given out to those | hotel irecelved favorable comment all
whoge business entails frequent visits | gover the country, it was so homelike
to Detroit. This system will also be
put into operition on the Mexican bor-
der according to the present’ plans.
| This new scheme will affect many
fiundred’ American citizens who are
employed in Windsor and other border

towns, and it is also understood that
the "Canadians who -are employed in i hii le
Dotroft will come under this ruling. ship, up before Maglat to. Selkirk o

nnd ‘Refugee Beans. Excelent paying proposition for farmer with family
as beans mature during school summer ‘vacation:

   

  

Will contract for limited acreage of Sweet Corn to be delivered at
McGregor Factory. Corn. seed supplied at Factory when required.

    

. x
_ Wo will dlsb contract during the Canning Season for Berries, Peaches,
Pears and other fruits. E35

  

v
Farmers desiring to contract fom Beans or Sweet Corn please call at the
factory or phone Sarddwich 4 1 & 4. . ,

Tomato Seed Is now ready at the Canning Factory.

QUALITY CANNERS unre ©

   
  
     
   
   
  
   
 

   
  

 

  
     
   
  
  
 

   
  
   

   
   
   
      
   

 

       

    

regret his demise.

— en AT TT
LEAMINGTON.

   
    
  
   

 
      
     
  

Agonts ‘For % Eo

on ry

International. Harvester McCormick
lines of Farm Implements.

= Kerosene Tractors a Specialty. | :
Genuine OliverjTractor Plows and Horse Sulky Plows. -
i» oA 7 ¥

‘We haye opened a warehouse: at} McGregor, ‘where you 1
bse can call to book orders, ;

     
   
 
   
  
     
    
   
   

 
   
    
   
  
     

 
 

(| The exact details of the mew system |, ohprgg of. buing, intoxicated on Sat-

  
  

   
 
    
  
   

two porta will be required to have th

 

$5.65 costs. He testified that he pur
chased the liquor from
ton, of this town, on
this was the reasol

toxlcated. ake

  

 

| necoasary credentinls, The recent
nouncement that all aliens and per-
| not naturalized citizens of the

  
   

, JA; Fe
| United States, or citizens by birth, was fn. | aim of
woud be Fequired to depositibie sym 7 LM
: par upon entering the}  _qhe death occurred in a Detroit
Staten, coupled with the above au-|hoypital, Friday morning, of John Me-
nouncement, indicate that the Ameri-| abe, nged 67, fath JX.
> | can immigration department have de- | purny, of this tow y

~~ + [irermined upon more drastic laws than | sume from Ireland wi
have) Sorelalre ‘boon fn effect; and | apg gettlod in De
ii a oisiired 16 esplon- | an fuvalid for e

   
  
 
 
   

 

   
 
 
 
 
   

/ a 5

 

 

County Judge of E

uni _niests regularly next Mon:
Maurfce Helfrioh Is quite seriously | Diphtherin exists at the home of Or
Miss Evelyn Pillon Is improving af-
as, of Harrow, spent Sun-
Waodding bells will ring in New Can-
Miss Van Valkenburg of Colchester,

Road scraping was in progress in
this vicinity until stopped by the rain.
Frank Morin {8 decorating the n-
purchased several split log drags and [terior of the residence of Reeve Wols
auction sale
W. J. Meehan, of St. Thomas, visited | notice in this Issue, for Wednesday,

Next meeting of Brie Grange will be
James J., who:ls in Harper hospital, {held in Malden town hall on April

William Fennett had a buzzing party
A very enjoy-

Mr. and Mrs. Hamilton Cornwall, of
family expect to take up thelr resi-| Amherstburg, spent a few days at the
home of W. H. Waldron.

George Mickle, who has been em:
jng at he munitions plant in Walker- | ployed in Dmtroit all winter, has
ville the past winter, Is about to let | turned to the land for the summer.
Wifinfe Langlois underwent an oper-
mer, as he has seoured a good position | ation for appendicitis in Grace hos-
pital, Detroit. She Is doing necely.

Mra. Joseph Mweloche has returned
announced for to-morrow (Saturday.) | home nfter spendimg three months vis-
In addition to the list published else-|iting friends and reilmtives in Windsor.
The Misses Clarice Meloche und Em:
buggy, harness, a well pump © and | ma Paquette and Edward Paquette
some chicken fence. Mrs. Gignac will and Ledson Denenu spent last Friday

~All taxes are now over
Vahey, who ig |due; they must be paid at once, so
holidaying in the southern states. The | that T can return my roll. C. W. Beet-
Miss C. Li. McCormick,
winter at H. J.
Mickle's hns gone to Wallaceburg to

Miss Sara Beetham, who has been
This week it was at | confined to hed for a couple of weeks
Roy Jones'; next week at Gordon May- with a complication of diseases,

Mrs. Frank Hunt returned Saturday
Everybody | from spending a week with her dnugh-
‘ters, Mra. Fraser, Mma. Ray O'Neil and
Mr, and Mrs. Frank Jubenville gave | Mrs, Fred, Lucier, im Windsor.
The Ladies’ Guild of St.
friends and relatives Saturday night. | church will meet at the home of Mrs.
les’ prize was carried off by | Ross Deneau next Wedinesday after-
Ed. J; Bondy and the consolation | noon, April 4th. A full attendauce is

Alban's

Miss Ruth Mickle, accompanied by
ate in securing the gentleman's prize, | Miss Beatrice’ McCumber, of Detroit,
but much merriment was aroused by |8pent Sunday with the former's par-

Thomas Bondy, jr, who after a very |ents, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Mickle,

Tenders for Scraping Rondd.—Tien-
Through some freak of the mafling [ders will be received by the Clerk nm-
horses flor
horses flor
Howard Gibb, Clerk.

the Bar Point

     
   
 
   

ye rE eT Teer ...34 cents a can} ° A est : rood | sending a second” bundle of all the| Mr. Burroughs, of
Cn LT et Wie re ie 9c each; 3 for 24c el I al papers left in the office, but several |Land Co. If now stationed at Magonip
¢ Tot f Lard o5¢ a I. | bountiful harvest of editorial reproof readers from this important” district | Park, overseeing the work of giving
Maple Leal Lard. . ...oodundae senna» op ay iE aE no ent in. ©. great mmny ut that failed tdyraceive their favorite (the park a thorough cleaning and put-
RAISINS. .......ocnveas aes 0) 15¢ pkge.; 2 for 27c aredian papers Oneiand all agren | Weekly, and the’copsequences we hear ting in soveral acres of farm produce,

_ A large congregation attended the
Malden Methodist
terms with their husbands since, so |chureh Sunday. A number of adult
severe was thelr disappointment, This | baptisms. svere performed and a good

mistake shall not happen again (The | sized class “was “Feceived inta the

for $50,

- sue No more. Dev 2 % y 9
Big offering-of Teas—Salada, 45¢ for 40¢3 Red Rose, 45¢C [brought to bear on the South Essex |Heho can prevent if. 0 Lan MeGea sold!atyearling steer
For 40e; Lipton, 45c¢ for 40¢; Ceylon; 75¢ for 40c. mera b x to got hiutfeither 0 ih McGREGOR. to Windgor Jews, this week,

and’, a steer coming two
Nelthep of them had been fed for beef,
but had run the winter with the rest

I wil! be at Iouls Amlin's sale on
Saturday’ to receive orders’ for) wire
10:bar 48 inches high, 63c,; 18-
es ‘high, 72c¢
Should I not see you, leave your order
with Louis Pillon.” O. M. Pastorius,

Grand Three Link concert in Qdd-

   
   
       

Musicians from De-
troit Conservatory of Music and Jocal ||
Proceeds for 1.0.0.F.
fund. : Admission 26c. ySee bills for|

chaln

Mr. and Mrs, Stanley Wright and|
son, of Kingsville; Mr. and
Miss

Mrs. F.

Annie
Valade and Wm. Valade, of Gesto,,
Anderson, of Malden,
were Sunday visitors at 'C.. W. Beeit.

Charles Clark conducted a very susc-
cessful gale at the James Laferte firm
on Monday, the amount realized belng
nearly $3,000. Everything put up wag
expected,
brought fancy prices, corn going at
0c. bagket, and onts as high as $1.42

feed

The council is trying to arrange 1 Felix Beneteau and his

art and his wife, ey Blackner, and | gettlgment between the petitioners fon

the improvement of the Focha draim
and those-wito opposed the-work being
Of those there |done according to the plan laid out
A meeting” was to
have been held in the hall Saturday,
but one side, failed to put in an ap- |

—y ‘ Caruelius Nelson, of Sandusky; Mrs. | pearance. While there is considerable
’ are the matters upon which. the Fin-| ym. Fox. Ruthven: Mrs. Leonard n , i i i
; ors 1. X. th H v Ifférence of opinion, there is hope
Swaat Corn and Bean Acreage Wanted. ance Minster want statements, and | Fog Blythcswood, and Mrs, John Fox, | that the belligerents will get-together
Xd he would be glnd to hear from anyone orl n

i ers at of Leamington. Mr. Stewart was mar- | hafore wor 8 declared and thus avoid

. ; who beleves he has Information upon | req toMiss Minnie -Nutson and they |axpensive drainage litigation.
J The McGregor Canning Factory requires a few more acres of Wax | any one of the four clusses above. The | png 4 family of three sons—Dr. A. E., It ‘pays: to go Into the. PieldiCrop

competition, not only for the liberal
prizes offered but from the greatly im-
proved seed obtained. Last year Jas,
Martin succeeded In winning second
prize for O. A. C. 72 oats, and the ex-
collence of his seed came to the atten:
tion of Prof. Harper, of Ligonier, In-
didn vag id the Tsing at the re-
: cent Corn Show. e result was that
five years ago, Mr. and Mra. Stewart | ne; “aartin had a call from him for a
shipment of seed oats at a fancy fig:
dre. The grain was shipped on Tues-
day. This may lead to a market for
all Mr. Martin's seed oats.

The action brought by Mrs. Moore
Mrs. Powell agninst Robert At-
kin, ex-reeve, to recover a sum of,
money due them for damages on the
and law-ubiding. Mr’ Stewart leaves Long Ln Bi Auch Sey Shai
many old frie Ie col who 0 ! eir solici-

y lends 10, tie sounty tor, the late J. W. Hanna, of Windsor,
came up before Judge Smith in Cham-
bers, on Wednesday, at Windsor and

wos dismissed, as the defen
The license inspector had an inter- | FH E let nen of once Pree |

 

  
  
       
    
    
   
      
  

 

 

or dip
lant the oi! about hots] these 530
een so much discussion, was legally | Anne Stew:
drawn by township warrant and paid | Mrs. Le

 

are not as yet known, but Workmen 5, I over to the late Mr. Hanna, who was
) : y night, March 8rd, Mr Hillman 3

and others who travel between these pleaded guilty and was fined $10 ang | 49108 for i? i Br
Jos. Alder- | tario Supreme Court, before Meredith, |
“8rd, and | CJ.0; Maclaren, J.A:; Mag

   
 
 
 
  
 

eo, J.A.3, Cummiford, lnst week.

. K.C., for defendant. E. Bayly, K.|

for the Crown. Case stated by the |

   
 
  
    
   
  
  
      

 

’

  
  

  

  
     
     
    
   
     
      
    
       
      
    
      
   
   
   
 
    
   
    
    

Fruit, 5 cents each or 6 for

Florida Rhubarb
Southern Green Peppers
Fresh Ripe Tomatoes
Green Onions

Bermuda Onions

    
   
    
   
    
     
    
    
      
      
     
      
       
     
     
 
    
    
   
    
     
  

line of Tobaccos and Pipes.

 

ment reserved. Tie cases were first

limorning, following only: three days’
illness with spinal meningitis, and the
most poignant grief will be their por-
ition for a long time. As mentioned

FETT
Early Vegetables.

ern and California
Fruits and the most de-
licious Spring V.egeta-
bles are here for your
Good Friday and East-
er Tabler

Fine large Californin Sunkist Oranges; Florida Grape

DJ
-

Ripe Pineapples, Lemons and Bananas.

 

SPECIALS IN VEGETABLES

Crisp Essex County Lettuce
Young Cucumbers
Californian Celery
Asparagus Tips

Sweet Potatoes

 

Call and sample our Cigars and Cigarettes.

 

CANDIES IN BOX OR BULK

 

 

YOURS FOR GOOD EASTER EATING

TONY CHARLIE

* Fruitier and Green Grocer.
Hadley Block

SS 2

Et
==
£
2.
o
=)
oY)
wn
—
>
=
os)
:
: =
BL a Eo saa a LEE

heard by Justices Waldron and Pillon. resident of this

Mr. and Mrs. Wm. A. Manson were | away Thursday night last at Amherst-
| called upon Friday to make a supreme | burg, following an attack of typhoid
{sacrifice in giving up their c¢ldest son, | fever.
John Alyen, who passed away that | age, Her maiden name was Eva

  
 
   
 
  

 
  
 
      

The loveliest South-

a

se; also 8 for 25 cents, Rich,

 

)
=
=
—
a
3

 

Amherstburg

 

 

Mrs, George Thompson, a Jife long
township, passed

 

She was thirty-one years of

Chavis, and she was a daughter of
John Chavis. She and Mr. Thompson
and family moved to Amherstburg
late last fall. The funernl was held

in these columns lust week, the boy | Supday afternoon, being conducted by

first complaimed of being ill Monday | the Rev. Mr. Payne.
might, upon returning from his work in | New Canagn

| Ryan & Co.'s. 10 developed
rapidly and he
aiid before the grief crazed

ramlized it. Owing to the contagious

 

tral was. held Friday afternoon and
was private. Deceased was born in
Klamilton "April 14th, 1901, came with

mittended St. Joseph's school

with Ryan & Co,

community.

a, -
COLCHESTER NORTH.

Mrs. Dennis Levaok, whose illness
with pneumonia and pleurisy was men-
tioned in these columns last week, died
on Friday, aged 43 years. The funeral
took pla¢e Monday morning to McGre-
gor R. C. church for services, and in
ferment .was, in "McGregor cemetery.
The pallbearers were Alexander, Eli
and Anthony Meloche, Michael and
Ferdine Dromllard and Edward Tal-

 

 
  

Burial wns in
cemetery. Surviving
her besides her husband and four 2 Y

ond medical | small children are three full brothers
parents | and three half brothers, one full sister.

| and"two half sisters. The pallbqarers ~~

ninture of this dread malady, the fun-iwere her brothers John, Isaac, Clar- pJ
| ence aud. Fred. Chavis.

* Gesto. -
An Interesting birthday party was

 

hils parents to Amherstburg, wis con- | held at John Roadhouse's on Tuesday
firmed in St, John the Baptist church, | night in honor of Aiiss
until | house.
June 1916, ant lately took a position | surprise to Eva, and everybody joined

He was a bright | ii making the evening one of unusual ¢
and Ilkeable lad, whose future gave |pleasire,—Mrs, Reg. Weldon had the au
promise of worthy achievement, and | misfortune to break her leg in a fall
iis early. 'demise [s widely mourned. | from the buggy at F. T, McGee's on
fellows’ Hall, Harrow, Thursday even-|There survive lim his parents, a sis-| Saturday. Dr. Bowie
tier Pauline, and brother William, who | fracture. ’ The unfortunate
will have the heartfelt sympathy of the | who ‘has the community sympathy fn

Evan Road.
The party was ‘a complete

wkd

reduced , the
woman,

her trial, 18 being given the best of

| care. at her adopted home.—Farmers

bot. A large number of mourning rela

tives and friends attended the obse-
qu Mrs. Levack™ was formerly
Emma Beneteau, daughter of the late
wife, Mary
Bastien. She wpf born on .the 7th
concession of Anderdon, and of the
family two “full brothers and three
half brothers are  living—Reml, of
Windsor; Arthur, of Anderdon; Wil-
fred, Louis and Alphonse, of Windsor.
She was married twenty-four years
ago last fall to Dennis Levack, and
| they spent thelr wliole married life in
{this township, | Surviving her are her
husband and ten children, seven sons
{ and three daughters, Ernest {8 mar-
| ried and lives in the township, all the
| rest are at home. Much sympathy {s
| extended to the bereaved family,
: Edgar Mills. 9
Albert Long has rented a, farm near
Maidstone and moved to same last
week.—Wm. Jones’ sale has been post-
boned until next Tuesday. He has
tented his farm, to Wm. Cavanaugh
for this season—D. Levack lost a
valuable horse last webk —James
Charette, of Anderdon, called on
friends here on Wednesday.—Inspec-
tor Maxwell visited our school one
Uny last weel—George Gould was in.
the city on Thursday.—Mrs, J. Hug:

gard spent a few days in Windsor Inst
week.

 
 

   

  
 
 

Elford.

Amherstburg, spent Sunday at M
Mra. J. Elford's.—Stanley Sweetman

 

parents. He will g0 to Ottawa and

   
 

Plerce, of Windeor, spent Sunday at

1s home here.—
vindsor, Albert Lansing, of

 

bt A og her mother,
N ~The King's Daughters’
BI. Class will meet at the i ot
ov. H. Sweetman on Monday, April
2nd.—Shirley. Cummiford, of Toronto,
visited with “his ‘sister, Miss Bessie

Ho was mak-

    
  
  

|

son, J.A., the fol!|!Dg a tour through 'Ontari

w t interest to peo- Provincial road schema or a He Sa
ple of this township were heard last! Voy to Wayne county, Mich., to in.
rk Rex vs. Chappus—NM. K. Cow-{"“stigate the good road:

 

enlist for overseas eervice—Stanley

|

 

Toronto, returned after a vinit to his]

was home Bunday.—Miss | b

:

Mr. aud Mrs. Joseph Fleming, of

have begun to work on the land, and
we have a vagueope that some oats
will yet be planted In March, Every-
body Is hoping for a bumper crop this
sengon. Indeed such hopes are akin
to the highest feelings of: patriotism,
for the farmer walks hand in hand
with the men in khaki.—The musical
committed of the Methodist church

 

 

purchased a fine new plano last week. )
Preparations are being made now for’

a fond plano concert on April 11th.

—All roads seem to lend to Essex

these days, This Is pre‘eminently the
women's season. All diplomatic rela- + °° +,
tions are being severed between men
and thelr pocket-books. The .pocket-
book wins the day and puts up {ts flag.
Then men criticize the new headgenr. “i
Just like as [f men never got anything. i . |
new.—The Literary Club meets "to- 1
night (Friday) at Mrs. Baker's. The -
current events will be given by Mr. 5
Workman; the Onlooker's' report by 8
Willie Valade. There, will be a re- »;
view of great Americans and an ad :

dress on Canadian t J
Donnelly. roots by W..B: wa
5 = Fein iy %
’ 4
WINDSOR. , ]
3 -
John Glddens, 57 McEwan avenue, 4
who resided in Windsor for half # By

century, died Sunday’ evening after |
an illness of three Y cokss No vay ; 1
1 years old. He donducted a feed -

store on Pitt street for many years,
retiring from husiness :’

years ago. The late Mr. Giddens’:

to Windsor fram Prin Ont., . aiid
years ago. ceton, Ont. fifty 1

For “finding” a bottle ot liquor, Al

ton Derby was fined. $200. and costs. 3 1
Windsor police court Monday. 3 “4d

 

    
 
 
   
   
  
     
   

trate Leggatt ruled that “Tin Can’,
© prisoner is known, Had atolatod
the Ontarlo Temperance Act by hav:
Ing liquor In his possession. ;
Sergt.-Major Norman F.
who served in France tt a
battalion for two years, and
been used by the Canadin : i
menf as a speaker: at. recrut 3 :
ings throughout ) EATS Ee
een appointed custo)
Walkervillo, but resigned to
better job at the Ford.

 
  

 

 
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 

 
   
 
 
 
    

 

 
 
