 

 

 

KINGSVIILE.

Mr. and Mrs, John McKey, of Db-
trolt, are visiting with Mr. and Mrs.
John Von Kaenel, fatpr and mother
of Mrs, McKey.

Miss Lucflle Condin {8 home from
college at Toronta for the Baster holl
days, She wis accompanied by Miss
Bessie Duncal,” & fellow student from
Estevan, Sask.

E. S. Hughts nmcently moved from
Mrs. Flemingd cottage on Division
street south, to Me new bungalow on
Main street west, erected last sum-
mer by Morley cvaft.

Mrs. Walter Pulford and daughter,
of Winnipeg, who have been visiting
at the parental home with Mr. and

   
 

,2¥or Infants and Children

Mothers Kiow That
Genuine Castoria

  

No 42

 
   

The Proprietary or Patent Medici Mis, A Conklin left Sunday last for
, thelr home: they were accompanied
5
AVegelable Preparalicn ir #8 far as Teronto by Mrs, M. Gren.
simifatinglhe Food and il VHle
ting the Stomachs and Buk C. R. Jackson has purchased jghe

Mrs. C. F. Pragnell property on Spruce
street, the price being $2,000 cash.
Mr. Jackson will overhaul and improve
the property and use It as a résidence
for himself and hp family,

Fred. Boles, who was gassed [néthe
trenches In France, and discharged
some six months Ago as physically un-
fit for service and returned home here,
has so far recovered that he feels he
I8 able to try the gnme once more and
has, enlisted In the Essex Mounted
Rifles and will Ro overseas again
shortly.

   
 
 
  

    
 
 
  
   

Promoles Digestion Cheerfit

I ness and Resi Contains neiter

i Opium, Morphine nor Miners:
TIC.

 
 
  
  

 
  
 
 

A {pres Word has been received that Garnet
i rdw fof Siss aT Jngsville, who
{ erfect Re dy for Cons'ip® Sisson. formerly of Kingsville, w

detec omach. iar fod went to London with the 99th Battal.

fon, has been prometed to the rank of
sergeant. Sergt. Sf8son was actively
connected with the militia: before the
outbreak of the war and qualified as a
sergeant before the departure of the
99th Battalion. He gave up his stripes,
however, and went 28 a private. He
is supposed to have been in the re-
cent Vimy ridge battle.” His mother,
Mrs. Angus Sisson, resides at 68
Bridge avenue, Windsor.

Worms, Feverishness ar
Loss OF SLEEP
Fac Simile Sign

  
 
 
 

 
 
 

GOSFIELD NORTH.

 

    
  
 

Exact Copy of Wrapper. THE GanvAUR COMPANY. NEw von CITY.

g T. Sims Slate, one of the best known
| oe or Goel North. died. at
i Hotel Dieu in Windsor, on * Friday

evening last, followimg an operation
performed on him tem days previous,
for tubercular peritonitis. Deceased
had been in failing health for several
months past, the Illness being much
aggravated by serious injuries receiy-
ed shortly’ before Christmas, when he
was attacked by an angry bull. The
regains were brought to his home on
Talbot Road, near Cottam, on Satur-
day, and the funeral held on Monday
afternoon, with services In Trinity
Episcopal church, and interment in
Cottam cemetery. Rev. H. Millar
officiated znd the palliearers were
six sons—Ben. Delbert, Herbert,
Arthur, Albert and Herbert. Deceased
was born at Ramsay, St. Mary's,
Huntingdonshire, England, on March
19th, 1856, and was married there to

 

WINDSOR.

Miss Elsie Hopgood, aged 13, daugli-
ter of Alfred Hopgood, 43 Plerre ave-
nue, died at her parents’ residence
Thursday night after an {liness of but
three weeks. She was employel at
the Bell Telephone gjiice, Goyeau St.,
for three years, recently being chief
long distance operator. Besides her
parents, one sister, Mrs. AVilliam
Boyle, 137 Albert street, suivives. Fyn-
eral took place Sunday. Services were
conducted at the home by Rev. R.
Hicks, of i.ondon_ stree: Mathodist
church, and Intermént was made in
Windsor Grove cemgatery.

Three cases were heard In Walker:

THE UNDERFED |

How Children of the Ignorant
Are Robbed of Oatmeal

A canvass made among the intelligent
\ shows that seven homes in eight serve
catmeal. Among the ignorant another can:
vacs Shows that not one home in twelve
gerves oats, The children grow up incapa-
ble because bodies and braigs are starved.
Nature stores in oats mofe energy food,
more brain food, more nerve food than in
any other grain that grows. - That's-why
children crave catmen.. There is nothinf;
to take its place.

This'is a food on which it doesn't-pay to
be careless, There is a very wide differ-
ence in oat foods—a difference in richness
und food value. Don't serve ithe common

  
 

kind, ville police court Friday morning. | Mary Graham; the family moving 36

Only the richest, plumpest grains arc |Joe Nellis and Webb Paslorius were | years ago to Canada, locating at Es-
used In Quaker Oats; They are selected [each fined sthe costs of the court and | sex, later moving te North Ridge, and
by 62 siftings. Only ten pounds are obtain: [allowed to go on suspended sentence [about eight years ago to Cottam. To
cd from a bushel. The result is a foodricly| for being disorderly by fighting on the | the family were horn twelve cliild-
A street. David Grent*was: fined $15 for | dren, one of wham died in infancy.

   

being drunk on the ferry from Detrojt. | Thé-other eleven, with the life, sur-

  

centper dish, ~

 

IRC ound. a = vive—Benjamin, of Cleveland; Delbert
Ee STRAY bogs AND PROTECTION | 20d George, of Cottam; Thomas S., of
FISH N ETS . the 20th Battalion, in‘ service in
. hs ular | France; Herbert, ‘Rose (Mrs. Robert
y # - At his ona Ee Daniher), Laura (Mrs. Wm. White),
LA ei ly ‘When farmers £ Arthur, Harry and Leonard, of Wind-

graze, vagrant dogs get in their work
and the result that not only many fine
sheep are worried ind destroyed, but

sor, and Edna, at home. One brother
Benjamin; at Windsor, also survives,

 
 
  

bills begin to-pile up at the municipal |. Cottam.
4 council, and the charge against the Wm. Campbell; of © Saskatchewan,
municipality amounts to a great deal | las been visiting his sister, Mrs. J
9” more than the dogs are worth, it may | Dalton. Mr. Campbell: purposes. sell
LAM. Limited not:be amiss for the information of | ing his farm in Saskatchewan and
408 “HALLAM BLDG. TORONTO. [communities interested to quote the | moving back to Ontario. He has
. Sa

sections in the Act for sheep pro-
tection relating to this very important
matter. They are as: follows:

9, Any person may kill any dog
which he finds pursuing, worrying or
wounding any sheep.

10, The owner or occupant of a
{| farm, or his servant, who finds a dog
without lawful permission in an en-
closed field on such farm giving tongue
or terrifying any. sheep on such farm
may Kill, such dog.

11. (1) Any person may kill any dog
which he finds straying between sun-
set and sunrise on any farm whereon

 

accepted a position in the munitions
plant at ‘Welkerville—James Steven-
son will shartly erect a new residence
On the lot next to Fred. Birch's on the
Belle River Road, which he_purchas-
ed. Mr. and Mrs. Stevenson will move
to their new home when it i8 complet-
ed, leaving their farm on the 6th con-
cession to thelr son Alvin—A quite
wedding was solemnjzed at the Méth-
odist parsonnge.in Kingsville on Wed-
nesday of! last week, , when Alvin A.
Stevenson, son of Mr. and Mrs, James
Stevenson, and Laura, daughter of Mr.
apd ‘Mrs, Oliver Orton, were made
man and wife, Rev. G. A. King officlat-
Ing. They were unattended. Following
the, ceremony the young couple left
\o spend some days with relatives in
Mersea. They will reside on the
groom's parental farm, the parents
Moving to Cottam.—The annual Bast-
er vestry meeting of Trinity church
Was held in the church on Monday af-
ternoon, the rector of the church and
a good number of members being pres-
ent. The report of the wardens was
the best yet presented for this church:
After meeting an extra assessment on
Salary account the past year, the war-
déng reports balance of over a hundred
d6llars on hand. The total receipts
{OF the year were $823, The following
officers were elected:—Wardens, Sid.
Wyatt and Fred. Corbett; Vestry
Clerk, 1."Jackson; lay delegate, Chas.
Tully; substitute, J. J. Vance; sides.
men, C. A. Tully, Wes. McClelland, Ern
Bowers, CeciliJackson and L. J. Or-
ton; Supt. of Sunday school, Wes: Mc:
Clelland. > -

 

FUNERAL DIRECTOR

RACTICAL Embalmer, Murray St.
Amherstburg. Diy or might,
J Phone 20

L. BERTRAND

 

x CHAS. LEGGETT

AN. sheep are Kept. .
A aN actus (2) No dog so straying which be-
fied patients who aro living tesfimonias [lores to or I8 kept or harbored by the
Exclusive Optical Parlors, Main Be. Kingsville} 0 of any premises next adjoln-
Issuer of Marriage Licenses. | ing such farm or mext-adjoining that
C. P. R. Ticket Agent. part of any highway or lane which
TX abuts thereon, nor any dog so stray-
J ing either when securely muzzled or
Pz) ~ when accompanied by or being within
3 reasonnble call or-control of its own-
er or of any person having charge or
care thereof, shall be.so killed unless
there is reason to belleve that such
dog, if not killed, is likely to pursue,
worry ‘or terrify sheep then on: such
farm. =

The soldiers’ land settlement act
which will provide for a free grant
of Dominion land to veterans of the
Imperial forces, coupled with a pro-
vision for a loan to be advancedfunder
supervision, of $1,600 or $2,000, will be
presented to the House by Hon. Dr.
Roche, Minister of Interior, who with
Hon. Martin Burrell, Minister of Agri:
culture, has had charge of its prepar-
ation. It Is understood that its terms
were settled and approved by the
Prime Minister before leaving for Eng-
land and a full memorandum of fits
provisions was furnished by J. Bruce
Walker, of the Department of the In-
terior, who went to Emgland for the
purpose of representing Canada on the
Tmperial Immigration Board.

   
   
   
    
     
    
 
  
    
    
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
    
  
 
 
  
  

 

Veterinary Surgeon.

d residence : Dalhousie street south
” 290 Wigle's Mill. Amherstburg. Bell Tele-
phone No. 142 Calls answored day r night.

 

  
 
  
  
  
   
  
    
  
  
    

  
   

NOTICE TO CREDITORS.

in the Surrrogate Court of the County
of Essex.

 

 

TILBURY.

  
   
  
  
    
     
    
   
     
  
  
      

      
      
     
  
  
 
 
   
   
    
     
   
 
  
   
   
  
  
    
  
  
   
   
 
  
   
   

 

 

he Estate of Mellville Drummond,
in A of the Township of Colchester
South, In the County of Essex,

a. deceased.

cred! ¢ Melville Drummond, late
of et of Colobester South. in the

The remains of James Stewart, a
{yrmer prominent figure in the life of
Tilbury, were brought here from To-
Fonto Friday evening for burial in
Stawnet cemetery, Tilbury East, beside

   
   
    
    
    
  
    
    

County of fascx. deceased, who died on or —— : his wife ind only son, Carlyle. Miss’
about, the 21st day of February. 1017 And a0 PROPHETIC? Edith Sté¥%prt and three sons-n-law, J.

clad
others hark ate, are heroby notified to
nd by post propaid, or otherwise deliver to
tho. undersigned Administrator on or before
the 21st day of April, 1917, their Christian
and surpAmes, ir and dosorip-
tions, and fall particulars of thelr claims, A
eounts or Into : Fa the natu of the
J) bel ly
vocuthlY (taly arter tho said 21st day of A Hl

Imo
1017, tho assets of the sald intestate wiihe
only to claims or intercsta

buted amongst the particsontitied
to. havior tor ahall thon have
od INET Ye excluded from
wid digreibutiony 1, v DRUMMOND,

 

Balmer, Thronto; A. R. Nichol, Sum:
mit, N. J, and John Wall, of Cleve-
land, accofjpanfed the body; arriving
here on the gvening C.P.R. train. They
were met hy Mayor Richardson and
the town éhupcil and many relatives
So Rens, In 1880 Mr. Stewart
ope ral etore in Tilbury,
and in 1883 bully % substantial block,
co

in which he con
| banking business fof tod 3 pEonpe Toma

{| prominently associated wily the public

(Vancoanver Sun.)

It will not be long before we will
see something like ‘this in the society
column: —"The bride carried a beauti-
ful bouquet of spinach and wore
around her neck a string of genuine
potatoes with a caulifiower pendant,

the gift of the groom.” <
BE —.. h rt i ese

   
 

   
   
   
  
     
   

 
  

 

  
  
  
  
   
   
    

: a [| Jifo of the town, ‘He was al oyu rna:
trix. ita enthusias.
Care of RODD, WIGLE & MHUGH, x || tic member of the achool {rq gon

  
   
   

many years, and an elder of
 [byterinn church. In politics Jie Rees
| Liberal. .

——e tl

Hor Sora taal.
Dated at Windsor, this 9nd day of April, 1017

MAIDSTONE.

: ga a long {Mness i to old!

  

  

   
 
   
 

   
  

   
   
   
   

 

AMHERSTBURG DEALER

Pays 1 cent per fb. for all kinds. of if
_ The highest prices for Iron, Copper, i

Mrs. Jane McHugh,

| wite of the late John Mc Hy zor: |
inent farmer of Maidstone yo

died at Hotel Dien Frifiiv night. Sur

viving are two Sof Prank and Bd-|

ward, the latter a way siness

than any ono else pays. . 18, : man of ESS nd two daughters, Mea. |

- , { Pontinc, Mich., and |
1 want Fat Chickens. Will 2 of 137
"a Tb. mare than Detroit ‘dente

Brass and Rubbers.

  

returning to Toronto .on Wednesday.

leave Toronto this week to complete

reported the school in good condition.

| T. B. S. Twecdale; lay delegate, R. R.

township, | more or less seriously injured when

REPLENISH
YOUR BLOOD
IN THE SPRING

 

Just now you are feeling-Zout of
sorts"—not y r usual sell. Quite ex-
hausted at times and cannot devote
real energy to your work. Sleep does
not rest you and you wake up feeling
“all tired out,” Perhaps rheumatism is
flying through your muscles and joints,
or may be your skin Is disfigured by
rashes, boils and pimples. Headaches,
twinges of neuralgin, fits of nervous-
ness, irritability of temper and a dis-
ordered stomach often increase your
discomfort In the spring.

The cause—winter has left its mark
on you. These troubles are signs that
your blood {8 poor and watery, that
your nerves are exhausted. You must
renew and enrich your blood at once
and restore tone to your tired nerves,
or there may be an complete break
down. The most powerful remedy for
these spring allments in men, women
and children is Dr. Willams’ Pink
Pills for Pale People, because these
Pills cleanse bad blood and strengthen
weak nerves.

New, rich, red blocd—your greatest
need in spring—is plentifully created
by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and with
this new, pure.blood in your veins you
quickly regain health and Incronse
your strength, Then your skin be-
comes clenr, your eyes bright, your
nerves strong; and you feel better, ent
better, sleep better, and are able to
do your work.

Begin your ‘spring tonic treatment
to-day for the blood and nerves with
Dr. Williams" Pink Pills—the Pills that
strengthen.

These Pills are sold by most deal
ers, but do not be persunded to take
“something just the same.” If you
can't get the genuine pills from your
dealer, they will be sent you by mail,
post paid, at 50 cents a box or six

 

boxes: for $2.60 by writing The Dr.
Williams® Medicine ~Co,, Brockville,
Ont.

LEAMINGTON.

 

S. M. Ferguson has returned. (rom
Paisley to his former position In S:
G. Morwe's store,ewhere he hans been
re-engaged,

Selby Smith, of this town, and Miss
Lenn Robson, youngest daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Robson, of the
lake shore, were united In morriage
at Flint, Mich, on Saturday, April
7th, and are receiving the congratula-
tions of their many friends here.

The annual Easter vestry meeting
of St. John's church was held: Mon-
day evening of last week and was
largely attended... The rector, Rev.
Rural Dean Kinder, presided. The re-
ports presented showed the condition
of the parish to be healthy financially
and otherwise. The following officers
were elected: Clergyman's Warden,
H. Lendon; People's Warden, B. Lane;
Lay Delegate to Synod, H, Lendon,
with BE. L, Wekes, alternate; Sides-
men, C. Avery, G. Law, P. Falcon-
bridge, BE: *Sharpe, S. E. ‘Williamson
and KH. L. Weekes; Select Vestry, H,
Lendon, B. Lone, W. Morris, W. T.
Easton, A. Thorndycraft, E. Sharpe, P.
Falconbridge, A, Ludlam,. C. Avery, G.
N. Law, E. L. Weekes and S. William:
son.

A very pretty wedding took place
Saturday afternoon in St. John's
church when “Percy ~Haeris, - of this-
town, formerly of.the 98th Battalion,
was united in Winrriage to Miss Flora,
eldest daughter of Mrs. Louise King,
of Victoria street, The bride, who was
very “becomingly: gowned. was given
away by her brother, Fred. King, Rev,
Rural Dean Kinder officiated in the
ceremony. The bride was attended by
her two sisters, Mrs. George Stodgell
and Miss Carrie King, also by Miss
Dorothy Butt, while thie groom was
ably supported by Samuel Butt, Miss
Mabel. Sheldon, the very efficient or-
ganiat, played the wedding march. The
groom went overseas with the 99th
Battalion but was invalided home
from England, which prevented him
from going. to’ France!

TOWN OF ESSEX.

Pte. O. Vanidour, whoswent over-
sens with the 99th ‘Battalion, and was
invalided to Canada on account of
rheumatism, arrived at his home In
Essex on Sunday last. y

Pte. Hargld Tackaberry is spending
the week with his parents in town,
boeing liome on sick leave on account
of blood poison {n his hand. Harold
is in training In Toronto with the C.
A, M. C, and expects to lenve shortly.

Word has been received in town an-
nouncing the death on April 3rd, ats
Vancouver, B. C.;'of Jane Bell, beloved
wife of John Gourloy, formerly of Es-
sex. Mr. Gourlay and family moved
from Essex to the West about eigh-
teen years 0go.

Pte. Arch. Rhyndréss, of the Can-
adian Cyclist Corps, was at his home
this week on his four days’ final leave,

 

 

 

The corps he is a.member of, is to

their training. a

The annual vestry meeting of St.
Paul's church wns held in the church
on Monday evening of Inst week, the
rector, Rev. H. Millar, in the chair.
The wardens presented a very satis-
factory report, showing receipts of
$1,226. “The expenditures included
$638.67 on account of the renovation
of the church buflding. "After making
all payments, a small balance on hand
was reported. The thanks of the ves-
try was passed to the ladies’ Guild
for thelr work during the year. The
Superintendent of the Sunday school

    
 

   
   
   
  

The matter of repairing the church
shed was referred"to” a committee.
The following officers were elected: —
People's Warden, V. W. Johns; Rec-
tor's Warden, R, J. Shaw; Auditors,

J. R. Gay, A. E. Pollock; Vestry Clerk,
R. R. Brett; sidesmen, James Pierce,
A. B. Pollock, Warren Lee, George

Steed, Frank Church, H. C. Piper and

Brett; substitute, F. B. Geddes; Supt.
of Sunday school, F. B. Geddes. 2
Fred.” Dell, who moved to Detroit
Inst fall, is moving back to town, and
has rented Hans Johnson's house on
Brion avenue, formerly occupied by
W. Greenwood. ~ > i

——

One man was killed and four others

       
   
  
   
  
 
 
  
  
   
 
  

the automobile In which they were
travelling plunged over an embank-
ment In a turn on the Toronto—Ham-
ilton highway, a mile r

  
 

  

   

. planted out in the garden, in order
good practice for him to purchase

  

   
  
    
   

GENERAL CONTRACTOR,

   
   

lots on Park Street which | will re-
lather month, Fic
| 1 am also prepage

First Things to Do in Getting the
Garden Ready.

FEW TOOLS ARE NECESSARY

Information on Digging, Planting,
and Transplanting Which Will
Help the Amateur to Get Stated
Right.

(By 5 5 AL Vegetable
Specialist, Onturio Department of
Agriculture, Toronto.)

JOHNSTON,

The soil Is the workshop in which
Is found many of the constituents

which go to make up plant food.
These foods inust be so treated that
they will be In such a condition that
they may be readily taken up by the
slender rootlets of the plant so that
the lant will thrive and mature.

If possible add some manure to
your soll and work it up well before
planting time. This manure may be
obtained  possibl, from various
sources close to your home; livery
stables or firms dealing entirely with
manure would be willing to supply
it at a reasonable rate. On heavy
soils it is particularly reeommended
that heavy applications be made in
order that the soil will be of a much
finer condition so that it will retain
a large quantity of plant food. Many
of the garden soils will be benefited
by the application of lime. This
may be secured“from various sources
suchas the contractor and builder,
lime and cement dealers, and may be
In the form of fresh lime or éven
slaked lime, This lime" should he
scattered over the surface of the soil
after. the digring has taken place,
and a sufficient amount should be
applied to make the surface of the
ground fairly white. This should be
gently raked into the soil just pre-
vious fo the planting of the seed.

DIGGING. It is necessary {n all
gardens that the soll be turned over
at one time or another during the
early spring In order that it may be-
come dry and fined. We find, that
many of the troubles of “the) back-
yard gardens are caused by digging
the ‘sol! too early in the spring, One
of the easiest ways to tell*when the
soil is ready for diggidg Is to gather
a handful and press the fingers over
it. If the soll in the hand sets in a
somewhat compact mass the time Is
not far enough advanced for com-
mencing digging. If, however, the
soil falls apart into several small
parts we may rest assured that it Is
perfectly safe to dig.

TOOLS. It i8 unnecessary for the
backyard gardener to purchase many
tools for this first garden. Those who
have been growing vegetables In
their backyard for a number of years
gradually add to their supply until
after thrée or four years they have !
accumulated many special tools
which are suited for particular oper-
ations in the garden, Complaints
are sometimes beard that the expense
necessary Lo commence a backyard
garden is very great. Many very
good backyard gardens have been
made and excellent harvests obtain-
ed with very few and comparatively
inexpensive tools. A digging fork or
spade, a rake, and a hoe are about
all the tools essential at the outset,
and these are inexpensive,

PLANTING OF SEEDS. When it
has been determined that the soll is
suitable for digging and the weather
is nice and warm, it is necessary that
the seeds be planted in the garden.
As fine a surface as possible should
be secured, so that the little seeds
will quickly germinate and grow. To
sow the’ seeds quickly, evenly, and
thinly requires considerable practice
and care. The row may be made
straight by stretching fairly tight a
piece of string from one portion of
the garden to another and using this
as a guide for making the trenches or
drills for placing the seeds in. After
the seeds have been dropped in they
should at once” be covered with soil
by gently drawing some of the loose
surface soil in over the seeds with a
piece of stick or with the hands. This |
soil should, however, not be heaped
up over the row but should be placed
evenly with the rest of the garden
soll and packed down,

THINNING. Backyard gardeners
should not attempt to grow immense
quantities at first. It is necessary
to plant sufcient seed to secure a
good crop of plants, the more slender
plants being thinned out soon after
they are above ground so as to assure
reasonable room for a good crop of
healthier plants. The thinning
should be commenced when the
plants are from one to two Inches in
height and should not be left until
the plants have become long and
slender, because (f they are left one
plant simply tries to smother another
one out; whereas, if they are thin-
ned to the proper distance they will
have room to grow to their required
size of maturity.

TRANSPLANTING. The

city

. dweller will find it almost impossible

to grow plants of first-class quality
of such vegetables as tomatoes,
celery, or cabbages unless he has
other appliances such as a hot-bed,
which enables him to start the seeds
very early In the spring and some
time before they could have been
that he may securd early crops. It is
plants swhich may be taken to the
backyard garden and transplanted
or sot out in'the garden at a required
distance and good healthy crope
grown from them, and in all casea
when purchasing plants only sturdy
and vigorous growing plants should
be accepted, Tomato plants to give
the best results should be eight
inches high, and the stalk should be
at least as thick as a lead pencil and
thicker if possible. If the plants al-
ready are in bloom this may be con:
sidered a very good feature. The
root system of the plants should be
large and having fine rootlets, When"
transplanting individual plants care
should be taken to make sure thai
quite a good deal of soil is lofi
sround the root of each plant ]

CHARLES MCLEAN,

 

AMHERSTBURG - - - ONTARIO

| have purchased two houses and

 

model and have ready for rent In an.

PREPARING THE SOIL |

   
   
   
     
 

    

   

 
    
   
  
 
 
 

   
  
 
   

 

 
 
 
        
         
   
       
     

  
   
 
 
 

   
   
        

  
       
      
 
  
      
   
  

    
  
 

   
 

8 To Cily, Town and Village Dwellers in Ontario.

Keep hens this yes

Ese and poultry prices, the like of which have seldom
or never been experienced, certainly make it worth

anyone's while to start keeping hens. By doing so +
you have fresh eggs at the most trifling cost. At thesame
time you have the splendid satisfaction of knowing. that
you are doing something towards helping Britain, Canada
and the Allies achieve victory this ycar.

Increased produgtion of food helps net only to lower

the high cost of living, but it helpd to increase the

urgently needed surplus of Canada’s food for export.

It saves monty otherwise spent for eggs and poultry

at high prices, and saves the labor of others whose

, effort 1s needed for more vital war work,

The Ontario Department of Agriculture will give
every possible assistance by affording information about
poultry keeping, Write for free bulletin which tells how
to keep hens (address below).

“A vegetable garden
for every home”

Nothing should be overlooked in this vital year of the
war. The Depariment carnestly invites everyone to help
increase production by growing vegetables. Lven the
smallest plot of ground, when properly cultivated, pro-
duces a surprising. amount of vegetables. g. Experience is
not essential. ;

On request the Department of Agriculture will send
veluable literature, {ree of charge, giving complete direc=
tions for preparing soil, planting, eultivation, ete. A plan
of a vegetable garden, indicating suitable crop to grow,
best varieties and their arrangement in the garden, will
be sent free to any address.

Address letters to “Vegetable Campaign,”
Department of Agriculture, Parliament ’
Buildings, Toronto {

Ontario Department of Agriculture |

W. H. Hearst, Minister of Agriculture
Parliament Buildings

    
        
     

   
 
 
  
  
        
    
 
     
   
   
 
  
     
 
    
       
    
   
       
     
      
     
     
    
 
 
 
    

 
 
 
  
  
    
  

  
    

    
        
      
   
    
   
    
    
   
 
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
    
   
  
    

 

"Toronto 11

            
 
  

      
  
   
       
 
 

   
  

    
    
   
 
  
    
    
 
 

In ti f need

Every woman should know; the comfort, and axpert os
a the relief of a reliable a To can be de.
pended upon fo right conditions which cause heads"
ache, dizziness, languor, nausea and £onsHpation, At

such times, nothing is so safe, so sure’ speedy as

  
     
         

   
  

  

 
   
 
       
    
    
 
 
     
      
   
  
 

  
 
   
  
  
   
 
 
 
   
  

  
    
   
 

During the past sixty years, millions of women have found them
nog helpful'in toning and strengthening the <vst and for regu-
lating the stomach, liver and bowels. These famé\'s pills are entirely
vegetable and contain no harmful or habit-forming Fri Use them
with entire confidence for they cause no unpleasant after-effects, and

will not fail you
Prepared onl irs. >

Thomas Beecham, St. Helens, Lancashi
ems Beh BL Mslens, Laneashlrs, Eosland,

   
   
 

 
   
     
    
  
  
 

       
  
 

 
 
     
     
      
     
   
  
  
  
   
   
    
  
  
 
     

  

 

   
  
   
  
   
  

   

THEE er prem pry § p— i —

i
hs
|! §

     
   

  

    
   
  

 

> : Fo
) r o

Xe?

FR OR RS I SRL ES BL
ol” x
5

 
   

       
  
 

  
   
   
 
  
  
   
 
 
   

        
     
  

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

   
     
   
   
     
  
   
    
  

      
   
    
    

      
    
     
   
     
    
    
    
    
   
 
   
 

  
  
  
  
 
    
   
    
  
  
    
  

To give sweater coats a
new lease of life

Now that sweater coats arc getting more expensive, it
/_ is more than ever desirable that you wash yours with
LUX. Of all things a sweater coat, which is seen
s0 much, must be kept soft, fluffy; fleccy and “new”
in appearance. You can keep yours that way and
wash it again and again if you do this: © ue
Pour boiling water over LUX flakes—pure essence =
of soap—allowing 3 or 4 tablespoonfuls for every gallon
of water you use. Whip into a creamy Iather—a few
seconds is needed. Then putin the garment and str .
it about. Let it soak until cool enough for your
hands to squecze the water out of the coat—the dirt
just runs away. Rinse in two or three relays of
tepid water, and hang to dry. wi
Very simple. Anyone can do it—just a few minutes’
wark and you get a result that the most expert
French cleaner might well envy. oN

LUX woh't shrink woollens:". Won't hurt anys
fabric or color that pure water ca safely touch:

 
    
    
   

   
   
  
   
   

 

        
   
  

   
 

 
     
     
   
     

 
  
   

 
 
    
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
  

 
  
  
