  
  

   

 
   
   
 

 

al ENT,
OF STEEL

r Modern Civilization ls Based on a

Freak of Nature.

If it were not for one tiny, erratic

break in nature's orderly progression
we should never have had the ma-
chinery that has brought about mod-
em civilization. For we should not
have had steel. It is true we should
have had iron, but pure [ron is almost
useless. It is only when a small quan-
tity of carbon Is added to it that [t
becomes hard enotgh to take a cutting
edge. Then it is called steel.

Why steel hardens is an unsolved
problem. The Scientific American re-
produces some extracts from an ad-
dress before the British Institate of
Mechanical Engineers, delivereq by
Professor Amold. who has for many
years been Investigating the chemical
and mechanical relations betwean fron,
carbon and other metals, and Sir Rob-
ert Hadfleld's experiments that called
attention to this “break” in the order
of nature which alone makes stew] pos-
sible.

Nickel and cobalt are so closely re-
lated to iron In their properties and in
their position in the periodic classifica.
tion—atomie weights, specific gravity,
fusing point and valence being almost
the same—that it might be expected
they would behave identically when
united with carbon. Not so. however,
Sir Robert Hadfield found that when
the “steel” made of nickel and cobalt
was heated or hammered the carbon
came out of the composition and was
precipitated as graphite. If iron bee
haved this way tool steel would turn to
cast Iron as soon as heated. And it is
on the fact that it does not—*a seem-
ingly quite erratic departure on na-
ture’s part from her orderly plan”—
that modern manufacture is founded

 

Cliff of Natural Glass.

 

        
 
   
   
    
 
    
 
 
  

  
  

France, England and Italy in peace times did not
depend upon Amenca but on Russia, Roamania and
Balgaria for most of their breadstuffs. With these
soarces closed the crisis of the hour demands that we
see that our soldiers and the Motherland are fed.

Everyone in Great Britain has been put on limited
rations: meat is prohibited one day-a week and the

making of cakes and pastry has been stopped. Further
restrictions are anticipated.

Bread has gone to 28¢ per four-pound loaf in Eng-
land, for the first time since the Crimean War.

 

People are starving to-day in Belgium,
Poland, in Armenia, in many quarters of the globe.

Famine conditions are becoming more wide-spread every

day.

On these alarming food conditions becoming known,
President Wilson immediately appointed a Food Comptroller
for the United States. He selected Herbert C. Hoover, to
whom the world is indebted as Chairman of the International
Belgium Relief Commission for his personal direction of the
distribution of food among the starving Belgians.

Mr. Hoover is already urging sacrifice and food restric-
ions, for, as he states, “The war will probably last another
year and we shall have all we can do to supply the necessary

food tc carry our Allies through with their full fighting
Stamina.”

The Problem for Ontario

The land under cultivation in Ontario in
365,000 acres less than in 1915.

Consider how much LESS Ontario produced in 1916 than
she raised in 1915: -

    

1916 was

1916 DECREASE

in Serbia, in

  
   

 

    
 
  
  
  

tak

mal

 

 

 

 

      

     
  
  
    
    
  
    
  
    
    
    
    
    
    
   
    
  
    
  
 

 

   
  
      

 

   

   

  
     
   
   
         
      
      
         
   
        
   
   
 
       
       
 
 

| | Year Acres Bushels Acres Bushels
| A. clr of sacar gas ob so | Lord Devonport, British Food Comptroller, pro- Mil Waest.. fo mn iano 105315 gummi Pe TEI Ls
in Yellowstone park. It is half a mile . . ouses a The farmers know that they are the VE,
| SiO i ses taking authority to search the h of Great Barley and Oals . . . , 1916 52088 12388960 U4 7,504,160 that the soil on which crops are grown is the strategic gréund
| the material of which it consists being | rl to prevent food hoarding. AE 1915 552348 10,893.420 on which wars are decided. To their care js entrusted the ba
1 as good glass as that artificially manu. | 1. th k . Pp 4 Bais 1916 955i 1200 of supplies.
Shien : orty million men, less the casualties, are now on eas and Beans . . .% 6512 12
x tn tas i toe to 100 feet act Por) od oe % ft eee. hn tmon noisy S140 759,079 To enable the farm to do the work two factors are essen ++
thick. while the upper portion basing | ye. : Corn 1916 2383 07700 tial. The first is Time. Whatever we are to do must be done ;
*uered and survifid’ nay ann or. | Twenty milhon men and women are supporting pana ER 915 300m 217c04ec  SLA41 9043424 at once.” Nature waits for no man. The second is Labor.
4 : A TE ren EE + Ee A ene 5 309.7 24,760,
1 them rvice m other war activities. Many farmers cannot plant the acres they wo! | because they
huge on i 5s lly en by = is. the land is beac; thisba de Potatoes and Carrots . , 4946 130,523 7,408,429 cannot get the necessary help. Many are afraid to increase
the cliff is not that of natural glass— In the last analysis, the land is bearing this barden. TR 915 17934 132570 4411 5858504 their Screagy because Shey four Shey Void Bob be able io cat Counc.
transpa; ; ostly 3 1 . . re it F vate and harvest an unusual crop after they have raised | membej
me og es and One million tons of food-carrying ships have been. Mange Wor zcls 006 278 976,085 50%. 15600 they are to do the work that is essential for them to do, the last Moved b
Stiakel wits Drath aa torpedoed Sie February Ist, 19i 7 and Turnips . .. . 1015 50,799  253%,323 » ,600,308 man in each city, town and village must be mobilized at once. “ Bron
shades ! . oh . her s ; as criti i 3 ' ; : |
res RD a brown, | Germany's hope for victory is in’ the starvation of Other crops show as critical flectine;, Every man not on Active Service can help. In every city, Tho Sng
. Bntam h ough th bmarme Reports from Ontario on the condition of fall wheat for town and village are, men who, by their training on the farm, rs drain
| Permanent Hay Shed. 3 thr 3 Syma p . Shey 1947 are decidedly discouraging. or by their present occupation, can readily adapt themselves to erosion v
| Drawings for a hay shed which is to | Canada’s sons will have died in vain if hunger on iar “a farm work. These can render no greater service to the Em- uy on
Ee | be part of the permg pe Is the Motherland’ de As there is an average of not more than one man on pire at the present time than by answering the call of the farm. audio
= dui Bows remarcy i el | compels t er S surrender. each. hundred acres’ of farm land in Ontario, the Capable men and boys willing to learn should not allow their Bo petiti
3 ! . Fe : ariel] OOM Rie Aller acrodae rats : k g to She I A
Eg | of public roads and rural engineering The land 1s waiting—the plough is ready—will BRAD Wad antes Taam) sinallor acreage under cultivation lack of farm experience to stand in the way. = tho pel
2 f th Itural artment . . Z. unless extra lz S$ ed. ; ; : od
i A bill ot Fay | we make the plough mightier than the sword? —— ; .. Can the employer render a“more signal service in this chest,
je | may be had upon application to . | Will we help the acres to save the flag? crisis than by encouraging these ‘men to help the farmer to | WE
| that office in Washington. cultivate every available acre, and by making it easy for them Ronded by
] The construction of this shed is 'h to go? t bo a
a | that it may bs built in ag ay inthe EB : 4 a Bt
Bi tions, each sixteen feet long, as are World-Hunger Stares, Us in the ace Ontario’s farm lands are waiting—the implements = are the funds
: | | 1 = ready—the equipment is complete—the farmer is willing—all the York
LE J eds § 4 Move
a David Lubin, representative of the United States to the he needs is labor. Hg on
I i International Institute of Agriculture—maintained : by . forty So short is the world’s food supply that without increased by-law be
io | | Goyernments—reports officially to Washington that the food * production.many in Canada’ must go hungry, and even with Moved
& | | grains of the world on March 3 i 1937; Shove a hale Enomous)y increased production we cannot expect cheap food. ai Le
HE f ,000,000 bushels below the amount necessary -to e world is waiting for our harvest. ‘ rad
ii Se word until August, 1917. He declares it is beyond g CS slip, adap
i { question that unless a greater acreage is put to crop in 1947 SE peice should be declared within" a year, the food con- on be he
| | there will be WORLD-HUNGER before the 1918 crop is - (ditions will be no better, for fhe accumulated hunger of the day, Mas
4 | ‘Ce ree Pp 1s 1 ternoon.s
needed to meet the different require. | harvested. Sa be met. This will absorb a large part of a”
| 8 a ey Ural HE id The failure of the grain crop in the Argentine Repubtic, B : ’ A Nr Dio)
! the eaves twenty feet, with a quarter | which is ordinarily a great Frain-exporting mation, resulted in = ¥ We do not know when this war shall cease. It is endless— and awa
pe pitch gable roof. Ir the building is | an embargo being placed, in March, 1917, upon the export of its lengthening out has paralyzed the thought and conception mie Mon
» more than three sections, or forty. | grains from that country to avert local famine. of all men who thought about it and its possible time of con- Ret
eight feet, long, there should be a bay | . % iat SE clusion. Three months—six months,” we said; nine months, a RL ink
ou, de ro | I aa Dan dition: of Hon fall oe x ry ve ol and Jet two years and eight months have passed 3.50, re
h capac of a y J o y ary 4 a3 :
twenty tons of average hay, the exact | (which is two-thirds of their total wheat crop) on April 1st, — ay oe Fog ars Jo na hs "ive
capacity varying, of course, with the J 1917, to be the poorest ever recorded and predicts a yield of : Ea g giga 4 vy p ine, an
Kil 1 STE ks conto when 244,000,000 bushels below the crop of 1915. The nis Sop b) —Photo from London (Eng.) Bystander. Lloyd George, in a letter addressed to farmers throughout moving’
pot in. good alfalfa it may ‘be ] vith f; able weather, the wheat crop o . 7 id+ roullla
jpoveibie to Put us much us tweatyetve (Mo POOT. Even wi likely 10. be the manett hirty five A 15-year Old Girl at Work he Bmpire, suf ; Sido Li
Duikting tn Seed tor mais salle | ears, not more than as oF te enn crop. Miss Alexandra Smith, one of the thousands of British women “The line which the British' Empire holds Tremble
for storing baled Lay may be built on | Under date of April 10th, Ogden Armour, executive head workers on the land, . She recently won an All-Comers’ Chap- “‘agdinst the Germans is held by those who WORK Une, EJ
y 3 X A « £
one or both sides. of Armour & Company, one of the world’s largest ‘dealers in pion poze for plowing. ‘ON THE LAND as well as by: those who fight Colches!
a vp Ot wu a y food products, stated that unless the United States wishes Jo ion land and: sea. If it breaks at any Point it charged
¥ 5. W walk deliberately into a. catastrophe, the best brams o ARE “‘breaks everywhere. In the face of ; formed;
rman Suh gy, pia’, Sonny; under Govegnment supe Sion, pu iramediatety Food Production 18 the Greatest P I oblem ‘‘seamen of pt Royal naval fing ry { ne Bondy,
that the materials In, a three section | vise means of increasing and conserving fo supplies. : Te Dondyy
shed, such as that shown in the Mlos- Armour urged the cultivation of every available acre. = The the World Faces To-day ..and the soldiers gathered from every part of our 3d. To;
tratiun, 28 feet by 45'feet, shold cost food shortage, he said, is world-wide. European production Empire hold our line firstly. You workers op land fred K
a Httle more than $300. A ‘sbed of is cut in half, the Argentine Republic has suffered droughts. 5 ; oF : ..must hold your part of our line as strongly. piss n
ay be be giclee Toned Canada and the United States must wake up! ° Owing to destruction by submarines, ocean ships are “fall day’s labor you do helps to shorten the strug- Fs
cost of labor, the shed should be built : - “gle and brings as nearer victory. Every idle day, fog a
evmplete, with hay carrier and fight Rt is ‘much easier to protect shipping between Canada “all loitering, lengthens the struggle and makes de- Jo
ming rods, for approximately $450. and ‘England than on the longer voyages from India or “feat more possible. Therefore, in the nation’s John §
; Australia. : “honour, heed! Acquit yourselves like men, and as - pin
Stars by Daylight. One vessel can make twice as many tri from Canada “workers on land do your dvty with all \Vigneu
I worthy of remark that but for FETS 4 1any trips your :
a Ee of the sky the stars to Bafain as from India, and four times as many as from “‘strength I’ of Rida x
Australia. - y ) yf ond §
could be seen in daylight. Even as \ : @ Frank
matters stand some of the brighter of Therefore, every ton of food stuffs grown in Canada is So, for the honor of Canada’s soldiers in France—and 4th an
them have been seen dfter sunrise by worth to the:Motherland two tons grown in India or four tons for the glory of our New-born Nationhood—Ilet it be said of 75, scr
explorers on high) mountains. where. grown in Australia. Ontario's cifizens that, in the hour of our greatest need, their Albert
~ the air is very clear and the sky dark response was worthy of their sons. on
blue. If we could go above the atmos- 3 i.
phere the sky would appear perfectly
black and stars would be visible right

  
 
 
 

€lose up to the snn. Astronomers ob-

Mov

 
 
 
  
   
     

 
 
  
 
 

    
 
 
 

    
   
   
    

    
     
   

 

  
   
  
 
  

© ‘noticed stars passing overhead, the
side light being reduced by the great

| Moy
Mr. R

Ta y . by Mr
Jong Sppelr
: ent a
“serve bright stars in daytime by using. : : - ; : EH
of which cu of to side ch. wi pr. If this country does not raise a big crop this year, not only Organization of Resources Committee,
sons in the bottom of decp wells have

will the people of Canada suffer but the Motherland and her
Allies ‘will suffer and their military power will be weakened if

Parliament Buildings, Toronto,

    
     
        

 
   
 

 
 
 
 
 

    
   

  
  

Bet a

Dro

he being red not paralyzed. Therefore, the right solution of the present war RE : form

Chairman: 5. jiendrie. K.C.M.G,, C.V.0.| ‘ ax u

depths Licutenant-Govi H Chairmen: Honourable Sir Wil- Mo

= ; lam H. Honrst, E.C.M.G., Primo Minister of Ontario; N. W. Rowell, | by M

Ta Ia Eaq., 2G or of the Opposition; 0 H. Abbott,

Dean Swift had something to say on

tips in his ironical “Direction to Sery-

   

~ ants.” To butlers be wrote, “If a gen-
tieman has lain a night in the house
get the cook. the housemaid, the sta.
 bleman, the scullion and the gardener
#0 accompany you, and ‘stand In his
5 in the ball in a line.”~London

      
 
     

   

 
 
 
 
  

  

Wm. Kenney, son of Rev. Kenney, | A Washington despatch: —*An (n- Burgla=s fallen in an atte™ipl to |

Malahide, died as a result of, formal Suggestion from Canada that [blow open the safe of the St. Ald
wounds inflicted when he wag kicked fan inte

by a ¢PIL. The unfortunate young ied

 

 

 

  

    

 

e The Story Humorous and Witty. of
The bumorous story Is strictly a

- work’ of art—Hhigh and delicate art—
. and only an artist can tell it. averred

~ Mark Twain. But no art is necessary
© In'telling the comic and the witty
._ ®tory; anybody can do it. The art of
telling a humorous story—understand,
1 mean by word of mouth, not print—

Russian troops have recaptured

rt, from the Turks the ground lost south-
roational commission be.named alia branch of the Bank of Hoche- | east of Erzingan, on th

to settle long-standing - disputes * he- nga front.

ith impressive = military The bad weather has
was an ¥Pert horseman, and was try- | tween Canadian and American fiihing | monies the remains of Lieut-Col. E. jon’ the French Balkan front.

Ing to catch a ‘doit. The colt threw | interests have beon recefved here fay-|{E. W. Moore, who was killed in Eng- | snow on the Vardar
“itself and became 5t in a fence,

a land on April 6th, when he fell from |a depth of six to-ej
Kenney than proceeded '5et It, when | crably, It was learned to-dey, and AN hsi horse, were Infd to rest at Hamil-| The re
it broke away and kicked hm over | €0rly Agreement for the commission's | yop, : \

the left eye. He could not 82€ two | appointment is believed 1ikely. A for-| The loan which the United States y

n, in
1 | V
tif "We Mid WASI) rod Iy will be made to [soon will raise by its $5,000,000,000 [tribute to the memory
ig ~ nd = os ren- | the EN LR within a few [bond issue will be officially resignated Washington 1b

dered blind. days.” the “Liberty Loan of 1917.” Vernon.

   
  
   
 

  
  
    
   
  
     
   

 
    

awarded to the foundation Company
of New York, a contract for bullding
an indefinite number of wooden ships,

which will be turned out at the rate

The [of one every ten days.
hills has reached Nearly all oy

ght feet. tions are |s;

       
      
     

    
 
  
 

       
   

 

 
  
 
 

  
     
  

   
   
  
   
  

  
   
   

 

      
     

 

    

    

 
