 
  

Overalls: Overalls - -

*Men’s Suits
Men's Blue. Serge Suits, in all sizes.

for $9.00, $9.50, $10.00, $10.50, $12.50,
$15.00, $18.00, $20.00 and $22.50

Men's Grey and Brown Suits in all
sizes from $7.50 to $20.00

Boys’ Blue Serge Suits in all sizes
from $3.00 up to $7.50

Boys' Grey and Brown Suits, in all
sizes, from $2.50 up to $6.50 :

Shirts Shirts

“ In White and Stripe, different pat-
terns, in all sizes.

T6c Shirt for
50c Shirt for
(for Saturday only)
“Working Shirts made of very strong
cambric in grey at 50c; black, 50¢;

in blue =nd khaki, 75¢c
Flannel Shirts, in all sizes, $1.00, $1.50
and. $2.00

   

 

;

Gordon's blue Overalls wit hwhite
stripes, sacrificed at $1.00, in all sizes,
just for Saturday.

Working Coats

Men's Working Coats, heavy khaki,
duck, for $2.00 and $2.50

Men's Working Coat, heavy khaki
duck, felt lined, for $3.00, $3.50 and
4.00

Men's Reversible Carduroy and leath-

 

v 7

: Aon’ ri
Men’s Shoes
Men's Dongola Blucher for. ...
Men's Gunmetal Blucher for = $3.00
Men's Vicl Calf Blucher, $3.75, $4.00
Men's Gunmetal, button... .....$3.00
Men's Viel Calf, button, $8.50, $4.00,
Men's Working Shoe, split leather,
Men's Grain Leather Heavy Shoes,

$2.50, $2.75, $3.00, $2.50 and $4.00
Men's Urus Calf Waterproof, * $3.75,

5 A

Fad 2

: ety :

Ladies’ Shoes
anol Blacher, high heed and low
Ladies’ Gunmetal Blucher and h
high and fow heel, $2.75
Ladies, High Top Patent 'Leatier,
style, French heel, $3.00,
$4.00 and $4.50

idies® Gypsy Boots, high top, French
heel, at $3.50

Misses’ Shoes

Misses’

00 and
Men's Reversible Corduray and Jeath: = $4.50

er, $7.00 and $8.00
Men's Reversible Working Coat, $4.00

Boys’

 

Men's Black Soft Hats from 50 cup to
3.00

Men's and Boys' heavy and fine Caps,
from 25c up to $1.75

$2.50, $2.75 and
2.75 and $3.00

 

 

he

We Specialize
in High Grade

 

“are not alike.

Secret of a Good Cup of Tea
aH

TEAS and COFFEE!

Highest Price Paid for Butter

J. H. LOVEGROVE

GROCER SPECIALIST.

TOWN AND COUNTY.

—FEdgar Guest. of Detroit, humorist

entertajned at St’ Andrews Monday
rogram.

i Yh Fo Nichol’ takes the ser-

vices next Sunday in St

church, Windsor, :

—Guy Brown, Kingsville, has been
added to the list of soloists for the
Monday evening program at the town
nal oar Rev. H. M. Paulin, of Wind-
sor, at St. Andrews charch on Sun-
day at 11 am. and in the town hall

7 pm.

Ma Rev. Percy Harding, who for
:flve years hans been assistant at All

Saints’ church, Windsor, has been ap-
pointed rector of Waterloo. 2

—Dollar Day—Save your $$$ at
John Grant's, Saturday, March 3rd,
and Monday, March 5th. - See his big
offering for $1.00 on page 4.

— Mr. and Mrs. George D. Pottyplecs
left 0 Wednesday for a visit in For-
est... Mr. Pettyplece also made a busl
ness. trip to Londan while away.

—Sarnia butchers are compelled to
appear on the market all attired in
white, or be haled to police court and
fined. This has been adopted gs ©
sanitary measure. :

—Bishop Williams, who was to have
administered the rite of confirmation
fn Christ church on March 5th, is ill
and has postponed for a time his, visit
to Amherstburg. :

—Corp. Donald Nichak:of the 241st
Battalion, continues very ill with pneu-
monia at “London, baving_not yet
reached the ycrisis. His, mother re-
’ monins with him until he makes the
1urn.

—John Grant, general merchant, is
inaugurating the first Dollar Days in
Amherstburg, Saturday -and— Monday;
March 3rd and 5th. His advertise
ment this week tells the whole story.
Read it.

—Not only#the weather conditions
indicate that spring Is approaching, the
first robin has made his appearance,
being seen by Mr. Barrett among his
evergreens Tuesday morning, This is
earlier than the Globe robin, but it js
to be cxpected that these Knowing
birds would return earlier to the ban-
ana belt than to Toronto, the Good
but-cold. ’

—Whifle® crossing {a ® street in ‘De-
troft Friday evening on his way to
Fred. Atkin's, Wellington Atkin was
struck by an automobile, but fortun-
ately escaped serious injuries. He
suffered some bruises about the head
and had his eye cut. He was taken
to the hospital for treatment but was
able to return home on Saturday, and
1s about all right again.

—Albert E. Pllett, professional
piano tuner—tone and action regu:
lator, late of the 99th Battalion Band
overseas; will be in town In a few
days to do all kinds of plano and or-
gan tuning and repairing. Those that
know me know what I can do; those
‘ that don’t, please give me a trial and

be convinced. Orders left at’ Park's

Drug Store will receive prompt atten-

tion and guaranteed satisfaction. 25
. , years'- experience. Nuff sed.

4 *  —Tawn boy# and girls enjoyed Sat-
urday the best river dkating for many
years, the whole expanse from Bar
Point to beyond. Wyandotte beipg like
a sheet of glass. Armies of them were
out all day. About noon residents of
town thouglit a Zeppelin had visited
here from the trip hammer exhaust
of an engine pulsating: in the alr. It
proved to be the first motor sleigh ever
seen {n these parts and was driven by
Lloyd O'Donnell, Syd Stephens and
Hurold Reeves, Detroit young men
much in evidence at Bols Blanc dur
_ ing summer holidays, who were spend-

“ing the week-end at Grosse Isle and
. took advantage’ of the (ce conditions
to give. their new craft a thorough
try out. ®
~—Sltricken with heart failure, John
. _B. Mayville, 82 years old, one of
. Windsor's oldest citizens, died Sun-
day at the home of his daughter, Mrs.
Ellen Ae lonireul, 16 J,oudon
street east.” Mr. Mayville attend
© early mass and was apparently in“his

 

 

   

 
 

  
      

 
 
 
 
 

  
  

   
 
  
   
  
 
  
 
   
    
      
  
 
 
  
 
   
  
   
    
 
 
 
    
 
 
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 

 

   
   
   
   
    
 
   
 
  
    
 
     
   
   
  
  
 
 

 

_usunl health. Mr, Mayville was born.

llen

|

 

    
 

st. | 7 Tr
ei | at ln force the Boimion

Andrews | ome

 

 

Toledo, were the guests of relatives in
| town over Sunday.

—Lijeut. Chambers, of the 153rd Bat-
és, there is a whole Tot in the way [tallion, St. Thomas, was a guest at F.
made. But ‘the first essential 8 |P. Scratch’s, on Sunday.
the right kind. All brands | —Miss Laura Ryan underwent an
If you want to get the | operation for throat ‘trouble at Hotel
one that suits you and your family, | Dieu, on Tuesday. She is deing nicely.
let us help vou in your selection. | —=Mrs. M. J. Atkinson is prepared to

weave ‘Tag carpets and rugs at her
| home, river front. Orders will receive

 

 

t's

to get

>
Joep attention.
2 . J é —The Rev. H. A. Wright is giviug
Phone §, Amherstburg, Ont a bible instruction in the “parish 7 all

 
 
   
 
  

of Christ church each Wednesday af-
ternoon at 4 o'clock.

 

 

Boys’ Dongola Blucher, $1.50 and $1.75
Boy's Dongola Blucher and Button,

Boys’ Gunmetal Blucher, $2.25, $2.50,
Boys' Gunmetal Button, $3.00 & $3.50

 

—Mr. and Mrs. Cecil England, of |

A

3 Dongola Blucher, $1.65, $1.75,
$1.90 and $2.00

Misses Grain Leather, $1.50, $1.90,
$2.00, $225 and $2.50

Misses Gunmeta! Button, Cloth Tops,
$2.00, $225 .

Miyses’ Button Patent Leather, $2.00,
$2.25, $2.50 and $3.00 x

Misses’ Heavy School Shoes for$1.25,
$1.50 and $1.75

 

Shoes

$3.00

 

Infants’ Shoes in all sizes, Buttons,
and Bluchers, from 50c up to $2.00

 

 

 

—Mrs. J. D. Burk. of London, is
spending a few days in Amherstburg.

 

BIRTHS.

Acres—In Gosfield South. on Thursday. Feb-
—Corn! . Corn/for everyone! Come | = ruary Sind. the wits of Sir. Wilbur Allen,

to my place on Bathurst street. Have of a daughter. i
Just received the best car of No. 1 | HonsT—At 3 W andotte treet, west, Wind-
corn. W. E. Atkin. ‘Phone 56, Bor rt cdnosday, ‘Rebrudhy dist. the wile
of Dr, Eli Hurst, Clara Austin) of
—How docs it happen that Halsey | Lapeer, Mich. of a son. still born.
Park, the jeweler, hos had a larger { Hour—In Mercea, on Monday, February 19th,
steady run of watch and jewelry re- | the wife of Mr. Charles Hall, of a daughter,
pairing than any other jeweler ever | Jovce—In Gosfield North. go Thursday. Feb
had fn Amherstburg? There is only |  FUArY 15th. the wifo of Mir. John Joyce. of

a son.
one answer—He knows the business

Joxs—In Colchester North. on Wednesday.
and plays fair l February 2Ixt, the wife of Mr. William

—C. W. King and B. E. Abbott, | | Sones SF ven: : ;
N rely ONES—AL Beaverton, Onl... Saturdny,
in the a eve | ruary 2ith, the wife "of Mr. Charles

I | Jones. of n daughter
thelr yesignations to head office, and | JoxEs—In Andordon, Wednesday. February

Feb-
L.

   

Es a —Frank Grenier, of Cleveland, is {when cd will enlist in the me- | ith. the wife of Mr. Roy Jones, of a
—Ed. Ts went to pala os Now visiting his sister, Mrs. L. Bertrand, | chanfeal Prausport Corps for overseas | 3 Auth. AT) A gm
day to enlist In a Kent regiment. - fang other relatives while on a busl- |'service: ab AcksoN—In Gosfleld North. Monday. Fe
“Twenty-five new . me 5 k E “arn ! 10h> Ifo of Mr. Ell Jackson, of
—Twenty-five new . members Were |neqy trip to Detroit and other places. | - —Major E~ Murcay, Thomas return- | EE oa an

 
   
  

received fn St. Andrews church Inst
Sunday morning. v =
“—Mrs. L. M. Thomas . will, be’ at
to her friends at her home ol
Richmond street on Saturday, from 3
10

~Can you think of any nicer house-
told device than” a kitchen cabinet?
The model on front page and then
order one {rom the Kemp Furniture
Co. -
—S8aervices in Christ church on Sun-
day at 11 and 7 o'clock. On the Sun-
duy evenings during -Lent the rector
is giving an interesting series of ad-
dresses, his subject for next Sunday
night being “What [s Man?”

 

Li}

Mrs. Lucas Park. of Seaforth, ar
rived in Amherstburg Monday, to he
a guest at Copt. Jarmin’s and with
other friends in town.

Mrs. Leighton and Miss Belle re-

 

   
   

 

  

cd from Oftaws op Saturday evening | Kevs—In Gostieldi South, on Thursday, Feh-
ruary 5th. the wife of Mr. Willlnm Keys,

after in ing the militia author- | I

ities. His Yemve, which expired Sun-|  ©f a ron. .

dny, lias been axiended for two weeks, | MASE I® Maldon, Friday, February

at the conclusion of which time he ex-| daughter,

pects to return overseas. | NELRON—In Goxfleld South. on Manday. Feb-
—On account of the Presbyterian | Tony an, jhaileof Mr. John. Nelson.

anniversary the Bpworth League of | prrripigex—In Anderdon. Wednesday, Feb

Wesley church will be postponed from ! ruary lth. the wife of Mr. Charles D.

Monday -night until Tuesday ‘night, ,  Pettyplece, of a daughter

All members are urged to be present | Pang—At Lolselleville. Thur<dny, Februnry

turned Howysths hank Pou —Are you loynl enough to stick toto make final arrangements: forthe Hud, the wife of Mr. Amedeo Pare, of a
FICE { 0 wi v, P q ie 0
Jence | £3 HEL ter a tWolyour home baker? In the ‘midst of { yyjggfonary Banquet March Sth. Quick ~ At Pontinc, Mich.. Sanday, February
months’ stay in a the hardest kind of times Curtis has —Mrs. A. R. Middleton. of Flint, | 23th. tho wife of Mr. Arthur Quick, of a
We test e) supply lenses end canginned to turn out the best kind Mich., and two children, Will il] go sialon, S
frames, guarontee Satisfaction, andlor phrond, keeping the price as low as | ich. and two children, 8 ANC | gr preron—In Colohestor Sonth. on Snriday
don't~ charge double profits. Halsey 0 wwerything entering in- Ellen, are spending two weeks with Fob. 25th, the wife of Mr. Samuel Staple
Son in clisTFe ABUTS Tran possible, with cverything herinE [her mother, Mrs, William Gibb, George | ton. of a daughter.
fin Sullivan and Fraser Sullivan to themuke up kicking theZbeam.- Be oo Miss Loretta Gibb. of Detroit, | SWEETsAS—Tn Gosfleld North. Friday. Feb-
— John Sullivan and a user of Curlis’ bread at all times. is al ending two seeks Th runry 16th, the wife of Mr. Asa Sweetman,
were Ir on Monday looking over |" _qpe A. .C. R. have a gang of | '® i180 spe BE two weeks there. of a zon.

 
   
   
 

ng plant. and getting ready
nnual spring house cleaning,
Steinburg and’ Miss Steln-
burg, her daughter, of Detroit, ‘were
guests of Mrs. Arthur Ankins last Sun-
day, besides a few other friends in

their d
for t

men stationed here in three boarding
cars, cominencing on the work of put-
ting in a new telegraph linge from
Amherstburg to Essex. The old line
pales and all are being dug up and
thrown out. New ralls will also be
1nf{d and the road bed improved, so
as to better be able to handle the
Brunner, Mond shipments.

—The funeral of the lite Mrs. Ellen
Connell was held on’ Saturday morn-
ing, snd was attended by a large
number of townspeople and relatives
of the family. The remains were tak-
en to the R. C. church for requiem
maag;, which was sung by Rev. Father
Christian, and burial was in the RJ C.
cemetery, the pallbearers being Chas.
and John McEean, John  Maddigan,

 

/. M. S. of Wesley church
will meet at the home of Mrs. Marsh
Wednesday, March 7th, at 3 pm. All
Indies are invited to’ nttend and help |
the good cause .

—Detroit, on Tuesday, sent twenty
prisoners tp Jackson prison. = This
breaks all records. The Jackson pris:
on has 1,063 inmates, the largest num-
ber ever housed there.

—The services off Wesley church
next Sunday will be as follows: 9.30

 

          

1
a.m,” Men's Brotherhood; 10 a.m.,!jymes Campeanu and Alexander Bert- | rapidly -grew worse. | COULTER—STRATFORD—AL the Rectory. Til-
; . 2 9 a A Sind | bury. Wi iday, Fe y 214t. | by
Young People's Class; 10.30 a.m. “Ths | rind ZA well attended meeting of the | Heirs Fini di by
Price of Discipleship,” Rev. A M1 Racent real estate deals: James | Directors of the A., A. & M. Agricul-| tor, of Merson. to Miss Dorn Stritford,
Stuart, B.A.; 11.30 a.m., Sunday school. | crowley has purchased Mrs. J. P.|tural Society’ was held at the town | Ssshter of Mr. William teat ford. Tilbury.

  
  
     
   
   
 

The evening service w. e withdrawn
that all moy attend the Presbyterian
anniversary in the hall.

—The outsiders assisting at St. An-
drews church next Sunday are being
entertained as follows: Edgar. A.
Guest, Detroit, with Capt. David Hack-
ett; Rev. H. M. Paulin, ;of Windsor,
at John Grant's; Mrs. George McDon-
ald and Mrs. Demming, with Mrs, FB.
P. Scratch; and Mr. and. Mrs. E. V.
Illsey, of Windsor, with Mrs. (Capt.) |
F. J. Trotter,

—Potatoes are not.the only kind of
vegetables that are putting on aristo-
cratic airs at the present time.” The
turnip that used to be selling by the
bag for 25 cents or therecbouts hos
alsosbecome chesty, and has moved up
in the’ dollar reservotion. A farmer
living near Belleville one day recently
brought a load of turnips to that
city and. went home with $49 in his
pocket.

~The © Public Library has¥k been
closed for a couple of weeks owing to
the dearth of cogl. The Board thought
it best to close the institution rather
than deprive some othér places more
absolutely necessary to be kept open,
of coal that would be used In the lib-
rary. As soon as. conditions better
themselves, the place will be opened
and by that time a new lot of 126
books will be on the shelves.

’ —The Essex Border Utilitics Com-
migsioners have decided to ask the
Legislature io permit an amendment
to the act by which the Commission
was created, so that the commission
will.be able to control the sale of all
of its. debentures. Commissioner
Smith, of Windsor, objected to the
change, but after Mayor Tuson had
explnined the matter and pliced him-
self on record as favoring it, the seg:
retary was Instructed to send the
dimended act to Toronto for ratifica-
tion. " y:

—Willim T. Gregory, of Leaming-
(ton, advocates threngh the press the
Torming of boys’ potato clubs in all
cities, towns, villeges nnd. hamlets
throughout the Dominion. Patriotic
citizens could supply seed, and have
the land prepared for planting. Prizes
could be offered for the greatest
yields. In this manner oll vacant lots,
back ynrds, untilled gardens, etc.
could be utilized to good advantage.
In feet many towns have enough vue-
ant lots to feed the people. This riv-
alry among the boys would also result
in the same among the farmers and

Duke's house and property on Park
street; >» Charles Graveline recently
sold a lot on the front of the Fraser
farm to Henry Smale; John Casey
hans purchdised the Lewitt (Hobley)
house and property, in. which he has

been living for some time; Capt. W.
H. Gatfield bought the Michael Cox
place of threo acres on the Quarry
road. | .

—Pneumonia claimed another ,vic-
tim in Amherstburg Tuesday forenoon
when Frank, 18-year-old son’ of Nr.
and Mrs. Jeremiah, Harris, © passed
away after.a couple of weeks’ illness.
The’ family moved here In November
from Colchester North, where they had
lived for nearly a quarter ofsa cen.
tury. Mr. Harris and his son were
employed with the Cadwell Silex Stone
Coin the cement works at Sandwich.
Besides the parents. six childrén sur-
vive. The funeral took, place yester-
day (Thursday) to New Canaan,
where services were held in the A.
M. E. church. Interment was made in
the cemetery adjoining.

+ —The following are a list of the
names of our home boys who received
‘and acknowledged the parcels sent at
Christmas time by Fort Malden Chap-
ter, L. O. D. E., Some have not reach-
ed the boys as'yet. but judging from a
letter recelved lust weck from Sergt.
C. N. Ferriss, thanking the Daughters
for a parcel sent him last July which
had just arrived, we feel sure all sent
will reach their destination. The
names are:* C.-N. Thomas, Orville
Fox, Wilfred Smith, Wiltred Forhan,
Geo, C. Hamilton, Harvey Hamilton,
Glen Hamilton, W. A. Wanless, C. G.
Middlediteh, C. R. Aikman, Claire Fer-
tins, Corwin Thomas, L, M. Thomas,
Hubert Harris;"Harry Taylor, Harry
Middleditch, Nathan Kott. Willlam
Kett, Ed. Bailey, Ralph Renume, Stan
Fox, Russ Fox, Dick Chretien, Ernie
Brown, C. W. Kemp, H. Tremblay,
‘Walter Callam, Lloyd Pettypiece.

—Joseph Malott, native of Kings-
ville, died Wednesdny afternoon at the.
home of his niece, Mrs. Joel Cralg,
Leird avenue. Mr. IMalott came there
in November last and five woeks ago
took very Il} with heart and dropsical
trouble. Fridey last ho had a slight
stroke of paralysis and - nnother on
Wodnesdsy, which hastened the ond.
Mr. Malott was born in Kingsville 79
years ago the coming April his father
being the late John Mal «his
mother Octavia Smith. Only ‘one sis-
ter Is living, Mrs. Arch. Murphy, of
Blue Island, Ill. He wns married. in
Kingsville to Fannie Golden, sister of
the late Richard and Jasper Golden,

   
 

  

  

 

    
     
   
 

  

 

 

       
     
 

       
   
   
 

  
  
   
   
    
     
  
   
  

 

 

  

 

   

 

   
 
 
    
   
   
   
 
  
  
 
 
 
 

    
  

  
 
 
    
 

   
   
 
 
  
 

—Twp important features,

  
 
   
  
  

     
     
   
  

  
  
 
  
  
 
 
    
 

| Toronto; the Inte Mrs. Garrett, of Aus-

 

    
  

~Danfel Bgrirpnd, better known as
“Tom,” has deelded to ‘retire .from
the blacksmithing and“ horseshoeing
businéss after G6yenrs. He Is 72 years
old and started In the business when
14 years of age with the lute John B.
Mayville, who died in Windsor on Sun-
day last: .

—Frederick R. Hazard, president of
the Solvay. Process Company, with
plantg at Syracuse, Detroit and Am-
herstburg, died at thesWomen's and
Children’s hospital in Syracuse, N. Y.,
Tuesday night, after a two weeks’ {ll-
ness caused by an infected tooth. The |
poisom from the disepsed tooth spread
through his system and despite two |
operations and the treatment of spec- |
lalists from dll, over the country, he

TrENYLAY—In McGregor. Monday, February
2th, the wife of Mr. Alexander Tremblay.
ofa son. |

   

MARRIAGES.

ARMETRONG—LESLIR—AL the brides home. on
wy eduesday, Fobrunry 21st, by Rev. F. J.
Rutherford. Floyd Carling, #on sof Mr.
Adolphus Armstrong. Reeve of Mersea to
Mixs ‘Mary Rose. daughter of Mr. John
Leslie. of Staples ’

Ber witii— WILSON — At the home of the
bride's sister. Mr-. Roy Buchanan. on Mon-
day. Febroary 26th, by Rev, Mr. Edincion,
fjartor Presbyterian” church, Mr. F. F.

Jockwith. of Guelph, to Mixs Elizabeth,
Afth daughter of Mr. John Wilkou, of
| Harrow,

| Cor—Bryax—At the Methodist Parsons

Paulding. ‘Ohio. Tnesdny, February 3th,

Ordway Coll, of Detroit. son of Mr. L. Lo

Coll. of Malden to Miss Ilo, only daughter

of Mr. John Bryan, of Trover HiIl Ohlo.

    

hall on Saturday afternoon, the fol-
lowing being ‘present: A: \W. Marsh,
President; in the chalr; J. H. Petty-
plece, Secretgry; W. E. Craig, Frank
McGee; A. P. Meloche, Henry Vollans,

MIKE=JENKING—AL (he Rectory. Windsor,
Saturday, February 17th. by Rev, Percy
N. Hardiug. Pte. Thomas Mike of the
2{1st battalion to Miss Violet Jenkins, of
Kingsville.

MACNRILL=DUNXCAN — At the Presb; i
Fi W. Patton, Walter Anderson, R. H. Manse, Windsor. Wednedday. February
McGregor, Thomas W. Taylor. Mr. 2st. by. Rev. H. M. Paulin, Serst. James

MaoNelll. of the 24Ist battalion to Miss
Agned Carr Dunéan. of Windsor.

WHITE=TuOoMPRON—At the bride's home. on
Thursday, Fohra aod, by Rev. W. EK,
Pescott, Mr. Wm, White, of Nocedab,
Wik. to Miss Ethel Jessie. daughter of
Mr: James [&. Thampmon, City Treasurer,
Windsor.

WarsoN — PETERSON — In Leamington: on
Wednesday. Fehrunty 25th, Wilmot Wat-
son. kon of Mr. B. C, Watson to Miss Minna,
daughter of Mr. Norman Peterson. all of
Leamington. i

Vollans. was elected Director for An-
derdon, to complete the organization
of the board; : A motion was adopted
asking the Department to have a Bee
demonstration at the Fair. as a spec-
fal attraction. The President and Sec-
retary were authorized to arrange for
additional agricultural ‘meetings in
Malden and%Anderdon to discuss agri-
cultural tapics. It was mlso decided
that the njmes and addresses of all
exhibitors should be placed on “the
entry tickets of the coming fair, to be
concenled until after the awards were
made. It was moved dnd secanded by
Messrs. Craig and Patton, that the
President Invite Dr. Creelman, Com-
missioner of Agriculture, to gpen’ the
fair. A long discussion took piace on
the matter of allowing horses to be
shown in two sections In each class,
and a motion was carried to, revise
the prize list In that respect. The
Secretary was instructed to get infor-
mation regarding the cost of chicken
coops, In case the Jirectars eclied
to have the birds shown single Instead |
of in pairs ns heretofore. The judges
were chosen for. classes not supplied
by departmental Judges.

a en

DEATH OF MRS: F .B. HACKETT.

      

AuLD— At Essex. abt Sund

, February 25th,
Charles W. W. Auld. of dont "an of Me
W. H. Auld, of the Free Press in the ist
year of hi= age.
Burr—In Walkerville. on Monday. February
Lh, Joseph Bull, aged 71 rl gb 2
Daussoxp—In Windsor, Wednesday, Fob
ruary 21st. Melville Dru: o
of Colchestar South. ROO your rmrly
Honxx—In Bandwich South, on Wednesd
February dist. R. A. Horne. aged 8 vens
Kennr—In Windsor. Tu y -
" John Kerr. axed 7 ry: Foy Te
ACKETT—In Amherstburg, Friday, Fob,
ith, Jean Gordan, widow of the Hi, Cae
brinch B. Hackett, aged 82 years, § mos.
ova In Toronto. Sunday, February. 25th
Dr. Henry Hough. in th k ih to.
HanrRis—In Ambersibu; ro innite:

rg. To
eh, Fra
ako 1B ith, ery of Pgh pee Harris,
Thursday,

HEATHERINGTON~In Leamington,
Rind. Mixa Sarah Heatherington,

      
  

  

 

  

   
     
    
  

   

 

  
  
   
 
    
  
   
    
   
    
    
 
     
  
 
   
    
   

February
Hay Lo th W.
—AL Hou oodelee, Wednesday
February 21st, Edward A
years, 10 h'3nthe and Td pose. aged

LavoNp—InSand wich East, Sunday. Feb
2th La years "7

‘Waost. Monday, Feb,
orris, son of Mr. Charles

Macorr—In burg, Wednesday, Feb
LUALY 2h. Joutph Malai, fo the 70th your Hi

McDoNALD—In Kipgeille. Sunday, Febrogey
23h Min TAI Mobionai dann en

on | L aged 23 years,
MavVILLES In Windsor ;
2th. Fanole, d soon Sida. Fobiiary
dior, q
B.

     
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
 
    
  
 
 
  
  

 

Mrs, Jean Gordon, relict of the late
Capt. Francis B..Hackeft, passed away
at the family home, river front, Am:
herstburg, Tuesday afternoon, in the
83rd year of her age. She had been
an invalid the past Tour years follaw-
ing o stroke of paralysis. Mrs. Hack-
ett is the last of the Gordon family.
She was. a daughter of the late John
Gordon, uncle of John McLeod, former
M. P, and was born In Bcotland. The
other members of the family were
tho Inte Mrs. J. Howard Hunter, of

   
  
 
    

TT
: 3 mn

x John Ma native rend

Qo! In Bandwich West. on Bunday, Fob

Hy rE) dni af Mr. John

ro Mie *pary

South,

tralia, and the Iate James Gordon, of
Amherstburg. The subject of this
sketch was for some years a teacher
on the staff of

mherstburg Pub-|* Pp Conch
llc school as h

e, nt to. the late of hor age,
James Bell, firet ol inspector for Hund, lanoorary 2h,
this district. Cs ‘and Hie, Widow of nd |

ett were m : C i n, Thursda, Fob:
Amherstbhorg, Matthew, he

runry 6th, 186
owned and lived Bsbaod and-an in.

will develop the efficiency of the Chil-|and to them were born four children— 3

dren's Ald Soclety of Ba County, | Mrs. Ed. B of
ers wmaonced at the annual meee | James Hall, Waiter
ety Friday night. It was |B

 

  

    
    
   
   
   
  
  
      
           
   
      
      
        
              
          
      
       
   
      
   

         
     
      
   

       
    

Ftd dd deb bo de

i

Ladies Coats, In all styles, $3.00 up
to $15.00 IN

Misses! Coats, in all styles, $2.00 up
to $10.00

Wi rette In different patterns,

Hiri 10, 12Vsc, 1dc, 15¢, 18¢c and
20c per yard

Flannelette, 12Vc, 14¢, 15¢, 16¢, 17¢,
18¢, 20c and 22c per yard

 

Ladies’ Blue Serge, for dgesses and
suits, from 50c up to $1.75 per yard

Silk Poplins, blue and black, $1.25 and
$1.50 per yard

Brown Cashmere and Brown Serges,
from 75¢ to $1.00 per yard

Blue, Black and Green Broadcloth,

from $1.00 up
Shepherd Checks, from 20c up to $1.00

Plaids, all colors, from 10c up to 85¢c
per yard

Underwear
Ladies’ Underwear, all. wool, 80c
$1.60 per garment = 6
Ladies’ Combination, all wool, fron
$1.25 up to $276 .
Ladles’ Fleece Lined, 40c to 650 peg:
garment : i

Linen and Towsllings.

Table Linen in different patterns, | "

 

 

from 25¢ to $2.26 per yard

Kitchen Towelling, from 10c to 17, J
per yard : i

Linen Towelling, from 30¢ to 50c yard,
Guest Towelling, from 25¢ to 60c yarg:
:

by

 

Sweaters

Ladies’ Sweaters, in Blue, Black, Red, ‘J
Grey, Fawn and White, from $1.00. J
up to $7.00 : a

 

 

i

 

 

$ Labor and Wo

J Our READN-TRIMMED Wall Papers come as a boon to the
amateur paper hanger, enabling them to accomplish the work
without any mishaps. THIS IS A WISE WARNING: —Begin your
spring decorating early. We have just placed in stock 20,000 rolls
of New Papers. Handsome papers for every room in the house,
Scotch Oatmeals of floral and conventional designs. Ready-cut
Borders and Strappings in winsome colorings—light and dark
green, golden brown, cream, tan and blue.
that are sure to give ABSOLUTE SATISFACTION. COME AND
SEE THEM while the stock is complete.

Red Salmon

Ih.

14

 

my Eliminated,

LENTEN SPECIAL.

11 Tins..

 

           
 

 

We offer wall papers

 

   
 

Tins...

Also Finnan Haddle and Codfish in package or tins,

 

Barlow & Smith

 

Groceries and Provisions, China and Wall Paper.
AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO.

 

 

this season to

not?

in Ontario.

A ;

NEW HAT

Is an absolute necessity at fi

wants to dress. xp to the
times, and whats man doe

Every new

best makers is ‘here and our |
stocks are second to none

 

 

  
   
    
     
   
 

ry
1

Redpath’s

~~ Going at
per cwt.

 

F. P. Scratch & Co. ||

AMHERSTBURO, ONTARIO,

i rer
Oh! Sugar |

dust Received a Carload of

‘Granulated
and Brown

$7.75 and $8,10 -

PHONE OR CALL

T. S. ASWAR'S FRUIT STORE. .

decided to make application to the
in 1 °
het 1. thes om

ty: This

4 ney| they spent 18

ott, of Detroit.

 

  
  
 

the man who

   
  
    
                 
  
 
     

shape of the’

 

 

ud

Sugar

  
 

  
 
   
 
 
  
 
  
 
   

 

 

 

 

    

    
  
     
  
   
 
 

 
 
     
  

  
 
 
 
