Our New Dresses
Are Coming in Now.

depo

Ww

+ They are very pretty and quite.
away from old styles, comprising
those with the bold trimming now
so much in evidence, others with
nice pleated effects.

There are burgundy shades, black,
navy and olive greens and the ma-
terials are largely serges of Fine

Textures.

1

. Prices are
$
;

a

0!
0

o

$14.95, $15.45, $16.75, $16.95

% The above description refers to one particular
lot only. We have of course many other lines

both better and lower.

©

New Blouses and New White-
wear are among the new arrivals

FREER Ll ERE Rk et BR a eS

LIMITED. \
i 9-11-18 Sandwich St. East and 16 Ouellette Ave.

BR AE
| ww
=o
e—

Ee ———
cD
r=
>
=
cc
—]
=o
 ——
=o
Cd
cc
=
See ole

bh
be
+ t
+

WINDSOR.

dob db bb Ab bb db deb bbb bd cb db ddd

Our new designs are coming in and we must make room¢

All our Famous

GREEN BACK PAPERS

Now at Reduced Prices.

Dainty Bedroom Papers, Living Room, Dining
Room and Hall Designs, all at

Saving of 1-3 to -206f +

(
t
4 : ‘
i Now is your chance to paper your house for next to nothing
a Bring the exact sizes of your rooms.
13
[tat re .
~ d : .
? y- !
: onsumer ;
a
. 23 PITT ST. EAST = , WINDSOR
_.u
“Ey 5 i — ,
y
EE CASH COUNTS AT-JOHN GRANT'S
vo iF GOOD JTHINGS TO EAT. HERE THEY ARE:
? 5 ; )
3 a Quaker Cornmeal, per box...... "12¢| Corn Flakes, per box........: . ~ 10¢
4 Tillson's Rolled Oats, per pkg... 30c|Pearl Syrup, bargain, bottle... 25c
Lie by a Robin Hood Oats, per pKg....... 25¢ | Blue Circle Syrup, bargain, can. 25c
i 8 “ «Quaker Oats, per pkg, ........» 25¢c | Pork and Beans, per can.. 10c & 25¢c
(50 1 + Maple Leal Salmon, per can 20c & 30c | Ppaghetti, per can.... '10c, .15¢c, 2bc
H 3 Cardinal Salmon, per .can...... 30c|Caffee, per th.......... 36c, 40c, 46c |
x By vi Clover Leaf Salmon; per can. .,. -30c| Choice of 2 cans Corn or Peds 25¢ |
of Cascade. Salmon, per can....... 15e | 2 CANS. PUMPKIN... oo irs are os ii 30¢’
cll Wellington Saliipn, per can.... 20&|Japan Tea, very best, per fb.
5, iad Crisco, per can. ........ Wor 40a pe re s J, .26c, 30c,: 35¢
pe : Shredded Wheat. ..7.. i. 2 for.25¢c | Salada and Red Rose Tea at old prices

You :KnowsHow Far Your Money Goes Here.

———

The Table Supply House

4 JOHN GRANT Phone 180
iz 4 Amherstburg - Ont

A Wonderful Showing

OF

Men's and Boys’

Sweater Goats

“Warm Pure Wool Sweater Coats or Mixed Wool and=Cotton
: Sweater Coats. :

Men's Pure Wool Coats. .... nm .... $8.60 to $7.00
Men's Mixed Sweater Coats. .... Ep — $1.00 to $3.00
Boys’ Sweater Coats. :..... cen... 81.00 to $3.50

Men's Wool Gloves, Black or Grey. .................15e
Boys’ and Girls’ Hockey Caps, in a great showing of
iy CONOT Ss 0 Satins iss ba sotas = Sielatiiers. te er Ca

A. D. BOWLBY

wich and Ferry. f= Fer TEN Windsor

Big British Anchor Line Passonger

liner, the California, one of the crack Mrs. Willlam Allen has been under
ships of the Anchor line plying be- the weather ‘the past” week, but is
tween New York and Glasgow, has | much better. '
been sunk off the const of Ireland, Misses Leah Bratt and Moy Atkin

the highest order will
ors at reasonable rates. To see the nrglden.< meets again this (Friday)
exhibits in the show. building will be | srternooh at three o'clock. Addresses

GERMAN FRIGHTFULNESS. } Fra ERE VE

BoA 0 BRT
Herschel Bratt bpent over Sunday
Vessel California Torpedoed off | with Percy McCallum,
Coast of Ireland. - Miss Alice Meloche was visiting her
cousin, Miss Marguerite Oeslippe, the
Another trans-Atlantic possenger | past week,

ith loss of life. left Tuesday to attend Sunday school
According to a statement by her | convention at Cottam.

captain, John L. Henderson, the Call- Howard Brush and wife, of Detrolt,
fornin, like the Lusitania, was tor- | spent Sunday avith his parents, Mr.
pedoed without warning. and Mrs, N. V."Brush,

The captain of the ship is quoted as F. G. Brush, Charles Brush and

saying the submarine did not hall or | Fred. Squires have purchased Ford
give any warning befare firing two | cars through W. W. Trimble.
torpedoes from a  distence of 300 The Malden Adult Bible Classes will

yards and sending the California | meet this (Fridoy) evening at the
down. home of Mr. and Mrs. Everett Ong.

The liner carried 31 pasengers and Mrs. Eric Young was called to De-
crew of 184, and there éeems to have | troit Wednesday, owing to the serious

boen 160 survivors, which means a | illness of her father, George Streit.

loss of 56 lives. The California car- Miss Kate Atkin, book-keeper at
ried a large cargo, including war Wilkinson's shoe store, Windsor, is
supplies. She sailed from New York | suffering with an attack of diphtheria

for Glasgow January 28th, in that city.

en ae mete C. O. C. F. basket party. Stoned
music, and Walter Mahon in songs ani

THE CORN SHOW. monologue. Hadley Hall, Amherst

burg Monday night.

Dr. G. C. Creelman, Commissioner | ney Clarenton Brush, of St. Thom-

t Agriculture, will give the official | 4 yy yigiting her brothers, Wilburn

pening address next Wednesday af- | ng Charles Beetham, and with other

ternoon ot Kingsville for the ninth friends and relatives in Malden.
annual Ontario Corn Show. Entries Don't forget Epworth League next

re very large and the Show'promises | pyagday evening, Besides the devot-

to be a great educational event |; nq) exercises, a splendid program,

‘rof. G. F. Christie, the official judge, | jn cjuding a debate, is bein; prepared.

who judged the show In 1915, {8 8) "phe Young People’s Weekly of S.

onvincing practicnl lecturer, and his | Ng. 2, will reopen their meetings

addresses, os on his previous visit, will | Joo Wednesday * evening, February
be largely attended, Prof. C. A. ZnV-| 34). A large attendance is requested.
itz, now known as Dr.  Zavitz, of |" Roy Dr. Graham, Secretary of the
Guelph, 1s again to be a judge snd | pyyeational Fund, will speak ‘in the
lecturer in small grains, “Corn a8 a | najden Methodist church next Sun-
food” will be ably discused by Prof. }4,y afternoon in the interests of the
E. Day; of the Anim:l Husbandry De: | shove fund. .

partment of the 0. A. C. Prof. Day | = Ajhart Plllon is visiting his sfstor,
is a practical stockman, noted teacher Mrs. B, D,. Plant, of Colchester.. Mi.
and pleasing spealcer. “Boards of | pjjjon has not been feeling well for
Agriculture” and “Stending Field | some time’ We hop# the change will
Crop Competitions” are explained by | 45 him good.

Geo, A. Putnnm and J. Lockie Wilson, Notice to the Ratepayers.—All" un-
of Toronto, respectively, who are at paid taxes must be pald on or before
the head of these two institutions, will February 20th, as the roll has to be
prove entertaining and educative. J. | rapurned at'the next council meeting.
L. Dougherty, of the Kent Department | short Boussey, Tax Collector.

of Agriculture, will outline the School P. Hallo & Son are conducting a
Fairs and Vegetable Growing Competi- | 1 ongter 80 days’ sale of everything in

lons fn connection with the junior | {jeir general store. Their advertise.

work of the District Répresentatives. | any on page 11 gives a list of many

Southwestern Ontaric has during | pyrgains which are money savers for

the past few years become aware of every housahold. Read, reflect, buy.
the value of the study-of “Our Feath- A meeting will be held at the town
cred Friends.” W. E. Sanders, of yg, at 2 sharp, next Tuesday: after-
London, one -of America's greetest | oon, to discuss affairs in connection

field students of birds, willespecially |. with the Union Agricultural Soclety.

interest the younger people in his ad-| pirectors of the Socfety will be. pres-
dress and Imitation of Ontario's Song: | ant and -a large, and representative
sters, gathering expected to deal with the

Kingsville people have

risen to the ravfsjon of the prize list, field crop
occasion: and ample ©

omodation of competition, etc.
it the visit- | The Progress Club of S. S. No. 4,

worth the trip alone, Essex County by Hon. President Wm. Maldron and

Bird Lovers’ Association arc arrang- | gey, S. J. T. Fortner. Don't fail to

ing an educative exhibit assisted by |) ear puplls of First Class debate “Re-

Clinrles Caverly, of Aylmer. Come to | gplyed that a girl has more to do and

the first lecture on Wednesday morn: | aay endure more than a boy.” Affirm-

ing at 9.30, when practical demonstra: | ative. Gifford Fortner, Beatrice iLar-
tion work will be conducted by’ Prof. | ymie and Norman Mickle; negative,

Christie and stay until Friday afters | Cecil Delmont, Roy Beaudoin and

Boon. — : klvan Kimball. Also a good program

: oft gongs, recitations and instrumental
COLCHESTER SOUTH. musle, Everybody welcome.

; To build a ‘good wire [fence you
DEATH OF THOMAS D. CLARK, must linye your splicing properly done
Thomas D. Clark, a resident of Col:| to stund the strain required to protect

chester. South for fifty years, dled your stock. To avold the splicing,

vosterdny (Thursday) noon at Oxley. | measure up each streteh of fence and

Mr. Clark, who had been in- falling | BiVe me the number of rods In each

health for a few years, suffered suc. | piece, provideds it's not less than 20

cosalye strokes on Wednesday-and Sat- [rods By so«doing you will have no

urday, Avhich left him in a dying con- [THONEY invested. in remnants,” no trou.
dition, and he slept away. He was of ble in splicing. This should please

Highland Scotell descent, was born in | every buyer of wire fence. Owing to

the Province of Quebec and married special conditions Jn prices changing

there ‘o-Miss Eliza Fletcher, of Cote | On all grades, do not delay Your orders

St: Charles, settling in , Colchéster | 48 I have only a limited amount of

South about 1870. Of a family of ten | 19-bar fence at 63c per rod for cas

children} seven are living—Mgs? Sol. Jat car or baukable notes at 7 pericent

| Malott, Bay City; Mrs, Henry Price, | per annum, Will be in Amherstburg |

Saturday to receive orders for wire
fenec:; O.-,M. Pastorius, 155 Gladstone
‘Windsor, representing Page

of Clarkston, Mich.; Mrs. Adam ller,
of Saginaw, ‘Mich.; Mrs, J. B. Knapp J
and Mrs. WED MoVey, of Colchester | dvenue,
South; Capt. Alexander, of zindiana [ire Fe

Harbor; David, of Roleah, Sask. Mrs. aE
Clark died thred years ago last ‘Sep: ANDERDON.
tember. Mr. Clark was a widely read | w 3

men, of intelligent 3 judgment and Adelore Ouéllette has purchased a
strong opinions, and was very highly: McLaughlin car

respected, The funeral will be held Percy Vollans, of Windsor, spent
Saturday afternoon to Erie cemtery. |-Sunday at his ‘home.

Services ot the residence at 2 o'clogks Frank ind Edmund Bastien had
Another old resident of this town- | sawing bees lust week,

ship passed away on Monddy morning Mrs. Rossmond Coyle is down with

in the -person of Mrs, Edward | an attack of diphtheria.

Bondy, 8r., _in the elghty-third Mrs. Isane Ferriss {8 reported to be

‘vear of lier She suffered alstroke | seriously ill with pneumonia.

of paralysis In July last, and had been D. B. Drouillard, who has been ser-

Foonfined to lied from that time Only | iougly ill with ‘pneumonia, is gaining.

ho ritrong vitality pept Her alive for Charles D. Pbttyplece Is under. the

long months” after the stroke. The | doctor's care, hdving taken ill jpn Fri-
funeral was held on Wednesday rrorn- | doy
ing to the R. C. church, Amherstburg, Mrs. A. Turner has returned home
for requiem mass, and. interment fol- | atfygrsvisiling with friends in Amherst
lowed in the BR. C. cemétery there, the Burk.
pallhearers being Demas and T.-C. Mi, and Mrs. Hugh Latimer.are
Langlois, Joseph, Owen find Dan Bon- | expected home from theif wedding
dy and Charles Lypps® Mrs. Bondy's | trip: this w X
liistory touched the lives of séveral of William G +, son of Hilaihe*Gig®
th v oldest dnd Best known families in | na€, is suffering with, an attack of
South Essex. * She was on daughter of | typhold-pneumaonia.
thie late Theodore Langlois and his Jake and Clement Lucier, of Wind:
wife, Fannie Barron, and Was born’ on | sor, spent Sunday ‘with. relatives in
the river front, Malden. She was the | the neighborhood
oldest and last of the. family She C. 0. C. F. basket “party. Stone's
| was married 61 years ago to Bdward | music, and Walter. Mahon in songs and
Bondy apd they settled on the lake
front. wheres thay: spent their whole
married fe, To them were born
ten children, nine of whom are living
Edward, Loma and Benjamin, on the
homestead; Theodore, of Amherst.
burg; Marin (Mrs. Bert Sellons), of
Leamington; Plerre, Henry and Rosle
(Mrs. Dan Marohtate), of Colchester
South, and Lucy (Mrs, John Maron-
tate), of Malden. Mr, Bondy died. fu
July, 1913... The second. generation of
ploneers of this district are fast being
gathered to their fathers.

ad

burg Monday night.

Hull. Everybody welcome,

en, which he moved from Mr. Bene
tenu's,

Kelly was at the M.C.R. train, Detroit
waiting to take a train to Jackson

Zion.

If the bear came aut on February
2nd, he would be glad to! get back
and stay the allotted time if the
weather don't change.—Miss Helena
| Balkwill and Miss Eva Willan went
over to Wheatley on Sunday last to
attend anniversary services ot Trin-
ity church.—Almeron Geauvreau and
Miss Cora Smith visited over Sunday
with the latter's sister, Miss Hattie
Smith; of Detroit. —The family of J. R.
Balkwill have received word that thelr
son, Gunner Stafford, has gone to the
front.—The family of Wm. Rawson re-
calved word that their son, Private
Robert,” had undergone a successful
operation at the héspital In England.
. The news came through the Red Cross
| Society. This shows the good work
lof. the Red Cross.—Mrs, J. R. Balkwill
and Mrs. Ed Stead attended the Home
Department meeting at the home of
1 Mrs. Ed. Ford, last week.—Quite a lot
| of sickness. Grippe and colds are
quite common at this season of the
year—Mrs. H. L. Hedges is somewhat
{under the weather this week.—Sacra-
mental services were held at Zion
| church on Sunday last, Not a great
many out, the day being so cold.—
Don't forget the oyster supper on Fri
| day night.

the train,

exceeedingly.

both amounted to $10.50.

5 - &

monblogue, Hadley Hall, Amherst

On  Wednesduy evening, February
14th, the Trinity Church Workers will
hold a Valentine tea in the Patrons’

William Dupuis has added to the
appearance <and convenience of his
house by the addition of a meat kitch-

One day last week, when Irving

Mich., where ho {8 employed, he was
frisked by* a light-fingered gent, his
roll being $25 short when he boarded

R. B. Golden suffered a serious loss
by fire early Tuesday morning, when
his residence burned to the ground.
Mr. and Mrs. Golden were awakened
about 5 o'clock by the crackling of fire
in the upstairs. Rushing there he

Mr, and Mrs. John Beaudoin cele-
brated “the twentieth anniversary of
their wedding on Friday evening last.
Owing to the severity of the weather
only a small number of guests were
present, but all enjoyed themselves

Progressive domino parties have
becomé all the rage with the people
here. One was given by Mrs Frank
Thrasher and another by Mrs. James
Ward. Both were largely attended: —_—
First prize for ladies at the former | BSSEX—
was won by Mra, Lester Vollans; gen-
tlemen's prize by John Bdgar, Jr.;
booby prize by Lloyd Beaudoin. At|morning, gutted that place ang
the Intter, Miss Agnes Bdgar and
Frank Bailey won first prizes, and Dan
Green the booby prize. Proceeds from

found. the partition ablaze, near the
chimney, and beyond control. A hasty
telephone alarm brought several neigh-
bors but only an amall Wout ‘of

i Me building

Mr. Golden arose

very ¢
extra blaze ot I }
a defect aliwed some sparks lo got |
through. Dhe loss will be quite heavy
as there was only $600 Insurance on
the buildiug ond $300 on the
contents In the Farmers’ Mutual. For
the present Mr. and Mrs. Golden are
living at his bothers, A. J. Golden's,
and {8 already laying plans for the
erection of a new home.

The whole numunity was shocked
on Thursday to hear of the sad deat
of Mrs, Denis B. Droulllard, one 5
the oldest residents of this township.
She had been ill but © week with
pneumonia, ff0m which she had
rallied until ‘late Thursday evening,
when she took a sudden turn for the
worse and passed away. Mrs. Droull-
lard would have been 76 years old this
coming March, Her maiden namo wis
Rose Meloche, daughter of the late
Thomas Meloche, of Sandwich West.

ters—Mrs, Boismier, Mrs. Gerard,
Mrs, Torongeau, Thomns, George and
Magloire, all deceased; surviving are
Mrs, Joseph Beneteau and Mrs. John
Dufour, both residing in Anderdon.
The subject of this sketch was mar
ried to My. Drouillard on November
12th, 1861. Eight children were born
to them—Denis, Jacob, Mrs, Denis
Bastien, of Anderdon; Mrs. Armand
Cloutier, of Windsor. and Lucy, at
home. Sebra died in infancy; Alice
and Delphine were unfortunately
burned to death in a fire which de-
stroyed their home about thirty-seven
years ago. Besides her aged husband
and children, she leaves to mourn her
loss thirteen grandchildren and three
great grandsons. Mrs. Droulllard was
of an amiable disposition and made
friends with whomeyer she came in
contact. In her loss the community
loses a kind neighbor, the husband a
devoted wife, and the children an af-
tectionate mother. Her death was a
double affliction, as Mr. Droulllard
lay at the point of death in an adjoin:
{ng room and was unable to see his
spouse, with whom he had spent fitty- |
five years of wedded bliss, The fun-|
eral took place at the R. C. church, |
Lolsélleville, Saturday morning. The |
pallbearers were Leon Droaillard,
Wallace Droulllard, Albert: Beneteau,
Dolphis Beneteau, Francis Dufour and
Francis Torongenu. The family have
the sympathy of their many friends in
their sad bereavement.
Mrs. George Harmon, river front,
passed away Thursday evéning last
in the 79th year of her age. She had
been ill for over a year wtth allments
incident to advanced years. The fun-
eral took place Saturday to the R. C.
church, Amherstburg, for services and
buriul was in Rose Hill cemetery, the
pallbearers -being Walter Papst, Al
bert Fox, Sherman Cornwall, Richard
Boussey, Henry Maguire and Noah
Bezaire. Mrs. Harmon's maiden name
was Louise Droufllard, and she was a
daughter of the late Louis Drouillard,
of Sandwich West, She was first mar:
ried to the Inte Robert Tennant, who
died in Toledo, They had a family
of two, James, who now resides in
the Northwest, and Belle, an invalid at
home. After Mr. Tennant’s death she
went to live at Wheatley, where his
people originally came from. There
forty-si x years ago she was married to
MregHmrmon and remained lm that
vicinity for three years, when they
moved! to the river front, Anderdon,
whicly lias been their family home for
the pmst 42 years. To them were born
four children—William, of Cleveland;
Maurice, deceased; Eva and Frank, at
howne. There is also a hall sister,
| dnughter of Mr. Harmon's first wife,
Mrs. Cauthmache, of Standish, Mielf.,
and two brothers and an sister; Noal |
Drouillard and Joseph Droulllard, of
Toledo, and Mrs. Pare, of Toledo.
Mrs. A. C. Mallloux, who has been
i” for two years tnd a half with
{ spinal trouble, passed awey at the
family home, river * front, Sunday
morning, Mrs. Mailloux's | illness
dated from the time she and -her sis-
fer, the late Mrs. Everett Sunderland,

|

wore struck by a street car in Detroit, | ESSE

It, will be remembered that Mrs, Sun
derland "died from her Injuries, but
Mrs, Mailloux recovered for.a time and
later spinal trouble developed. The de-
censed’s) maiden name was Anna |
Whalen, and she was a daughter of the
ate Bernard Whalen,’ of Anderdon, and |}
was born fn 1863.. Of the family the
following. are ‘living: William, of
Malden; Maggie (Mrs. Louis. -Bert-
rand), of Detroit, and Charles B., War-

den Essex county. Mr. and Mrs. Mail |]

loux were married 27 years ago, and
had a family of five; “all living:—
Amelia (Mrs. Walter Coyle), of "An-
derdon; Lillian (Mrs. Carl Long-
Well) and Charles? Detroit; Irene
and Hazel, at home with their father.
The funeral was heid Tuesday morn-
Ing to the R. C. church, Amherstburg,
for requiem mass, wnd Interment was
in thy R. C, cemetery, the pallbearers
being Charles Kelly, Delore Ouellotte,
Bdward Lyons, W. P. Coyle, Andrew. |
Darragh and Thomes Mahon. ' Friends |
from far and near unite in extending |
sympathy to the bereaved families,

Loisellevile. .

The funeral of Mra, Denis P. Droull-
lard took place on Saturday to the R, |
C. churoh, Loiselleville. Rev. Father
Emery officiated. — Burial was im .the
parfsh cemetery.—The bangs of Ru. |
dolph Dufour and Miss Dumaix, of |
Windsor, were announced for the first |
tUme. in the R. C. church on Sunday. |
The marriage will take place within |
a fortnight. John Odette and Miss |
Corinne Cote will be mafried next
week.—Fr. Pitre, of Stoney Point, and
Fr. Parent, of Tilbury, were the guests
of Fr. Lolselle Tuesday night,—The

been well patronized from the start
In spite'of the very cold weather. On
Sundny and Monday nights a music |
program was given Tree. ren y

night Sho hall was crowded) |
8iX tables played cards and te |
tables could have been flea hag

prizes were given, six for th p
and six for the men. Fhoredey nd
noon was children’s afternoon, with
special attractions for the little ones
Thursday night and Saturday night
two more card parties; nothing spared
to make the evenings enjoynblo, Re.
froshments of all kinda, fruit, |}

coffee and lunch ssrved all the time.
Hos Sunday alght the nuto and parlor

vill be drawn, rybod
organ Everybody wel.

TOWN OF ESSEX.

Fire, which brols out in Kenifeck'
grocery just after midnight, Tuonday

Loucks’ bakery aljoining bef;

firemen succeeded in subduing. bd

ames Te blaze ‘wi d|
: 'weedale whn bh

turning from Windsor on iil

might train, ond his | alg;

4

destructive fire would haw Tfesulted

She vat Oe aan ds All Sweater Coats

J.W.Peddie &Son|

bazaar at St. Joseph's church his h

there been room. Twelve valuable ||

iscovered by |.

aroused tho town or a eth ol falr chance of resovering. He was

ear out all damaged goods and also
k before Inventory this month.
price cutting method. Take

We want to cl
reduce our whole stoe
We are doing it by the
advantage of It.

————————————————————

It seems absurd to cut prices on Wool Sweater Coats,
at which we are ordering them for
hich should have come

We don’t want to carry

in view of. the prices
next winter—butca shipment: Ww
in last October has just arrived.

them over to next winter—hence,

All Sweater Coats—For Everyone—1j Oil.

Children’s Knit Wool Caps

oned above were many
Toques and Wool Head-
uy them—you will save

With the Wool Coats nienti
dozen of different styles of Caps,
wear. There are staple lines—b
almost half of next Fall's price.

Knit Caps and Mufflers—Big Bargains.

Winter Millinery

We suffered damage in our millinery, but think of
these prices:

Any damaged trimmed hat at either. .. .. wero. 49e or 98¢
and also 2
Any other trimmed hat for. ........ooveaaeeen .. $1.98
Linens on Sale
*Mill Ends, slightly damaged............. 39¢ yard and up
Perfect Stock Bleached Tablings. he. -- 35¢ yard and up
Unbleached Tablings......... oo. .35¢, 39¢, ete, to $1.49
Towellings, special. ...... A 715 yds. for $1.00
Cotton Batting Sale
Our advice is: Make your next. winter's comforters :

and quilts now. We have a big stock of Batts from 10c«
up. They are rétailing less than present wholesale prices.

and Remember Too

Our 19¢ a pair Heavy Hosiery for all ages. : Ta
House Dress and Kimono Sale........ Ss a gg 14 ON
Men’s Furnishings . seven. ovoes mn aot 14 oR
Children’s Wash Dresses. ..... NC 1410 16 ON

PICTORIAL, REVIEW PATTERNS

23.95 SANDWICH ST. EAST. PHONE 496
WINDSOR. -

USE CEMENT TILE

4 The efficiency of tile drainage” depends upon the nature of the tile
used. “Practical tests have proven Cement Tile is br far the most
efficient and geonomical, ’ y

For’ ont thing, Cement Tile is frost and -weatherproof.. Another
point is the Cement Tile will actually get better with age. A third
reason is that Cement Tile'fs always uniform In shape and thick-

pos of walls. Yet—Cement Tile is as cheap, or cheaper, than, clay
tile.

Careful Drainage means Better Crops

and increased value tothe land. Drafned land can be worked earlier:

and easier, and produces more. Drainage “is the best
you can make. # Hrauan

“&

I am now handling

Rogers’ Portland Cement
For Sale.”

Concrete Blocks, Concrete Sidewalk, Concrete Floors,
Concrete Porches, Concrete Brick, Concrete
Foundations, Concrete Fence Posts, Etc.

Manufacturer of Cement Drain Tile. Amherstburg.
Factory and yards, Seymore St. Phone 193

Anything made of coment, we make it. V 3
plant every day. Please call and look re TunviSgiat i

WINDSOR.

LEAMINGTON.
Boasting that he had fnvented a

a —

“AS a result of slipping beneath a |,

Grand “Trunk freight tain while | PO¥der that If used in bombs would .
x il :

Coupling cars in the yards, Monday EE Unch hit Aran =
night, Noble Rittenhouse, boarding at wa Spud. 57, of no. 1 utd : v
i Union hotel, Sandwich street ensty | os urreated in Leamington ¥

morning and taken to, Win
quarters by Chief Con
marsh, of this town, for sf
and invertigation. The

a fortune would be m
the big nations got t

received Injuries “which nee

the amputation of his right gore
above the ankle. Rittenhouse, who 1s
4 brakesman, was Working as a spare
Switchman to help out on the lubor

shortage, The cars were cov

we andes slipped ods pe oii) rad ver

ne, of thu rear trucks going | jusp erlisper fe

4 A. right log. At THotel THs, (night. Topped ney. ta

Triore he was taken, it was learned! i AY kinds of
Oy morning that the man had 5 ded Xenlation,

formerly of Jucks is
been in Windsor Bi ont oe ttn

two months,

