     

Fs

  

Rugs, Carpets, Linoleums

   

 

Our Wall Papers for 1917-ave still'at the front and. cannot be beaten for
© artistic value. 3 1

 

 

STILL SELLING AT LESS THAN MANUFACTURERS’ COST TO-DAY

x

 

Window Draperies

If you need New Curtains for the kitchen, for the bedroom, fer the
!
Ll

 

: 38
The distinguishing features of our new stock may be summed up as follows:

Superior Materials :
_ Expert Workmanship

and the Prices less than what is usually asked for goods of similar quality,

‘Design of Merit
Individuality of Colorings

living room, on any other room of the home, see our special offerings in

Cheese Materials.

 

Trade 40c
Cash 39c

 

    
 
 

Bo a A a A 4

  
  
 
 
 
  

Bh la a od
Mrs. Ray Mitehell, of Ottawn, has

been a guest at Carl Mitchell's.

Do you require Page Wire fence? I

to select from; (ngluding works by the
most popular writers or fietion, and 8

full Woe of
Nicholas Carter's Detective Stories

Harrow. "

 

 
 
  
   

  

just closed. :
Photographs.—Now Is the time to

telephone for appointments. Ww. Di
McVey, Oxley Beach,

Those pupils who are going up for
Entrance will write on the first part
Friday and Saturday of this week. Mr.

  

repudiation of this agreement by tak-
ing off these trains was a most bare-
faced’ nnd reprehensible act, and the
company hasn't deserved the consid
eration they have received at

   
  

ter at Dubuque.

 

 

 
  

 

 
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
     
      
    
    
    
   
  

 
  

   
 

£3 ¥ the
: ; Johnston has a class of ‘eleven, and , Leamington, go/ng to the United
JA 3 i . 1 . \ikel council's hands. : }
ely there are some medal” winners — ea States to engage In the’ ministry. ~
That's what everyone 1S looking. for among them is usual. tori x dds pbb db iin pA 44 | Loter he settled oo 2 fay 3 Clay FROM »
. 3 o 8 2 Sprinkling.—Tenders for this work I + | ton, Mich, which he left-to his chil- ; k
especially when prices are SO high. will be yotelVed xy ue Jdsreigned I COLCHESTER SOUTH x rea: He was Sonstatly in demand E. F. DARBY, HARROW. . ;
to Sat , Ma; th, at 8 p.m. fo f || wi ings, his genial| ~ ee
up to Saturday y deol b dr db bd | TOF unerals ‘and weddings, his g nip) DRUGGIST OPTICIAN STATION,

  

The lowest or any tender not neces:

1. H. Madill, Village Mr: and Mrs. Forest Sellars, of Mal-

den, spent Sunday with relatives here.

Willlam Quick, of Gesto, spent
Tuesday at Thomas Herniman's, Oak
Ridge. .
| Edwin Lockwood, who has been very
poorly. for.a long time, continues about
the same.

Joseph Bondy’ little son had
one of hia fiugers broken by the kick
of a horse. “===
. C. Richardson & Son announce thelr
binder twine prices in this issue. See

their ndvt. -

Mrs, William Snider, of Harrow,
visited a féw days last week with rel-
atives at Oxley.

Mrs, John Watters and son Kllen
and Miss Mary Ann Waters spent the
week-end Tn the city.

Have you seen the new Maltese
Cross 4utoraobile casing C.* Richard-
gon & Son are sclling at fitecn dol-
Ties,

Edward Bratt has greatly improved
the appearance of his farm by adding
a fine lawn fence along the front:

C. Cullen, of Leamington, has erect-
ed in Erie cemetery o_ beautiful com-
bination cap monument to the mem-
ory, of the late George C.. McLean.

While John Fox was driving down
the Inne Wednesday of last week, his
team became frightened and broke
away from:him: Fortunately they were
caught before much damage was done.

Now {s the time to seture.a bargain

in millinery. - All tFimmed shapes re
duced at Miss Hughson's. In ‘this lot
you will find just: what you want for
your midsummer fiat. Leghorns; Pan-
amas, Taigels and’ Milan Hemps in
both black and white.
The council is erecting large. signs
at the approaches’ to Cedar Creek
bridge on bothysides to warn drivers
that the bridge around ‘the one being
newly erected is only temporary, and
drivers cross at thelr own risk. This
will relleve the township’ from suits
for damages which might occur If
autos or other vehicles were injured
in making the passage.

The drama, which was to be given
fn" Oxley Methodist ® church Monday
night, was postponed until next Mon-
day evening, owing 1R the lise of
Rov. E. S. Clifton, B. Au, and Mg} some ot those who to have taken
Glitton were farewelled at the Baptist port!” There is a splendid orchestra
chiirch on Tuesday night by ‘mem! rs {in connection with this’ company of

aro Indies. All who are interested in as-

and adhorents of that chute ME |sjsting the Red Cross will be cordially

 
 

We have endeavored to give you the
best value in the past and this year|
is no exception. Our facilities for
buying Binder Twine after over 20
years of handling twine allows us to
pass these especially attractive pri-
ces on to you FOR CASH.

Plymouth Special 16ic Ib.

i” 500 Feet

Plymonti Silver Sheaf 17 2 1b.
| Plymouth Gold Medal = 18 Ib.
| _ Allorders that have been placed
1. with us will be protected at the

sarily accepted.

Clerk. !
The Harrow Potato Girls’ club

planted the greater portion of their
plot before tie rain and look forward
o that portion at least of their land
producing a good. crop. Everyone
ig Interested in this experiment.

Services in the Methodist - church
Sunday next as follows: 10 a.m., Sun-
dny school and Bible classes; 11 a.m.
public worship, subject, “Tdeal Liv-
ng’; 7.20 p.m., subject, “Ideal” Dying."
Dr, Husger will preach. A cordial
welcome to all :

Now, {8 the time to secure & bargain
in millinery. +All trimmed shapes re-
duced at Miss Hughson's, In this lot
you will find just what you want for
your midsummer hat. Leghorns, Pan-
amas, Taigels and Milan Hemps in
both black and white.

In the Windsor District.of the Meth-
odist church 1287 members: were add-
od to the church on profession of
faith diring ‘the year. Deducting
those who died, removed from the
district, ‘there was a net:gain of 1,047.
Over $100,000: were raised for all pur-
poses. 1 i "i
The $161 hog soon runs into big
money. During the past month G.
Arner & Sons shipped ‘one batch of
51, which brought them $1,668, and
encther lot of 28, bringing .$725, or
neirly $2,400 worth, “ing the past 30
days. This is going some even for
Harrow, where hog records are being
broken all the time.

The question of a half holiday dur-
ing June, July and. August has been
under discussion for some time, and
it looked. as if this would be dispensed’
with, but the merchants are now get-
ting together and expect to make aj
mutual Agreement to -cloge = every
Thursday afternoon during the sum-
mér months, beginning in June.

Owing to illness of two of (ts mem-
bers, the musical entertainment, “The
New Minister,” to have been given
at Oxley Monddy night, has been post-
poned. til next Monday night; the
asth. Don't miss this, as” it will be
the greatest treat-of the season. Pro-
ceeds in ald of the Red Cross work,

Come early and get a. peat.

   
  
 
  
 

   
  

      

    
      
    
    
   
    
  

 

        
      
    
    
  
  
    

        
      
    
    
  

   
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
   
 
   
  
 
 
   
  
     
  
   
  
    
   
 
 
   
    
   
  
  
   
  
    
  
   
   
 
 
  
   
     
  
  
  
    
  
  
   
 
 
  

    
      
    

Mr; and Mrs. Jacob

 
   
     
  

  
  
      
    
     

   

    
    
   
 

    
    
    
     

  

Howie.

    
    
   
  
    
   
   
    
     
    
   
    
   
  
    
   
   
  

      
   
    
  
    
   
     
    
   
    
    
  

above prices. : :

We also have a limited "quantity we will
also sell at these prices to those who have not
already favored us with their orders.

©. RICHARDSON & SON

young ladies:

   
   
  
    
   
    
   
  
  
   

Mickle.

 

   
   

GENERAL HARDWARE.

HARROW.

   
   
   

    
  
  
  
 

          
        
   
     
  

people are held in this

    

Driving Harness !

As o vehicle of pleasure X Su

tions.
, Zion.

Single

    
  
 
  
 

  

 
  
 
  

     
  
    

struck one. of" the ‘barns at C.
b's farm in Marshfield, doing lit-
tle damage to the building, but injur-
ing a valuable horse: to guch an ex-
tent that it had to he destroyed. It
was covered by ani fnsurance,
The anniversary of Colchester Bap-
tist: church® will be held on ‘Sunday,
Moy 27th. Rev. Mr. Forsyth, pastor
of the Walkerville Baptist church,

‘who was a very efficient assistant at

       
   
   
    
  

   

The auto ia fast and fleet, = oil ’ { r 1 i ;
for a vehicle of courtship we f an address given by Rev. Mn Efing- welcomed. ; The wet welither of the first park] :
od top buggy can't be beat. he on, after wiifch: Mr. Clifton was pre- Co very bg Horm, Livi TAR of’ the week will stop ‘work on the ’ : : Ta
a L oy yk 34 Ponted with a mantle clock and Mrs. distric ey; night. SLight- | qalds, but will set the pastures and |* AY 8 ; @ .
; The best way to get a ggod single harness vight now Is "| Clifton with an appropriate gitt from ning was- sharp and thunder pealed | yondows going.—Miss Mildred Bulk-| 8° ® Ban : y A
; y A the Ladies’ Union, which the recip- fncessantly. During the storm Bghtning will Is {improving somowhat slowly. ; CE 3 - HAR RO w.

ne jusg'
. grdet pues i fonts acknowledged in a Atting man-

: Want it and have i€ made, out of
“i GENUINE 0 TANNED. LEATHER, There is no ‘better: * .
quality and the price will also suit. ~ . di pos. Safe. and Via Slition ars. leav,
ROYAL PURPLE and PRATT'S GOODS | The following from a Sarnia cor-

i ; respondent will be of interest at this
i Pd B i HARROW tima:—*“Following the receipts of
. 3 Lam

LIN ian, ONTARIOIIRN, Soil oun Fe

¥

A few select RAIN COATS.

  
  

church on Sunday

 
      

the streets of the city after 9 o'clock,

re arid has Leen Juavied 1 at Hho purioy
~ | by-law will be hereafter stricl en

forced, and that all childrenginder age) the recent Hanley-Fisher revival ser-

| must be off ‘the streats, unlégs accom: |. 2°% in Windsor, will lave cliargo in

| panied “by a tan. The . police, the morning at 11 o'clock and in the

have previo ; lovening at 7.30 o'clock.” All are cor

th ; d invited to Come an

th { A thank offering

ped

    
   

   
 

3 here.—;
d “enjoy. ®|wilan spont
taken |g, I, Hedges.—

 
 
 
 
  

ber of brather

ferent lodges of the county.
Yoo | 2 good time, —Miss Flossie

was somewhat un

THE EOHO 1S THE OFFICIAL PAPER OF THE TOWNSHIP OF OOLOHESTER SOUTH.

Sunday visitors at Thomas Herni-
d Mrs, Jason Snid-

Ed _~HARROW. I A LARGE STOCK OF, [os were Mr. an
. : iy 7 : er, Mr. and Mrs, James Hernlman and
Paper Covered Books | son and Mr, and Mrs. Wm. Snider, of

On the 5th inst. Rev. Henry J. ller
passed away at the home of his daugh-

keep it in stock. O. DM. Pastorius. 10c, 15¢ + 20c. ter, Mrs. Harry L. Skemp, in Dubuque,
The Harrow and Oxley Methodist s lowa, from a severe attack’ of gas-
churches . contributed $3,302 for all THE SENTINEL STORE ||tritis. It he had jived until Augtist he
purposes ‘during the financial year |\ geyy sLock wannow J | Would have been 80 years of age. De-
censed hod been making lis home with

= | his daughter, Mrs. J. BE. Condnt, at

Granville, Ohfo, for some years, and
gome time ago went to visit his daugh-
In ‘the sixties and
seventies Mr. Iler was in the mercan-
tile business in. Kingsville and at

‘kindly face giving him hearty wel
come wherever he went. ‘In 1885 Mrs]
Iler passed away, and five years later
Mr. _ller married Mary Rowley of
Clayton, Mich., who predeceased Rim
four years, The remains were
to Jackson, Mich., for interment.
Iler was born In Arner August 27th,
1837, and is survived by four chil
dren: Etta, wife of Dr. J. E. Conant,
‘Granville, Ohlo; Grace, Mrs, Harry L.
Skemp, of Dubuque, Iowa; Hardy H.
Iler, of Chicago, and Evalyn MM, Iler,
of Minneapolis, Minn.; also by two
brothers, Peter and Alanson, and five
slsters, Mrs. Timothy Shay,
Henry Julian, Mrs, Frank Fox, Mrs.
Harry: Bassett and Mra. Robt. Fair.
A marriage thatshas been expected
along the lake front for some time
was consummated Wednesday after-
noon at 2.30 o'clock, at the home of
McLean, when
thelr youngeat daughter, Miss Faye
McLean, became the bride of Allan J,
youngest son of Mr. and Mrs. James
Howie. Rev.’ Dr. Husser, pastor of
Harrow Methodist church, officiated.
Unattended the young couple
their places beneath an evergreen arch
from which was suspended a beautiful
floral bell, to the strains off the wed-
ding march played by Miss Agnes
The ceremony was witnessed
by some seventy-five guests, relatives
and friends of the immediate families.
The bride looked exceedingly sweet
gowned in white allk”crepe de chine,
with pearl trimmings and point lace.
She carried a ,béautiful bouquet of
white roses and valley lilies. The din-
{ng room was appropriately’ decorated
with tulips, white hyacinths and ferns.
After congratulations were showered
upon Mr. Howie and bride, a buffet
lunch was served by the
Misses Anna
Nellie Ferriss, Loraine Klie and Helena
Later in the afterncoh Mr.
and ‘Mrs. ‘Howle left by motor for
Windsor and other places to spend a
week's honeymoon, the 'bride-travel-
ling in a going away suit of tan shade
with hat to match. Among the guests
were Mr. and. Mrs, Gordon Fox, ‘of
‘Kingsville, and Mr. and Mrs. Arthur
Curtis, of Merlin. The benutiful pres.
ents of which they were the reciplents
testify the estedm in which the young
community.
The Becho extends hearty congratuli-

     
   
   
   
   
   
  
    

     
 
 

Dr. Cassidy, of Detroit, was over and
held a consultation with Dr. McKen- f=
zie, the attending physiclan.—Rev. G, |ig
A. King, of Kingsville, preached two
very impressive. sermons at
y last.—The enter.
taifment held In the church on Mon-
day evening was not largely attended
on account of the bad condition of the ‘a | A 3
ronds and the threatening weathor.—\@ . ¢. : Bs 3 ji ot
The 'W. M. S. auxiliary of Zion church [|= ; y s : : a
met at the home of Mra, J. R. Balk-
will on Thursday Inst. —Miss Nora
Fulmer spent Sunday at. her home
Gesuvrean and Miss Eva
Sunday at the home .ofH
‘Bd; Stend motored to
‘Amherstburg, taking with him a num-|
bre Oddfellcys, on Thurs:
day ayaiing of Jap: res. hae am, 5 ;
agree work was 'ba n & (I Sov ph Te

« was ‘being put ol repo J Se : i. and" inside wi!

NEWEST
In Summer

 
  
   
 
     
  
 
 
     
 
         
        
 
    
   
  
   
      
  
     
  
       
     

 

Barly shopping will secure choice things in the Millinery Section.
New midsummer styles in White Milan and Black Linen with Crep

and Maline over brims. Beautifully trimmed with ribbons.and'
ornaments. Ti .

. TAKE A LOOK IN OUR WINDOW,
THEN TAKE A LOOK INSIDE THE STORE.

 

 

     
 

Feeding Sugar Beet
: or
Sugar Mai

gel

 

Sweet Corns—
Stowell’s Evergreen and :
Early Minneso

SWF Get your Seed Now

  
  
   
  
 
  

NOTARY PUBL|C

Canned Fruit Exhausted ! vo
What Can I Get for Sauce
Mary housewives areiat this period wondering what to substitute for Fruit
of their own preserving, - A FEW SUGGESTIONS: =
Strawberries, Cherries and Raspberries in
Orange Marmalad
kin, Rais
Iueberries,

 

 

  
   
      
       
    
    
  
   
    

 
   
      

en
Mn

 

 

         
  

     
 

 

Plums,
Jams in glasses and tins,
Dried Peaches and “Prunes, Pum
Canned Apples,” Mince Meat,
: . Excellent for Pies.
A full line of Vegetables and Foreign Fru

 —

“Home of Good Eats,” W.S

f. H. FERRI "Harrow Phone
CREAM SEPARATOI

You cannot go wrong by buying a DeLaval,
pia Melotte, or Lilly. See them at our Garage.
aw McCormick Farm Implements are best. Ad

. Let us demonstrate Overland. Car, Model

90—32 horse power. FE

  
 
      
    
     

 

 

 

  
     

Mrs.

    

 
   
   
   

 
   
 
  
 

    
  
  
 
  
  
   
    

 
 

 

took

     
     
  

  
 
   
 
   
  
  
  
     
   

 

Fh

Macdonald &
ecial Sugar Prices.

Sp

[For Saturday, May 26th,

Redpath’s Granulated $8.85 per ct

Brown Sugar %- - $8.25 “|
epi One, Day Only. EE
——Full Line Fresh Groceries: :

     
  
    
  
   
   
 
 
 
   
  
          
    

following
Craig,

  
 
  

  
   
    

    
   
     
       
 

 
          
  

     
   
    
          
   

Zion

   
     
 
 

  
 
   
    

     
   
    

.... House cleaning time 1s at hand. Why not br
the home outside with : a 3

Marin Stnou 100 Pot

 

   

 

f Windsor -

 

the Neath t or
righ Asin
