Tre Ecuo
: Published by
THE ECHO PRINTING CO., Limited
- Amherstburg," Ont.

J. A. AULD, A W. MARSH,
PRESIDENT. Sec’y Tazas

Friday, Augast 20, 1917.

Acknowledgement that Re had given
$20,600 received by him from the Nova
Scotia Construction Company to the
Central Conservative financial commit-
tee was made by W. B. Tennant, a St
John broker. to the royal commission
Inquiring into the affairs of the Valley

Railway Company.

The crop sitmatidn in Saskatchewan
has improved materially in the last
ten days, and no wthe indications are
that there will. be a much better yield
than was considered probable on Aung-
ust 1st. Recent rains and cooler

. weather have wroagbt quite a change
—e

The Australicn Homse of Represent
atives has passed the =econd readin
of the War Time Pr Tax A #z
ment Bill. The w
cent for toe
1916, and seventy:
wards, and will be levi
profits made after June 26¢
compared with pre-war profits

 

Trading In ®5

will cease gn all

Canzia on Augus
dered by the board of graln supervis-
eir official order

change Friday mo

weeks past October p
future option. in which any bus
has been done there, and trapsa
have been (0f comparatively
volume.

Dr. Michael
berta, one af
in Canadian political lif
not to be a cand!
eral election. . ‘He has go written |
mith. chairman of the
J-Liberal Aszociation

“Liberal par
does not gee
he can rur

amount t

are ens

ording 0 a

of the Borden Gov-
umerous petitions are
Ortawa, asking Premier
28 long as possible,
Ontario Govern-

ite roptine busj-

People of! Ontario, members of the
Comseryative party beleving that
Ontario remains “= for them it
would st an examp 1
the Dominion at a fede

which is’planned for later { the
__11 Conservative party !s preparing for
© the federal campaign 1s shown by tke
fact that Snrgeon<Coionel. H. R. Cas-
grain, of Windsar, nd Dr Ww. IL
Brien. of Essex are returning from
England. Both are prospectiy
didates for North

As a 3

as mu in it &s dny ot

Orders in coun
providing for-the jon of vot-
ers’ lists in the organized districts
of Outurio ond for the allocdtion of
theslists in Manitabo by the court of

J Judges to their proper federal polling
divisions. This work, which has not
been done for five vears past. is neces-
sary prelimidary to a general elec-
ton. Ordinarily it takes three months
to organize th s fn the unorganized
districts of Ontario and to have them
printed: On a rush order this can be
done in two months, but indications
are that the Government intends to
take the whole three months for the
work. This means. that the election
will not, in any event, take place untli
November. There are those Who pre-
dict that he Government will’ not go
“to the country until December or pos-
sibly not until éven later, although par-
lament expires by the affluxion of
time on October 7th next. As far as
can be learned. the Government has
not yet definitely decided the approx-
imate date of the election, but the
chances are that the apeal (0 the coun-
try, will be made late in November,

& been passed

“HAD ALMOST GIVEN UP.”
{ .—‘“ About. 27 years ago 1

gad taken very Jd, my Joi 100, was
X shape. Bot eo to to
bd and | waa there for aver thre body

could not eat and suffered untold agony.

. X
+ 4 | Thad three of the best doctors I conld get

hbut it just seemed nothing was going ta

Er wll A
t never be an ter

willing to give up and pf than

A nes

of sack!

MENUS REGULATED $
BY CABINET EDICT
Order in Council Respecting Restaur-
ants is Published in Special
tssue of Canadian Garette.

An extra “issue of the Canada
Gazette bringing into effect the order
in Councill regulating eating places
was pablished last week

The order in council, published at
the request of the Food Controller,
prohibils the serving of beef and
bacon on Tuesdays and Fridays, and
at more than one meal on any other
day. Substitutes, such as corn bread,
cat cakes, potatoes, etc. must be pro-
vided at every meal at which white
bread is served. The use of wheat in

afactare of
alcohol is prohfbited. except for manu-
facturing or munitions purposes, and
then only after obtaining a license
from the Food Controller.

Heavy penalties are provided for
violation of the reguizijons. Pro
prietors, managers and employers of
public eating places are lable upon
summary conviction for the first of-
fe to a penalty no! exceeding one
hundred dollars and not less than
twenty-five dollars and for each sub

“QL = 10 2 penalty not ex-

5 five hundred dollars and not
less than one hundred dollars, or to
mprisonment for any term no! ex-

. et months, or to both the

of the
or dis-
ol js

10

T AND WHISKEY.

x of feebleness.
ade out of wn
éxtent as to «

a witless jest an
dreary farce nt of $8,007,019
ain used in 1917, only 27.7
t. Here ure the figures:
it 7.969.263
69,447.457
10.4C0,.8T7
121.531

but penny

i of bread to this intolerable deal
Three thousand pounds of
n wasted and one pound saved!
t } pounds used
is not tauched

»rn_bread is recommended by the
controller as a substhute for wheat
Sixty-nine million ‘pomnds of corn are
made into 2loghol tor beverzges—fifty
pounds for every family in Canada.

As td the other part of the food con-
trollers’s doty— control of prices—
nothing. is Being done but investigat-
ing and writing reports and appointing
commissions to investigate the re-
ports. Thiift and production are the
topics of many eloquent sermons. The
Government preaches, but does not
practice.—Toronto Star.

In this connection, ‘Miss * Rankin,
member of the [5 Congress, aptly re-
marks: “The me *r8 of the country
should he-assured that he in which
they save will not be made into -also-
hole. drinks, but into bread for the
hungry shildremn beyond the seas The
food problem will grow beyond ithe
rake of the family cook-atove and kitch.
en cabinet.”

ag ——— ~
CANNED PEAS, $300. PER TON.

“For several weeks past the peaple of

Kuests at the Essex House, Dougall

H. Beatty, proprietor of the

Svemme apd Sandwich street west, |Tgest Side botel, on Pelee Island, ap-

. Sed im their mh ar
€arly Monday morning wi a
barn at the rear of the hotel was de
Stroyed by fire. The dzmrge is es
timated at $509.

Gerald Green, negro. residing in
Windsor, was fined $25450 in the
police court for William E3-
lis, also of ‘Windsor. N appears that
Ellis accosted three giris in the com-
pany of Green and that Greea took
offense, and in the quarrel, Green
knifed Ellis twice in the back The
Sne included the dzctor's bills

After Pete Draft and Alexander
Sclensky, of 187 Marion avempe, were
fined Monday morning in Windsor po-
‘lice coart. exhibits A and B, which
consisted of two quarts of whiskey.
mysteriously disappesred. For some
time it was feared the ligmor had fared
the same fate as the spirits that “Jeak-
#4” from the bafléer room last year.
Chief of Police Wills, however. “came

Across” iL after everyome fn the court!

Tom. including officers. had their
Pixckets and clothing searched. The
Chief refused 10 tell where the whis-
key was located. Dralt and Salensky
were fned $50 and costs each.
~~ es
WHEATLEY.
Mrs. Al Loag was taken to a pri-
vate ital in Detroit on Friday Lust
and operated on for ithe removal of
a bony growth nose. The
o Aon Was ST ul and she was
€ Yo return 5 her home Wednes-
7 cvening
The Derbyshire families held a mos
succeasfyl pi ut Seacliff Park o
Tuesday of

a x
Erneat

4s knit
of socks this year for
¢ front

MeDonald® of Erde, Pa,
her cousing. the Misses Jer
$s McDonald rning from
a 1wo ks' stay the International
Sunday ) School Conference held at

Lake Geneva, Chicago
Harry Jerry has purchased an inter
est 4n the Comber g mill from the
owner, D. Olmstead, and has entered
into partners ith hi Mr. Jerry
hag commenced duties in ‘Comber,
and, will move family to that vill-

age shortly

Mrs. "Hugh McDonald left on Wed-
nexday with Mr, and Mrs. Lawson, of
Detroit, on asmotor trip to Strathroy
and other places est. Mr. MeDonald
left on Friday to join them at Strath-
roy. The party will spemd a few days
visiting differknt places in the east.

Dr. Rogers received a cable on Mon-
day from Dr. J. W. Brien, who went
overseas = with the 99th = Battalion,
stating that he expected to reach Es-
8€X an or about the 24th inst. The Dr.
has, recently been on a visit to” the
British fleet "im the North Sea on sick
leave recuperating from his operation
for appendicitis a ‘few. months ago.

The Goderich Signal publishes a
lengthy account of the fatal fire. in
which Dr. Beam. husband of Miss Kate

Ford. formerly of the Methodist pir- |

sonage here, lost her life. An extract
follows: —"Rev. J. E. Ford _ returned
home Tuesday evening from Cobourg,
where his dau er, Mrs. Beam, is in
the hospital undergoing treatment for
the terrible injuries she received in
the fire at Consecon early Wednesday
morning of last week in which her

Canada’ have had bacon dished up to | Busband, Dr. “Arthur Bean, lost his
them in every conceivable form. and a | Hf. - Mrs. Davidson and ‘Miss Helen
diet of canned peas’ may prove to be | Ford. sisters of Mrs. Bean, are with
an agreeable change ) her at Cobourg. Very litte hope was

A Government afficial has stated [at first entertained of saving her life,
that the bacon barons were making |Put she is showing such powers of re-
100 much profit- for the good of the | SiStance that t
country, when they converted the 12. |Pect of her recovery. The little baby
cent hog into, 40-cent bacon. Perhaps | SIT] was burned rather severely, but
£0, but as food profitetrs they are not | Der life isgnot in danger. The cause
In it with the canners of green peas. |0f the fire can only be conjectured,
The price pald for green peas av the | The louse was 4 large, well-built one
cannery ranges from $34 to $36 per |3nd was supposed to be fire-proof. Dr.
ton. And the price paid by the con. |408°Mrs. Beam were awakened by the

e is now a good pros- |

sumer for, the canned peas is ten
cents per pound, or, $200 per*ton. As
one ton of green peas. with the water
added in the canning processes, will
turn out one and a half tons of canned
peas, the actugl price the consumer
pays 18 $300 for the ton for which the
canner padd the farmer $36. There
is, therefore, a margin of $264 per
ton between the Producer and th:
consumer, That the cost of produc-
tion, with all the risks of weather and
other obstacles, #8. much greater than
thé cost of canning. will not be dis-
put:d, yet the producer gets a return
of $36, and the producer gets a return
of, $264} g :

In the recent discussion on food
profiteering jt has been stated that
the millers are making tod big..a
profit’ In converting wh sat into flour,
Do they? A bushel of wheat will
produce about 32 tbs. of flour and 28
hs. of bran and shorts. When wheat
is selling ct $2 2 bushel the flour can
be bought at gix cents and the bran
and shorts at two cents, making the
total price for produce $2.48, or less
than 25 per cent. on the price of
wheat 10 cover the cost of milling.
Compare this with something over
760 per cent. which the canners charge

J for handling green peas.

In a word the ton of peas delivered
at the cannery for $36 is in a fow min-

fiteer is a public benefactor, com
with the canners, Vieopapares

What (s Mr. Hanna doing?—
Free Pres aout

Edwin S+Mon British Secre.|
tary for India, will go to India next
winter to take up reform of the Goy-

| ernment “there. Mr. Montague sald

the policy of the British Government

crying of the baby, and discovered that
the house wa# in flames. Belong un
able to get out by the stalrway, Mrs.

Bean wrapped up the baby and drop- |

ped it out of the upstairs window to
the ground amd then got out through
the: window Juerself. Her husband
meanwhile, doubtless trying to find a
way through the flames, was overcome
and was burned to death. The body
was afterwards discovered in the ruins

of the house,
ine i

CANADIANS FACE DRAFT.

Names of young Canadians who
skipped across. the border to escape
conscription . fn the Dominion are
being takefi by Detroi¢ draft boards
and turned over to the British consul
at Detroit. Draft offici#ls were not
fled Thursday “that negotjations were
on between the American and” Can-
adian governments whereby either
could draft citizens of the other coun:
try. Several hundred Canadians reg
istered in Detroit, and when called up
for examination claimed exemption as
aliens. Several boards reported that
many of these Canadians were “cocky’
In presenting thelr claims for exemp-
tion from khaki. In a letter from J.
O. Murfin, chairman of the district
board, Detrait officials were reminded
that a man {s exempt only so long as
his cause for exemption exists.

on.
Another possible result of the con.
ference 18 for’ each country to give
the other power, either to enlist sub-
Jects of the other or to send them
home. :
In this event the British consnl will
be able, to Arace Canfdian slackers,

Americans who have gone to Canada |

to escape the draft will be in a si

lar predicament. =

before the board of arbitration
in Windsor Friday with an appeal that
they reduce the rental of the hotel
from $800 to $450. Beatty rented the
hotel from I B. Little. Barrister F.C.
Kerby, of Windsor, represented Beatty
in the arguments. Beatty had declined
10 take out a standard hotel license
the hotel now being a private resi-
dence. This gives the tenant a right
to keep liquor for his private use and
escape prosecution for infringement of
the act. County Judge John O. Drom-
gole was chairman of the board with
Barrister John H. Rodd, of Windsor,
arbitrator for the landlord.
GOSFIELD SOUTH.
| Wm. J. Fox an old resident of
y Union. was stricken with paralysis
| Tuesday evening of last week and
| passed away on Thursday evening. He
was in the 77th year of his age. He
was the last of his line of a family of
five brothers and for many years was
engaged in shipping moulding sand to
Cetroit and other points and was well
and favorably known throughout the
| county. He leaves a widow and five
| children as follows: Orland and Ar-
! thur, on the home place; Mrs. Leonard
| Wigle. Albertville; Mrs, Charles Bak-
er. Detroit; and Mrs. Cora Bussey, at
home. The funeral took place on Sat-
urday, service being held at the home

and interment made in Ruthven ceme-

tery. .
Ee

BABY'S GREAT DANGER
DURING HOT WEATHER

More little ones die during the sum-
mer than at other time of the
wear. Diarrhoea entery, cholera in-
fantum and stomech disorders come
without warning sud when a medicine
is not at hand give promptly the
short delay too frequently means that
the child has | 4 beyond aid.
Baby's Own Tablets should always be
kept in the mé sre there are
young children.. An occasional dose of
the Tablets will prevent stomach and
bowel troubles, or ie trouble comes
suddenly the prompt use of the Tab-
lets will cure tie baby Mrs. Chas.
Anderson, Mindz. Alta, says: “Baby's
Own Tablets are the best medicine for

IJittle ones who are suffering from a
weak stomach. They cured my baby
when suffering from. stomach com:
plaint and have her c fine healthy
child.” The Ta re sold by medi-
cine dealers or 11 at 50 cents a
box from The Dr. Willams ‘Medicine
Co., Brockville, Ont

ITY oh

| GOSFIELD SOUTH.

Klondyke.

Threshing 15 in full swing. Wheat
5 a fair crop.—J. Wigle's wheat aver-
oged forty-omeé hos 5. per acre. —
William Keyes Las tired of his Ford
cah, and purchised an Overland. No
more tin Lizzie rides for him.—Miss
Beatrice Healey returned to” To-
ronto afterggpending a few weeks at
her parental home here.—Miss Nellie
and Master Ivan Geauvreau are spend-
ing & week at the aunt's, Mrs. J. Mc-
Crae.—The Rev Miller, of Essex,
took charge of ti ervicces at Klon-
dyke church Sunday last.—Mrs. Edgar
Laramie has not fully recovered from
the shock of her hosband's déath.—
Oat harvest Is going along splendidly.

' —Miss Myrle Kennedy, of Leaming-
ton accompanied by her mother and
sister and relatives from St- Thomas,
motored to Jobim McCrae's Monday
evening. —Klondyke church has just
received a coat of paint, which has
improved its appearapce.—Mrs, John
Barnet ts doing splendidly after her
accident at Klondyke some time ago.

eer en fe

KINGSVILLE.

Miss Jenner had the misfortune to

trip on a rug at he home of Dr, Jeh-
ner last week and is now confined to
her bed from injuries received.
Dr. M. R. Blake, Winnipeg, Man.,
was visiting with Mrs. Godwin and
family at the Beach a few days last
week. He motored through from Manj-
toba. 3

B. 8. Sheldon, formerly manager of
the Union Bank here, but latterly with
the stme Bank at Kitchener, has sev-
ered his connection with that institu-
tion and gone Into, business with the
Sterns. Tire and Tube Co., of Toronto.

Mrs. Alex. Brown and the Misses
Ethel. Peterson, Stella Pearsall, Mary
Fox and Elizabeth Brown, of town,
and Miss Florence Jones, of Amherst-
burg, have returned home after spend-
Ing a week-camping at Cedcr Beach.
| Warren Hendershott, son of C.-W.

Hendershott, has been accepted for
(service in the British Royal Flying
{ corps. Mr. Hendershott has now two
| sons serving, Charles, the youngest,

son, being in Frances

[ In May, 1916, Russell Rogers, of the
| 3rd line, put out some yellow trans-
{ parent apples and on the last Saturday
in July he ate apple sauce made from
apples picked from these trees. How
In that for the banana belt?

Mr. Leslie, last week, threshed §40
bushels of wheat, the producse of 22
acres. He also has a piece of corn all

»| out In ear which we do noe believe can

be equalled in Essex county. It fs en-
tirely free from weeds very even
in height )

The “Soldiers Welfare Association

of Kingsville and Gosfield South” was
formed here last week with the follow-
Ing officers: Mayor Salmoni was made
permanent chairman; J. H. Hurlburt,
Secretary; Executive Committee, R:
Healey. A. Eastman, G. P. Fox, L. P.
Wigle, MPP, A. J. Golden, Peter Up-
cott, W. M. Webb, E. R. McCay, H. C.
Layman, C. W. Hendershot and Fred.
Crawford. The object of the nssocia-
tion Is to devise ways and means and
carry out aringements for-tooking af-
ter the comforts of our soldiers at
tho front and ring. those who re-
(urn, assisting them as far as possible,
nnd to fittingly observe the

of those going. Te

CATARRH CANN BE CURED
with LOCAL ATIONS, as they
cannot reach the sest of the disease.
Stars in lool constitution
digéase, an ol
must take intern
Catarth Cure is
nets directly On

Is Extended to All Visitors
to the State Fair,
August 31 to September 8

Again we have the pleasure of extending our cour-
tesies to patrons visiting the State Fair. Our well-
known. location, on Woodward Avenue at Stafe
Street is the business centre of the fourth city in
America—a big hustling town of some $50,000
people. This store extends the finest commercial
service to Its customers. Visitors are invited, to
make free nse of all its conveniences—rest' rooms,
correspondence desks, telephone and telegraph ser-
vice and other conveniences. Baggage can be
checked free on the ground floor. .

The complete displays we are showing of Fall and
Winter Garments for women and children at spe
cial “State Pair Week” prices will be of interest to
you. Your patronage solicited.

MAIL
INQUIRIES
SOLICITED

Five Large Phonographs
Given as First District
Prizes in

Bond Makig ates

At Rural School Fairs in Ontario

More than $2,000 worth of prizes for bread making will be offered at the Rural School Fairs
thisfzll. Among the prizes are five large cabinet phonographs, fifteen Canuck bread mixers,
and many attractive books. These splendid prizes will make the contest the most stirring ever
held at rural school fairs, ‘Every girl between tie ages of 12 and 18 should read all about this
fme opportunity, atid’ should begin now to prepare for it. “The prizes, under the conditions

explained below, will be awarded for the best loaves baked with

Cream & West Flour

the bard Wheat flour that is guaranteed for bread

—the flour that you will want to use always, once you have given it a
vou to know for yourself that it makes splendid big loaves of the lightest, most wholesome bread

good trial. We want.

that good fleur can bake. That is why we make it well worth your while to try it, by offering
these attractive and costly, prizes. ’ :

) For this contest we have divided the Province into five districts, each with several counties. Tn distri
we will give a large cabinet phonograph, a set of Dickens’ Works and three bread mixers. These A aia
District prizes and they, are to be given in addition to the prizes offered at the local rural school faire.  (Sce list
Be sure to compete at your loeal rural school fair, If You win first prize there, you will then
v become a competitor for the phonograph and other district prizes. ¥

he Prizes, remember, are offered for the best loaf of bread baked with Cream of the West Fl Ne
she flop will do. For local prizes we offer a number of valuable books. By local I cs we a He gine
zt the fair, ’ ; ¢
Is. Lees Prize—"Ghri's Own Azscal.” : a

nt big beaztifully

gardozs, sewing, beting—everythisg partice]
1s a woadon(cl prize thot hon peas for years. that lusty
22d Lace) Prize. —"~torics ol Faroe Men and Women.” beavily cloth bosad with
truzsizg lie stiries of Flotesco Nightingale, Grace Darling, Flora MseDosald, Jesny Li
rd Local Prize.—"Tiritald Oversess.” dbiz hasdacmely bosad i
Of the coatried gad the peoples of Britain's wer bl mii fe te
., &8 Local Prige.—" The Quées’s Gift Book,” 5 boo
articiza by Hritiis's best writers? the proceeds from
ft of disabled soldiers ia Eaglaed.
4 Nore.—Unlers the ‘extries number ai more
bo awarded. Unless the ectries number omni its

. The District Prizes.—The winter of the first prize at each local
fair automatically becomes a competitor for th following District
prizes. One-half of the first prize loaf will be sent to the Ontari
Agricultural College at Guelph, to compete in the District-Conteste
(Ses conditions below.) x
Int Prize.—The “Pa i! i
phooasreon moot Ea first erties ee me Io the fine a i

or a Lifotige. Tt has special reprods atta) ta blizg
Lins of flat dine Feconia of te master Shes os og edie, ena

> recrodnces
maxis, ore | Hs d funny pieces i goes
Pathe records. Total vale, 318000 "re Periecttys with it goea dosent tho lames

23d District Prize.—8ot of Dickess® Works, 18 splead|
as. Amosg the books La the setire “Oliver Twi
These Eretwo of the most eatraneisg storios ever writes. .
3rd, #15 mad Gh Prizes—"'Cancek” Bresd misers. This simple,
of

tachizo {kes this bard work out of bread making. Tastead FIRST PRIZE AT LOCAL RURAL
at pata ol

old method, you just pat is the ingredients, SCHOOL FAIRS

82d more ovesly mised.

Gt the lair | Sh thes
Jad 5 will be dose
of Bi jag aad

 

Fa rk Aust thoion ARE whi akokenmts ditt A a oot th

EL RE A Fo Po TE ra. Ra RD
