  
  
    

 
  

 
 
     
     
   
   
   
     
   
       
   
     
     
     
   
   
   
  
  

—-

[900 Duops)

il
i
|
&

A GHOST

The Scene Is Laid In Ger-
many During the Pan-
European War

For Infants and Children.

Mothers Know That
Genuine Castoria
Always

Bears the

   

By PAULINE D. EDWARDS

O oO

The Propriety or Pte Molics

, ofnblePreparntionforAs;

pie Food by Regula}

and Dowels ¢ 4 The German people are supposed to

be phlegmatic. On the contrary, they
are very emotional,

The Germans are especinlly fond of
what Is mystical. Young persons of all
climes are given that way, but Ger-
many is the home of secret societies
composed not only of young men, but
of those who are older. /

Helorich Borngesser and Carl Frel-
berg wero regular students at the
University of Heldelberg. Bomgesser
was a merry chap, always rendy for a
joke, while Freiberg was of a serious
cast. Borngesser wns a member of &
corps whose business it was ¢o prac-
tice on one another with the short
sword. Freiberg was a member of the
goclety for psychical research, whose
object it was to discover some tan-
gible. dink between the material and
tho spiritual world.

The students of the university fre-
quented a wine and beer house presid-
ed over by a man named Becker. His
dnughter Bertha, a girl of seventeen,
wns accustomed to wait on those who
gathered there. She wns a Madonna-
like creature, with large, serious eyes,
and there was a reserve about ber that
prevented those she served from the
usual jollying that young men are apt
to give a waltress. The ‘only person
who ever tried it was Borngesser, and
he called to her face a look so pained,
80 entirely out of keeping with his ban-
ter, that he never tried it again.

Freiberg occasionally went to. Beck-
er's place for his beer. It was soon
noticed that he was the only man who
frequented the place with whom Bertha
would converse. What the secret of
this willingness was no one could tell.
All were equally respectful to her, but
ft after she had set down thelr wine or
beer they tried to detain her by a bit
of ¢éhat she would invariably bring it
to a halt and leave them. In time sho
recelved a nickname from the. stu-
dents. It was Lady Purity.

Neither Borngesser nor Freiberg
was of the nobllity, but Borngesser
aspired to be an officer in the army.
Both young men served. their term in
the military service, but Borngesser
was doomed to disappointment in se-
curing a commission. The officers were
appointed from the ruling class.

About the time these two young men

 

 
     
   
  

    
 
 
  

    

A
'Gonsti
ons a ness and

SLEEP
Los rominlalasey

For Over
Thirty Years

Be GASTORIA

YHE CENTAUN COMPANY, NEW YOR® CITY.

  
   
  
 
 
 
 
  

  

 

 

sO ee eet
TWENTY SIX-FOOTERS
A Startling Example of How Oats bungalow. on Morgan avenue in the

Create Height Shady Side Addition, for AJ A. Scott,

Archdeacon Sinclair, in advising boys to | which will be completed about No-
cat Tuck patmenl, said this: fi mon ny vember 1st.

rothers and my father's brothers and sis- Miss Myrtle McQueen left Inst week
ters there were 20 six-footers;tall brought fie, 4) 0 wogt where she has secured a

up on oatmeal." e
Oats contain more body-building food, position as teacher. She was accom-
panied by Miss Nora McQueen, who

more brain-building food, more nerve-bulld-
{8 attending business .collége in To-

ing food than any other grain that grows.

No other item in’ all human diet compares | ronto, and Miss Gertrude McQueen,
an importance with outs. = Nothing else | who will attend London Normal
school.

creates so much energy.
But thousands of yisopla buy. thisiiend The, many friends of - Peter La-
marsh ‘will regret to, learn that he lles

arelessly. They accopt catméal imide
fn & critiéeal condition at his home,

from oats as they run—the plump and the
small, the rich and the worthless.

Talbot street east, from a hemorrhage
of the stomach with which he was

Quaker Oats is made from the creal: of
the oats, selected by 62 siftings. Only ten

seozed Saturday. His condition is
made mord serious owing to his ad-

unds ina bushel are good enough for use
n this food.# The result i8 a richness and

vanced age, his 81st year having been
reached on Scturday last.

flavor that all enjoy, and the maximum
Culbert Malott, Cecil Stobbs and

value as food. ‘
Yet Quaker Oats, despite its quility, costs
but one-half cent per dish, Docs it pay to
take something inferior? a2 | Gow Mulott, exhibitors. from Mersea | Were leaving the: university the pan-
Made in Cannda. township at Toronto and London European war broke ont. Borngesaser's
= cleaned up'n large number of splen ..| attempt to rally Bertha Becker had
FISH N ET = fairs, cleaned up no large number of | affected her so, much that it sank
JIB bE ¥ I splendid prizes-on sheep and swine. | into her heart.” It was as if he had
3 a Culbert Malott had the distinction of | broken a fragile vase. There was no
NTE ; ! having the champion: herd of Duroc| anger in her manner toward him. It
TREN Jersey swine, capturing ‘first place In| wag simply that she had been hurt.
this class at both Toronto and Lon-| giranoe as It may appear, it irritated
don. Cecil Stobbs, at Toronto, on
. him. He was ignorant of what this
Sheep captared 9 first prizes and 8
) {rritation meant, but it was plain to
seconds in the Cheviot class; 8 first,
4 soconds, 2 thirds and championship | others that it was the awakening of a
on ewe. inthe Dorset class. At Lon- | passion for the girl When be was
don he did not show Gheviota but on | burrylng away to the war he found
Dorsets he won the same number and | time to stop at the wine house to say
same class of prizes as at Toronto. | goodby to her. He might as well have
At both Toronto and London Mr. | gaid goodby to a stone, :
Stobbs and Lik Malott exhibited But when Freiberg bade her goodby
swine together and took second’ place it was very different. , There were few
words spoken between them. Indeed;

 

LEAMINGTON.

W. W. Link is building a handsome

 

 

 
  
   
  
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

  

  
 
  
 
 
    
   

     
 

an

wb

   
   
   

         
       
       
  
    
     
       
            
    
       
     
     
     
      
  
  

 

aun,
JOHN HALLAM. Limited
4086 HALLAM BLDG. TORONTO.

 

; TE mm thw av
3 L. BERTRAND
FUNERAL DIRECTOR’

ACTIOAL Embalmer, Murray St.

1 : PRACTICAL En Day or night. all through in the Duroc Jersey class.

y Phone 20 St. Michael's church, Leamington,
} ee ———— | wn he scene of n quiet but “pretty Bertha spoke not at all. Carl simply
——————————————— | yedding on Monday morning, Septem- said goodby,.with a pressure of the

hand, while she sald goodby with her

ber 17th, when Estelle, daughter of Mr. i
whole soul through her eyés, and when

end Mrs. Burns McQueen, vas married
to John Quinn, son of the Iate James
and Mrs. Quinn, of Drayton, Ont., Rev.
Father Brigson officiating. The bride
was dressed in a gold embroidered
silk net gown trimmed In ‘rose buds
over cream satin with. the customary

o Ilying tesiimo veil and wreath, and was attended by
Bed, AMER S ou) Bari-rs, Maln Bb. Kinkev © | hor sister, Miss Myrtle, drosged in
gate {age Licenses. pink Georgette crépe and white white
k oY, a Dosa Agent. white and pink satin hat: The groom
Pr was assisted by his brother, J. L.

Quinnjgot Hamilton. Mrs. Wilfred Mc-
Queen, sister-in-law of the bride, play-
ed the wedding march. After the
ceremany tre wedding breakfast was
#M'sorved at the home of the bride. Lat
er Mr. and Mrs, Quinn left for. Wind-
gor, London, Hamilton, Toronto and
Ningara Falls, the bride travelling in
a sand sult with hat to match. They
will be at home to their friends after
November 1st at Drayton, Ont.

followed him with those same eyes
while he was in sight ”

_Borngesser and Frelberg were in dit-
férent regiments, but bard fighting
commenced at once between the Ger-
mans and the Belgians, ‘and the corps
to- which they belonged, belng- deci-
mated, were joined in one, and thus
the two young men were thrown to-
gether. Borngesser sccmed to know
that Erelberg had obtained a success
with Bertha Becker, which was denied
to himself. Nevertheless he maintained
the same friendly treatment of Carl
that be had borne toward him at the

 

CHAS. LEGGETT

GRADUATE QPTICIAN.
Nineteen years oxperiende. Hundreds of

        
 
 
 

   
    
  
  
   
   
  

   
  
   
  
     
    
   
    
 

Cari upon his prediléction for *ghosts."
as hie called it and on one occasion,
"changing from banter to a serious
mein, bad said: -

make an agree

 
    
  
 

—

DR. W. H. McBRIDE,

   
  

     
  
  

5 Veterinary Su TOWN OF ESSEX. “Carl, supposs’ we
E ome poi Das i gs OY BASEN, Ne
. phono No& R red doy r night. Thomas Sullivan has taken over the ua ta whiny et aes

  

  
 
 

horseshoeing and feed stable business
of J. MacDougall, nnd has moved same
from the old stand into Mr. MacDou-
goll’a building on the opposite corner
where he will continuo the business:
Mr. MacDougall will occupy his own
building for his carriage business.

A very happy event took place Sat-
urday evening, September 15th, when
Fdnn. only daughter of Mra. Archie
McCallum, Windsor, formerly of Col-
chester North, became the bride of
Otto Renaud, son of Jay Renaud, of
Amherstburg, Rev. H. W. Crews offic-

lating. The young couple will reside

{in Amheratburg. \
VanEyery and Frank Burk,
ussel} > at Camp Borden

   
    
  

me of your belief in a hereafter and
its connection with mortals still on
earth, I propose that whichever dies
first shall appear to tho other.”

“J have no objection to that,” replied
Carl ¥ Y ’ a

“Very well. It is understood and
agreed that if I, Heinrich Borngeaser,
die before you 1 will in some way
make you sensible of my existence.”

~ |LET US QUOTE YOU
i 2 =—ON— J
LUMBER, SHINGLES, .

LATH, FRAMES, SASH,

‘, DOORS, ETC.

| Canadlan Brand Wall Board.

Oak Finish Wail Board. -

Bishopric Lath Board,
Beaver Board

  
 
       
 
 

 
 
 
   
     

   
   
   
 
  
   
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 

  

    
  
   
  

fen the two men were in lum
‘Heinrich reminded Carl of thelr agree-
‘ment and added: “This bile is
! getting thicker overy day. have a
who are In training Yeelng in ;
orps, spent the g in me that I'm going to be
fp oi Ait ne er's parents | downed, and that before long. So you
in town. The Canadians are expected | may expect to see me, my boy, for X
16 bo moved shortly to Texas (or fur-| shall certainly keep my pledge if
ther training, and this may be Rus-{ pass info another existence and am
sull'n Inst visit home/before the trans- | able to excite the

| fer. | 24
fe ore Catarrh in this sec-
hie pi pred than all other dis-

eases put together, and until the las
[ew years was supposed to be incu
able, For 3 £70" focal "disease. an
| cried: Jocal remedies, c

pe ailing to cure with
Td ed i incurable, Scien

 

   
  
  
    

  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
   
 
  

 
 

 
  
   
       

    
  

   
  
  

   

a

»

0 be cognizant of me, a

 
 
 

) CO)

C h to be
| tutional disease, and therefor
quires constitutional men

SHE
{ \ 5 cure of .
interns : g

{i ve the front fi Paris and for Ber

   
 

dend and womded found time.

be hurried away to the rendezvous abe |:

university. Helnrich had often rallied

 
 
 
 
   
  
  
 
   
 
  

“And X will do the same by you.” =

    
   
     
  

ir x
a mortal.

         
 

  
   
 
    
  
 
 
    

Was nevdr seen before in War.
ing londed with wounded began to

 

 
 
 
 
 
     
 
     
      
 

, while thowands of dead bodles
were thrown filo trenches or buried
separately as fose attending to the
Heln-
rich Borngessit Was reported among
the missing, whlch meant that ho bad
been elther killed or taken prisoner.
But the Germuis wero at that time
driving the ¥remb back on Paris and
were themseves losing few, if any,
prisoners, It was they who were tak-
ing prisoners. Borngesser's friends
therefore gave bim up for dead.

Carl Frelbelg was badly wounded,
and with many hundreds of others was
gent eastward. HIs home was at a
little town near Heldelberg, and after
a few months fn %08pital he received
permission to. go home till he was
ready to return to the front. After
regaining his strengih bo concluded to
go_over to Helde/terg and enjoy a
glass of wine served by Bertha Becker,
He found few persons in the place, and,
as for Bertha, she was working in an
ammunition factasy.

But Bertha came home at night, and
a fow days later Carl went to Heldel-
berg again. Bertha bad returned and,
seeing tho soldier Hmping up the walk,
ran out to mect Wm. There bad been
no lovemaking between the two, but
now, meeting after all that had hap-
pened, what was in both drew them
together. They flew to each other's
arms.

It was now autumn, and the summer
was dying by gasps, as it usually does.
There would come a ¢0ol snap—a win-
ter skirmish line—followed by a re-
turn of warm weather, then another
colder period, which would after a few
days give ground before another warm
invasion. Carl and Bertha, when the
evening was not too cold, would sit
out on a bench in the Beckers' private
garden, as lovers have sat on garden
benches from time immemorial, locked
in each other's arms.

The time was approaching when Carl
would have to go back to the front
His first departure bad not troubled
him, for be had not then been aware
of his love for Bertha; but now a re-
turn to, that which was almost certain
death or maiming was awful. Ho was
not thinking of his own sacrifice, but
of Bertha's. Whenever lie spoke to her
of re-entering those dreadful scenes
she would cling to him as if he were
about to be dragged away to execu-
tion.

Ono night they were sitting in the
garden together when they received a
shock. The darkness was relieved by
a moon nearly full shining out of a
clear sky. The lovers were sitting in a
bower open only to the front. Sudden-
ly a figure appeared at this opening.

“Heavens!” exclaimed Bertha. “It is
Helnrich Borngesser!™ :

There was just enough light of the
moon shining full upon the figure to
show the features. The face was
dendly pale, there was a horrible red
gash In the cheek and a bandage across
one eye.

Carl was visibly affected. Was this

really the man who bad promised if it
were possible to prove to him that the
dead may communicate withithe living
and had now come back to keep his
agreement? One would suppose that a |
mind leaning toward a belief in ghosts 4 . > ’
would accept the figure as the spiritual . Si " fig #1
body. of his returned. comrade. But | _ : : 7
now that a test was put on his credu-
lity Carl doubted,
“ The ghost stood for a moment facing
the couple, then resumed” its pace
across the opening. As it passed out
of sight something fluttered from it to
the ground. Carl ran to it and picked
it up. Holding it in the moonlight, he
read with difficulty:

“1 forbid the banns." +

Bertha was near a state of collapse.
Carl turned to her and, taking ber in
his arms, endeavored to reassure her.

“What 1s on the paper?’ she asked
faintly, {2X

“Nothing of moment,” replied Carl

But she insisted, and he ‘was obliged

 
    

 
    
    
    
   
       

      
   
     
  
 
  
 
  
 
 

   
  
 
      
  

    
    
    
   
    
   
      
       
 
   
      
      
     
     
 
        
     
 
      
     
    
     

In Pasco and War

In time of
expand.

The very- life of commerce and trade — agricul
ture, mines, factories — is dependent upon trans-
portation facilities, 4

In time of war the railroads must not only take
care of this normal traffic but must in addition”
be ready for every emergency in the transporting
of troops, guns and supplies.

The New York Central Lines

“America’s Greatest Railway System’®

peace a nation develops as its railroads

 

  
   
   
    
 
   
   
    
 

 

 

{INT

EF]

JIS]

 
 
     
       
          
       

= with their 12,000 miles of railway and" nearly ..
200,000 employees thus have an important placein
the life of our nation in the time of peace—doubly
so in time of war. : :

It is the aim and purpose of the New York Central
Lines to serve the government and the people
faithfully and well. :

Ce ar Er Tp TT LCT TE TTT

INIT ZZz0 ann

TZU

  

  
  
 
 
  
 
  

 

    
    
 
     
     
   
    
    
      
       

 

  
  

mi.

SAT TTA TAT 7 i LL CTC De PRCT TT ETL

 

 
  
 
   
      
    
   
 
     
          
     
     
    
     
  
  
   

to tell her. She sank back on the,
bench and covered her face with her
hands. 4 /

“Wo must part.” she moaned.
“Not by this command.” ‘
“He has come back ‘from the other
world to warn us. It is not God's will
that we should live for each other,”
“Sweetheart,” said Car), “there is
something wrong here. If he had real-
ly come back from the dead I would
have felt the presence of a spirit.” On
the contrary, I felt the spirit of a lly-
ing man."” 58
“How do you explain his coming?
Did he not perish on the battle field?”
“I don't believe he did. He was re-
ported among the midsing. I. belleve
that he was made a prisoner and es-
caped. I am sure it was ho.in the
“Aes.” a :
Time proved that Carl was right,
but months passed ‘before the matter.
was explained. Borngesser had been
taken prisoner, but had got away from
tifa captors, bad hidden'in a wood and
burrowed {nto the ground. After many |
sftofta to return to his own lines, from
whi

  
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
    

  
   
   
    
   
  
  
   
   
 
 
   
 
  
  
  
  

 

| Get Behind the Wheel |
ye of a Ford and Drive ig

he RY. it just once! Ask four “friend to Jet you “pilot’’ his car on an
‘| open stretch. You'll like it, and will be surprised how easily the
Ford is handled and driven. ‘ }

he had been driven; he bad
finally succeeded, He had sought
Bertha and found Carl in possession.
"Taking advantage of this agreement,
bo had yielded to a temptation to sep-
arate Carl from her, F

returned to the front, and

      
   
  
  

  
    
      
  
  
  

     
   
 
  
   

themselves of Calais. Bnt before this

either Gar] SOF BARI Wier Ein Ll you have never felt the thrill of driving your own car, there is some- :
Germans 3 | ing good in store for you, It is vast.y different from just riding=being
afadks die made 10: poses a passenger. And especially so if you drive a Ford. aE

dfathers—thousands of them—

   

 

 

 

  
 
    
   

fatal ending he wrote Carl, canfessing Young boys, girls, womén:and even gran
188 Seception: sir ba hare dri yal phd enjoying it. A Ford stops and starts in traffic. =
h an ith re tional ease ‘and smooth ngs, while'on na roads and hills

its. strength and power show to advantage. : : i

   
 

_ Buya Ford and you will want to

be behind ‘‘the wheel” constantly.

 

J 3 2 5 7.
