"Fashionable, S

The D

BLUE SPECIAL.—When we say $26.00 is not too much to pay for this Blue Suit we are not exaggerating
They are more than worth it, and of you will come in and let us slip one on you, you will agree

it a bit.

with us and in all probability take away the suit.
weight and absolutely pure wool, with peak lapels.

——

erviceable, Men’s Wearing Apparel

istinctive Kind That's Always Right.

Genuine blue worsted, three button models,
They are the best value to be had.

OUR PRICE IS $20

extra good

4

 

 

SPRING COATS

Every man should have a Spring Coat.
evenings of the days to come should be taken care of.
We want your opinion of the ones we are selling at

from $10.00 to $20.00.

SHIRTS

Large bar, pin and hair stripes in all fabrics and

styles, silk and other materials.

Midland and Gordon Specials at from $1.00, $1.25,

$1.50, $1.75 and $2.00.

PHONE 14

 

 

Seasonable Table Supplies.
“This store is the leading place in Amherstburg for

Good Things To Eat.

Just now we are specializing on APPLE BUTTER, at 1bc,
STRAWBERRY and RASPBERRY JAM in pails of jars; PRUNES, at 15c., | day, in tow
Z0c., 25¢c. per Th; CRAB APPLE and RED CURRANT JELLY at 15¢. H.C, r

See our Green Goods display Saturdays—RHUBARB, LETTUCE, ONIONS,
Get your orders in through the week.

RADISHES, STRAWBERRIES.

J. H. LOVEGROVE

GROCER SPECIALIST.

The cool various trades in wearables.

than pleased with our prices.

: UNDERWEAR

 

THE WORKING MAN.—Our department for the
working man embraces all the necessities for your
There is an inexhaust-
ive assortment to choose from and you will be more

The long, large style‘in light and dark colors.

There is an endless variety in two-piece and

choose from, at 35e. to $4.00.

NECKWEAR

In Arrow, Loraine,

here, in all colors and styles, at from 50¢.,
AND WE BELIEVE WE ARE THE CHEAPEST STORE

—Chrd party at Parisly Hall Friday
evening, May 18th. Pedro and euchre.
Everybody welcome.

—NMrs, M. Mahon ‘has gone on a trip
to Duluth on the steamer W. A. Reiss
with her husband. a
~ —John G. Mullen's new coal barge,
S. J. Tilden, crrived at this port Sun-
f the tug Marion E, Trot-

m.;

ter,

he steamer City of Dresden left

this week for Lake Ontario, where she

Will haul coul from Ogdensburg to
On | Kingston.

—NMembers of the Horticultural So-

clety are reminded that the balance of

— shrubs and bedding plants ‘will be on

Phone 8, Amherstburg,

 

TOWN AND COUNTY.

—Capt. James and Mrs, Jarmin have
left for a‘trip to Mackinaw Island.

—Richard Kemp has ‘disposed of his

grocery store in Windsor to H. Lord.
He has not yet decided in what line
to embark.

—Mr. and Mrs. Coseo and daughter
are moving into the Bert Fox house,
corner Elm and Sandwich street,
this week.

—W. H. Jones is spending the
week with relatives in Lansing, Mich,
in the hope that, the change will bene-
fit his health.

—The Board of Works is advertising
in this Issue for tenders for sprinkling
and other team work. Address W. E,
Craig, Chairman, .

—Dr. W. S, French is leaving Sun-
day night to take a week’ post grad
uate work at Toronto Dental College
and to attend the 50th anniversary of
the college.

~—~NMrs. A. G. Brown went to Wrox-
eter on Monday, having received
word that her mother, Mrs. Barard,
fell and injured herself severely. Mrs.
Barnard is {in her Sith year.

—Word comes from France! that
Lieut. Millard, who savas Inccharge of
the 99th ‘at Amberktburg “for sou
time, has beén promoted on the Held
to the rank of captain, for conspicuous
Naloar.

—@Gill, net fishermen at Kingsville
made a big haul of ducks, Saturday,
The birds were caught, ins the nets
while diving for spawn. Everybody
along the ghore enjoyed wild duck
dinners, Sunday.

—Charles ' Mclsean has completed
repairing his houses on Park street,
and they are now in first class condi
tion. Capt. Bert Briley will occupy
the cottage, and Mr. Hancock one of
the larger houses.

—The William Davies Packing Co.,
Toronto, through-the Ealls-Barron Co.,
offers. a special prize of $256 at he A,
A. & M. Fair for the best type of
bacon hogs shown, This ought to
bring out a big bunéh of hogs.

—The P: M. Railway Co. closed
their station at McGregor Junction on
May 1st. In consequence the M. C. R.
station at McGregor, closed: the past
few years, will be re-opened.
Julien will likely have charge of ft.

—Rev. -A. W. Tonge announces- the
engagement of his daughter, Eva
Gertrude, to" Rev. A. Murray Stuart,
B. A. associate pastor of Wesley
church, «of- this town, the marringe to
take place quietly at the parsonage
"the Iatter part of this month.

—The services In Wesley
next Sunday will be as follows: —39.30
am, Men's Brotherhdod; 10.30 am.
“A Temptation Ancient and Modern";
11.30 a.m., Sunday school; 7.p. m.,
“One Talent Men.” Rey’ A. M. Stuart
‘will preach both morning and evening.

.~—Mondey, Tuesday and Wednesday
.of this week, being rogation days,
specinl services for intercession for
God’s blessing on the seed sowing
: were held each evening In Christ
church. Services were held In Christ
church on Ascension Day yesterday
(Thursdey) at 8:80 am. and 7.30 p.m.

—County Clerk Coyle and County
Treasurer Millen were in Amherstburg

Monday arranging for the receiving of
several cars of washed gravel, which
the county Is purchasing from ghe
Windsor Sand & Gravel Co, - for
bridges. on the 3rd concession of An-
derdon. The cars will be unloaded at
the quarry, and as an [llustration of
the fine spirit of the Brunner.” Mond,
and thelr attitude towards good ronds,
the Superintendent not only offered
the use of the Confpany locomotive to
shunt the cars but also volunteered to
assist {in unloading them when they
came, fo as to expedite the work as
much as possible. A
—The fourth quarterly offical board
meeting of Wesley Methodist church
was held last Wednesday evening in
the church basement. The board was
well attended and the reports from the
various departments show that the
church throughout {8 In a_prosperous
and flourishing condition. Seventy:
six new members have been received
into the church during the year, mak-
ing a total membership of 3562. Finan-
cially the church never did better than
this past year. $670 was raised for
missions, making an increase of $120
over the previous year. Altogether
fhe amount raised for connexional
funds was $1,065. while $2,380 was
raised for circuit purposes, making a
grand total of $3,446. A number of
members of the board expressed their
gratitude and satisfaction for the ef-
ficient work that had been done dur-

dation and appreciation to the retir-
pastors for thelr faithful and effic-
‘work were pissed. Colin Wigle
W. E. Atkin were appointed by

| re) nt them at the)

t held In Windsor Wed-

of $his week.

ia

Willfam®

church

of Cleve- hand by the middle of next week, and

Janid, Ohio, is the guest of her par- should have their grounds ready,

: ME. 1 Mrs, Jo G. Mullen, | -Si, Bertrand went to ‘Toronto,
ents ME, and Mrs. hn e this week, to purchase a carload of
ec B Bleney ofthe Brunner Mond cattle for their butcher business. It
Cannda, Limited, hop. moved his tum. |S next=to, -dmpossible to procure
fly from Windsor 10 the Cralg house, enough in this district to keep them

& ely going.
Sandwich street, ; ne ;

Ar memorial service will He hela| —J: AL Klein, of Detrolt, who re-
ii Christ. church for the late Pte. cently purchased the#Amherst House,

5 5 5 F nm Monday with Benj. Rog-
rivile Fox, Wednesday evening ['V28 In town 3 - OR
Dre ie Pox, ay dnesday | ers, of Windsor, who is likaly {o take

—Notice—My grocery store will out a lense of the place and open it

” shortly for business,
¢lose avery Thursday at 12.30, noon, 3 at NT : 3
commencing, May 24th, ‘until further —F. W. Haas, purchasing. agent

hotied PTE Reade: ne Mond, fas pirciings Capt.
—The Parish: Guild of Christ church | ames = Saree ek SR Rankin
js giving an entertainment on Tugs |2Yooue. A Fn 1 1%; x Foturned
day, the 29th, inst. Talent from De- Io Syracuse Ratun ay mit re Prep
troit and Chicago will assist in the SHS io was oye lr 1ousehold goods
program. 0 Amhe Tat! urg. .
SS NanhETrembiny = -Amlierstburg hns- {ts first bank
» SE x rir), Miss Jessie Duff having béen en-

from his son Harry (Spider) from gin 1 he: staff
4Somewherne in France.” “Harry is dn & dgont tins stall of the Intpcrinl
the trenches with his friend, Rat King. dank, entering: upon her duties Mon-
Both: are: welll y : day. Robert Jones, cashier, has his
— william: Rodgers, of the Brunner, resignation In and. léaves shortly to

v onte her employment.

A : da, ted, will’ leave |CNIEr upon ot

a i N 4 He 2 -Purguant to the order of the Po-
pects to move his family to Amherst: minion Railway Commission the Pere
burg Int the near. future ar Marquette Monday restored up trajns

—The ‘steamer Pentecost Mitchell, [ Yhich were removed from service in
downbound with ore, collided with the January Jaston the Saini. Thoniis
frefghter Saxona, upbound, at the division, but the Walkerville division

EA Sa 2 5 otk is still limping ‘along without any
mouth of St. Mary's river, at midnight ——

Sunday. night. Both steamers sank in change.

‘—An effort to prohibit the use of
y DL WwW Br. l@ Crews vere :
Sh feet.of water. The cre wor grain and ceranls in the manufacture

Spar buoy No. 10, in Fighting TIs- of ‘alcohol for the duration of the war,

in other words; thetattempt, tosmanke
Iand channel, has been damaged fre- J ;
quently by boats through, failure ‘of national prohibitionYof ill intoxicants

except fruit distillations effective, was

masters and pilots to undérstand that Q
killed by the U.S. Senate on Monday,
pe {1} 8 WwW os oa p ~ 5 - 0
thefehannaliisino straight course, Lop oh Senator Cummins’ grain amend-

0 res | 1] v

ahd that the anges /n the old channel ment to-the-esplonage bill was rejecs:
are no longer in service, Inspector y
Ww i ed. The Senate défeated the Cum-

oodruff ‘has renewed his notice to ' :

Tr mins’ amendment by-a vote of 47 to

mariners of thé change (n the channel, 37: /.0n Saturday ‘*tha” Senate had

—J. "M.. Levan, High School Inspec. ioe 0h  SSULECAY, IGE Seng
top, made his annual visit to the local RS to pi thist.vicihity: are ap-
Hizh scéhool, so that when tic matter SIving = Ly are
ofthis week. | While: hers, tho Board Rg to Bo ret as AT i the
took Mr. Levan around “town nnd | eon tno ov SS ey be 3
showed him possible sitas for a new bool npit $200 or ey 18y hae 1
Hig hschool, go that"Wwhen the matter 0 = is bg Interest a fis
comes before the Department; he will the Im serial Ba = ge TE
have an intimate Knowledge of the Inthe Yo Tp week Hod fi bE
situation in Amherstburg, Li AY o rougin ith

hy Int forcibly to“ their attention. . All
—Fort Malden Chapter Muperial Or-|P2 | {

der Daughters of a held an- the money that Is required is being
other delightful “500” party in the freely offered them so that “there

“ody Corner. T re x x | should be no Incl of production for
Toy art oagtetuy nish Figen not having ji funds to purchase
Ladies” first, Miss G. * Farrell; 2nds| “®*ho I

Mrs. Girardin; consolation, Mrs, H. I ifli=atia gigns (at (is Hortiern
M. Stancliffe. Gentlemen's. fisat, F. M. and southern borders of the town may
Falls; second, F. M.: Haynes; consolu- be: 2 Joke about limiting the speed of
tion "Capt D Hackett Spectator's automobiles to 10 miles an hour within
prize Miss Cathline g ie the municipality, the rate at which

Sar some drivers race through town {8 no
~—The-first excursion of the season | om
to Bob-Lo park will be on Wednesday, Joke, breaking all rules of propriety

May 30th, Decoration Day. - The {sland and good ‘judgment, and endangering
will then close until Saturday, June [the lives of citizens; who within their
9th, when it will be officially opened rights may be crossing the streets,
for the summer season. A large num. C hief Brooker has a list of names and
ber of workmen: have been employed some interesting ‘explanations may

forathe past six weeks) getting. this have to De ge before the osry
beautiful resort in shape to receive the | MAEIstrate before the.summer sets in,

summer guests, and it has never pre- unlsssin friendly tip is taken to go

sented a finer, appearance than it does |Sl0W: If the town equips the chief
this spring. with a motor cycle he promises -to

—The most excitement for a week |PAY-for itn fines within a fortnight.

was caused Monday morning on Rich-| —The W. C. I. baseball team came
mond street pavementy when» Mrs, | down last Fridey afternoon and de-
Joseph Charles’ horse ron away with | feated the local High School’ team in
a democrat wagon m which she and [8 seven-inning game. Nevertheless
her son were riding. The animal was |the A. H. S. braves lost no courage,

—Mrg. Harry F. Gillman,

received a letter

 

You have the choice of America’s best makers

going so. fast when {t neared the Dal
housie street corner that it wns im-
possible for her to smake the turn,
and it crashed Into the telephone pole
in front of E. Berube's store, where
the shafts broke loose and parted from
the vehicle, Fortunately the occupants
were uninjured. The horse was caught
on Murray street. ,

and rode up to Sandwich the follow
ing day and proved themselves vie.
tors aver the Assumption Tai-Kuns by
defeating them by a score of 5 to 3.
LaRochélle pitched great bull for the
winners, allowing his opponents but
three scattered hits and a walk. His
team-mates gave him fine support, as
they did not make an error throughout

Aposes,

the game, The score by Innings:—

The Western Racing Association,
Tal-Kuns—1 01 01 000 0 0—3R3IHAE

which operates Devonshire Park race-
track near Windsor, has offered the|A- H. S—01130 00 0 x—5RTH 0
infleld of its park to E. N. Bartlet,| The A. H. S. tenm have three games
Secretary of the Windsor Production |4cheduled to be played on the Jacal
Campaign, for workingmen's allot-| grounds as follows:—To-morrow (Sat-
ments, and already a score or more |urday) at 8 o'clock, Windsor Comets;
of Michigan Central Railway employ-| Wednesday, May 23rd, at 3 o'clock,
ees have commenced to plant potatoes | Tal-Kuns; Thursday, May 24th, at 1.45
and smaller vegetables,  Windsor's | sharp, Elliot A. C..
Board of Public’ Works Department] —The suggestion was made some
has abandoned street cleaning unfil|ago In these columns that each muni-
lots to be cultivated by factory work-|cipality In Essex county should take
ers are placed under the plough. More | cognizance of the valor and unselfish
than 1,000 applications have been re-| devotion to its soldiers by erecting a
celved for allotments, and: the de-|suitable bronze tablet memorial in
mand for Jand exceeds the supply. some public place on which would be
—The Daughters of the Empire will| engraved the només of not only those
have a tobacco shower for the home| Who paid the supreme sucrifiee, but
boys on May 24th, Remembering the |also of every man who cnlisted and
generosity of the townspeople and the | Went overseas, to servo as a perpetual
surrounding country, we ask you again | reminder down through the years thut
to contribute to the comfort of the|when the call came, hose boys were
boys in the trenches, The Cosy Cor-|ready to answer aml give up their
ner will be open all day to receive to-| lives If needs be “or tha liberties we
bacco and cigarettes. Remember, | all enjoy. More particulerly our hon.
“We who cannot fight, must pay.” So|ored dead should be enrolled on some
lat all*be generous, such tablot as this as well as in onr
~The Daughters of the Empire wish | hearts. The list is growing in Am-
to announce the re-opening of their|herstbucg, and may be a longer one,
tea-room in the Cosy Corner on Wed. | but {t's not too early for the planning

nesday, May 30th. The ladies will ba|of some public memoriel. Names like
or, Sunsal}

In attendance all day, sorving lunch |Albert Thomas, John Baxt
at noon. Proceeds for patriotic pur- $ Bona Nin

combination garments, in all qualities and sizes to

is how this store has firmly won public favor andpreference.
It's what you get for the money expended as much as the price you pay that counts.
weather will soon be at hand and this is what we might term “high tide time” for the purchasing of Summer

Fabrics and Summer Ready-to-Wear Apparel of all kinds.

ability.

75¢c and $1.
IN CANADA.

—Mrs. D. M. Kemp, who has been
quite poorly, is improving.

—The focinl to be given by the
ladies of the First Baptist churcih on
| May 24th has been postponed.

—Capt. Thomas Cooper end wifie, of
| Detroit, spent the weekend witih his
parents, Mr. and Mrs. John Cooper.
|" —Mrs., M. A. Bezaire, of Detrmif,

| spent a few days with Mrs. J. M. Keil |

ly and Mrs. D. Bezalre, this. week.
| © —Mrs, L. Seavitt and Mrs. Dufour,
| of Ecorse, Mich, spent the past week
with the former's mother, Mrs, Mar- |
garet Cook, Sandwich street, |
| .—Feed Corn.—We have for sale a
quantity of feed corn, -and also 4 |
| small quantity of White Cap corn on |
|the cob, suitable fdr. séed. C. Wigle |
| & Sons. {
—Services In St; Andrews church,
Sunday, Mey 20th. Rev, F. O. Nichol,
| pastor, preaches at both services, 11
|a.m., “Doth Job Fear God for Nought??
{or thesUnselfishness of True Relig:
{fon”; 2.30 pan., Sabbath school; 7 p..
m., “An Old Testament Beatitude off
{the Best-off Man.” Special music att
both services,

—Over one hundred entries have:

{been .made by the school clifldren jn!

the Vegetable Garden Contest for thee
$40 (n'iprizes ol¢red under the mam-
agement of the Horticulturist Societyy
of the (town.
make their first tour of inspection
about the last week in May, by which
time all gardens should be ready.

—Divisfon Court. sittings wil! be
held thronghout the county during |
June, as follows:—\Windsor, Thursday.
7th; Belle River, Monday, 13th; Es-
sex, Tuesday, h:; Amherstburg,
Wednesday, 13th; Sandwich, Friday,
15th; “Harrow, Tuesday, 19th; Kings-
ville, Wednesday, 20th; Comber, Fri
day} 22nd. County Court Is on Weds
nesday, June 12th,

—Patrons of Hob-Lo, lower Detrojt
river's famous summer resort, willbe
snrprised when they visit it shortly
to find a new amusement device in-
stalled In the old dance-hall, in the.
form ofa scenic raflwny. Fourteen cars
and the trackage neccessary have al.
ready arrived, and will be put In
readiness before the excursion season
opens at the end of the month,

-—Mr. Barrett and Miss Lovedy Bar-
rett were in Detroit Wednesday” ats.
tending the wedding, of his youngesit
son,. Me. \Wyman Douglas Barrett, andi
Miss Dorothy Goddard, daughter wt |
Frank Goddard, which was solemnizes
fn St. Paul's Cathedral at high  noow
by“Rev. Dean Edwards. The younyg
couple were unattended and only ims
mediate relatives were present. Dr.
| Barrett and bride left during the af-
|ternoon to spend their honeymoon in
Chicago and on*their return will take
up their residence In Detroit,

—Alexander Hurst, a practicing at-
torney, dropped dead in front of the
county buildings, Detroit, shortly be.
fore 10 o'clock Monday morning, His ||
death "was: due to heart fallure. Short-
ly before starting for the county ||
building he complained of feeling fll..||
He was 65 years old.
will “be remembered, wes associated
with-=Mr,” Alexander, conducting the |

|

 

 

|

Lake View hotel a few years ago.

—A ‘ayarm game of baseball will be
played ‘on the town park May 24th
between the Horseshoe A..C., of Wind:
gor, and the local team. | Everybody
come out and" root. ;

—A great deol of interest Is attached
to a sitting of the Ontario Railway
and Municipal Board which is an-
nounced will be held In the Council
Chamber, Windsor: City Hall, Tues-
day, May 29th, at 11 o'clock In the
forenoon to hear the suit brought by
the County of Essex against the S,,
W. & A. Railway Co, in which the ||
Town of Amherstburg is an CCessO0lEy |
plaintiff, as having concurred in fhe
memorial of the county. The malier
18 to endeavor to force the electric
railway management to install air
brakes and toilets on their cars. rin.
ning between Amherstburg and Te.
cumseh. So far as the air brakes tre
concerned, it is understood that they
{have decided to equip their cars with
| this applinnce as soon as they can, |
but the management strenuously ob-
ject to install toflets, urging as the
chief objection that the line of rail
way runs for the most part either
through paved city streets, or through
property in a densely populated dis-
trict, which would not tolerate what
they consider would be a nuisance.
The whole matter will be ventilated
and threshed out on the 29th inst.

—A recent Issue of the Someiville
Journal had the following item of in-
terest to Amherstburg. Mrs. (Lieut.)
Morris being formerly Miss Kate
Middleton, sister of Mrs. W. H. Jones:
“On Friday evening, the home of
Lieutenant A, H, Morris, U. 8. N. R,;
63 Simpson avenue, was invaded by
fifty neighbors and friends. Mr. and
Mrs. Morris received thelr guests cor-
dinlly, and Wyman E. Fales, on behalf
of the company, presented Lieatenant
Morris with sword, best and knot of
naval regulation, finely engraved,
“Lieut. A. H. Morris, from Somerville
Friends, 1917.” Although greatly eur- |
prised Lieutenant Morris faced the
situation, and said he appreciaud the
gift because it came from tho Who
knew him best and he wdéuld do hls ut-
rost to have it reflect honor 10 the
country and flag, Atgpresent Lieut
enant“Morria {s detailed on suey of
boats taken by the at
Charlestown Navy Yard. Durfif the

8 Ruth Fales solos

 

| 1943, the wife of Mr,
| of a

You are 'more than wejcome in this store.

play them as attractively as possible, so as to
satisfied with your purchase and with our service.

I like to look around before I buy. | Of course you do

You know we have the newest and best things, and we dis-

help you to decide just what you want. We want you to be

The Best in Quality, Price and Service.

Children's and Girls’ smart little Ready-to-Wear Dresses.
Prices ranging from 40¢. up.

“Ladies’ Ready-to-Wear House Dresses, 75¢. up.

BUNGALOW APRONS.

A

of
|

Ses our nice new SHIRT WAISTS

with long and short sleeves, high
and low neck. Ranging from 75¢

Jap to $6.00.

 

GIVING VALUE OF HIGH STANDARD

BIRTHS.
Raker—In Essex, Thursday, May 17th,
1017. the wife of Mr, Warry Baker, of
a daughter.
Qunning— At Ruthven, Saturday, May 19th,
Albert Gunning,
daughter.
Fulmer— In Colchestop North, Sunday, May
ath, 1017, the wife of Mr. Oliver Ful-
mer, of a depghior.

In Mersea,  Wadnesday,
101%, the wife of Mr. Henry
| a son.

Holden—In Caoleh

ith, 1017, tae
den, ul a Jdauz

Meloche—In Colchester North, \Vednesday,

May tlh. the wife of Mry Alex. Me-
Tovhe, of a dau<hter,

Masseyv—In Essex; Friday. May (1th, 1017,

the wife of Mr. A. \V, Massey, Prin-
cipal Essex High School, of a son,

| Noble—At Hotel Dieu, Windsor, Thursday,
May foih, 1615, the wile of Mr. Claud
Noble, of a fom

Wigle—In Kingsville, Thursday, May 10th,
101%, the wife of Mr. Orlan 5. Wigle,
of a daughter,

Watson—In Sandie Soh, Mola
Tithe 1943, the wire of Mr.
Watson, of a son.

Hatt May

wth
ol Mr,

Vrldae, May
prank Hols

May
“tapi

MARRIAGES.

| Barrett—ooddard==At St. pauls Cathedral,

Detroft, Wednesday, May Toth; 1917,
by= Rev, Dean Edwards, Dr. Wyman
Douglas Barrety, youngest son of Mr,
M. Barrett, Am thurg, to Miss Dor-

othy, daughter of Mr. Frank Goddara,

The judges will likelyy | Detroit.

At St, Joseph's R. C.
church,  Loiselleville, Monday, May
14th, 1017, by Nev. Fr. Emery, Mr.
Henrt Droutliard to Miss Mabel Lane
zon, all of Sandwich West,

Durfonr-—jolis-—At Assumption church,
Rundawicl, Wednesday, May 0th, 1917,
by Nev. Fr, Cote, Mf Arthur Durour,
to Miss Jolle, hoth of Ojibway

Grant—~Lyon AL-All Saints’
vhureh, Jidsor, Wednesday

Drouiliard—Lanzon—

 

| Reynolds—aounrry.

|! Duekigrme

| Gateld—In Detroit,

| Armstrong,

fot, 191 by Rev, Arthur

La Efle drant, to
futte Lyons, alk of Windsor,

Robinet—Bondy—At St. Jaseph’s. RC,
church, Loiselleville, Tuesday, May
15th, by Rev, Fr. Emery,, Mr. Adolph
Hobinet, of Sandwich, 10 Miss=Edna,
daughter of Mp,
Sandwich \West.

=At StL. Alphonsus!

Windsor, Wednexday, May

foth, 1017, by RL &cv. D, O'Connor,

of London, Mr. “Edmund Brian Rey-
nolds, to Miss Julia Angelique Quarry,
both of Windgor,

Bondy, of

Ri

Honory

€. church,

Rawlings—AMitehell—At the bride's home,
Saturday, M Sth, 101%, by Rev, C.
F. Logan, Mr. John Rawlipgs, of Pita
burgh, 10 Miss Edith Gertrude, daugh-
fer of "Mr, W. H. Mitchell, of Leam-
ington
AVY man—) the home of the
bride's nts, at Oxbow, Sask., on
Wednesday, May fh,” 1817, “Klfred
John Wyman, of Lafigtehe, Sask,” son
OF W. 4, Wyman, of Essex, ont, to
Mapgaret Bell, daughter of Mr. Miles

Baiwell—In, Hamilton, Monday, May f4th,
1017, Gladys, daughter of Mr. Henry
nanwaell, formerly of “Windsor, | age
18 years, 4

Cooper—In Windsor,
19 Mrs,
ye

Tuesday, May 46th,
Arthur Cooper, aged: 49

At Hotel Dieu, Thursday, May
foth, 101%, Miss ay Ducharme.
daughter of Mr. Denis Ducharme, of
Tecumseh, aged 16 yvears.

May 151n,
© APIE, Joh aPric d, son of
ie late Capt.

nerstburg, aged

Mr. Hurst, {i | Houghton—Ii Winds

1047, Joseph k
Howkes—In  Leaming
1017, John Hawke
Milner—At “West Lory
ath, « William
Walkerville,

aged p.
Wednesda:
Milner, form
P aged 70 years,
Hnsonmeault—At Joachim, Friday, May
A1th," 1047, Mrs.  Francols ; Pinson.
aged T8 years.
Nn Malden, Monday, © May 14th,
N. I. Shepley, aged 79 years 1
and {0 di
At the hoi

Tin mont
hornton: i her daughter,
Mrs, John Russ Leamington, Fri-
day, May fifth, 1917, Mrs. Hiram
Thornton, of Harrow, aged 65. years.
-Al the home his daughter, Mrs,
(Capt) S. A. MeCormick, of Amberst-
burg, Tuesday, May t&th, 1017, John
Mri of Pelee, in the 73rd year of
‘Douchor—In Grosse Isle, Mich, Monday
May 14th, 1017, Doille, beloved wife
of “Nr. Boucher, aged 51
YOnrs. .
Funeral will be held at
chapel at 10 o'alock this (Friday) morning.
Her maiden name avas Dollie Cuerier, and
she was born at Petite Cote.

Banwell—In Detroit, Saturday, May 12
HOt, Arthur C. Rapwell: of Windsor:
Surviving are his widow, his parents,

Who lve (n Windeor; two sisters, Mrs. Al-

fred Wigle, of. Windsor, and Mra, (Rev.)

E. Armstrong, of Essex; .and threo

hors, Henry Banwaell, of Hamilton, and

es and Donald Banwell, of Windsor,

The funeral 100k piace Monday afternoon.

Services wore conducted by the Rev. Ar-

thur carlisle, of Windsor, andultev. E.-F,

A f Essex, and |
Evergreen: cemetery, ferment tn

Watt

Sacred Heart

We are now using the
celebrated

md,
Hatt, of

IORTEY

SANITARY SERVICE

+ PAPER CUPS AND DISHES

eS

. Our Ice Cream Cann t
be Improved so og ~
Improve the Service

Values based on quality and depend-
The warm

Come See, {hen you will Believe

That our assortment of WALL PAPERS is the best in the county.
Papers for every room In the home—Beautiful Washable Tiles for
the kitchen or bath room; Floral and Plain Stripes for bed-rooma;
Plain and Striped Oatmeals for dining-room, parlor or living room.
The styles are all new and the prices are right. Wall Paper season
is now at its height, buy before it's too late. Come in and we will

cheerfully show you the samples.

Climax Paper Cleaner for Sale

HIGHEST PRICE PAID
for Butter and Eggs.

Barlow & Smith

Groceries and Provisions, China and Wall Paper.
AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO. ;

THE STORE OF VALUES

New Spring
CARPETS
Attractive new patterns in all kinds of Floor Coverings that are :

worth your while, and with every bit of extravagance thken out of
prices. We're devoting particular attention this season to new and

attractive patterns in.
AXMINSTER

TAPESTRY
CRETONNE

Also MATTING RUGS, MATTING, OIL CLOTH, LINOLEUM,
STAIR LINEN, CARPET FELT.

Ss and

a

Squares

 

WILTON
BRUSSELS

UNION

, VELVET
WooL
CONGOLEUM

Come and see how. attractive the new patterns really are.

F. P. Scratch & Co |

SETA

Equip you buildings with our Light-
ning Conductors, then you are sure
to be safe. Our rod has 36 pure cop-

Tr, wires, and passes - Government

€gulations. Mr. Defoe; our agent, has
had years of experience both in selling

and erecting lightning. conductors,
When decling with us you.are sure of

rN

—

“= NO. TRIP TOO FAROR

~ NONE TOO SHORT.
A FULL LINE OF TIRES
AND" AUTO ACCESSORIES.

AUTO. LIVERY.

NIGHT AND DAY SERVICE.

+ HARRY KEMP,

RANKIN AVE, PHONE 9
Amherstburg, Ont.

getting the best.
For further information write

PURE COPPER LIGHTNING ROD CO.
~ Dundas, Ont,

Or our Agent for Basex County,

"ARTHUR DEFOE,

E . %
Phone 102. Box 125. Sy Rk ONS

Wool! Wool!

WANTED AT
Kingsville Woollen Mills

‘We are paying 40 to 42 cen
good Clean, Un-Washed, and
65 cents for Washed Wool.

 

McGREGOR ELEVATOR

SINASAC GRAIN CO.
Proprietors

i

DEALERS IN

Brain, Hogs, Live Stock
Cement, Lime and. Flour

Car of Oats and Middiings on |
hand.

»

Wislies to announce she intends to

 
