  
       

Your Appearance Fall
Rests with your Corset.

  

 

Three generations have been wearing the clothing that we sold them. Our clothes were good enough for the old Grandfather; as the
years sped by they improved so much that the Son found them equal to his requirements; to-day the Grandson finds that they have kept pace
with Progress, and he, too, is satisfled. The old Grandfather's taste wasn't very fastidious, perhaps, but the Grandson isn’t so easily pleased,

and the fact that our clothing pleases him shows how much it has improved.

T0 THE OLD GRANDFATHER WE SAY :Stick to the bridge that has carried you over
T0 THE SON IN THE PRIME OF LIFE | so many times. You know you can trust it.
T0 THE YOUNG BOY GOOD CLOTHING HONEST CLOTHING HONEST PRICES

‘Come in and Look Over Our New Fall Styles.

W. R. BOYCE & CO, a: - HARROW.
THE EOHO IS THE OFFIOIAL PAPER OF THE TOWNSHIP OF OOLOHESTER SOUTH. 3

FGOODYEAR” {7 RRROW. 1 Pape Corl Nev Pickling Necessities---

BY GOOD AUTHORS

P. d wit le of
- ETE G8 dbp : Sour Be 10c Each - 3 for 25¢. ; . . J ba
We have the varied sizes of pickle corks you i

  
     

.

The smart new modes in outer apparel will
not appear to hest advantage if worn over an old

corset. Gef your new corset first. See the new °
model we are showing in

 

         
      
    
     

Crompton a la Grace Corset
At $1.00, 1.25, 1.50, 2, 2.50, 3, 3.50 and 4.00

 

 

 

 

Friends from far and near—Essex,
North Ridge, Ruthven and other places
—and neighbors gathered at the home
of Mr. and Mrs. George N. Bissell on
Tuesday afternoon as a farewell sur-
prise party before their departure for
their new-home in Harrow. During the

 

 

       

      

 
  
 
 
 
  

   
 

* —AND— i hE 1271] wacsromene Arthur Agla has about completed

Tare another house on the Agla subdivision |} Also Detective Stories at 15¢ & 20c Souree The ail oryoon Pleasures; g
Big emg [at Colchester. 5 . ss Gladys Balley, ol ort idge, . ~ :
é6 99 | Mrs. Lemon, of West, Lorne; wes. (| THE SENTINEL STORE ||4 behalt of the company rend an ad- need. Tumeric Powder, Paprika, Whole Ginger z
N Bertram and Mrs. Cade, of Windsor, | oo 78, ocx ; HARROW dross CXpresens good En and R ol C 1 S d Ww i! ! 7 a
have been recent guests at John Cun- \ Mrs, Taomas Herniman presented the (0) e i : 8
Liffe's. = _ ” > [old couple with a purse of money, 3 ery ee ’ hite Mustard Seed and 3

reduction as to taxes, but held- that

 

—ARE THE—

Automobile Tires

 

4 WE- SELL
They give the most miles per dollar and we give MOST

MFRES PER DOLLAR as well. Inyestigate, and see.
et our prices. Don't listen to what dealers tell you ‘about

ome cheap second quality goods. at bargain - price, which
e dear at any price. 3
e give for Cash the Best Prices
in the County.
And we stand behind the goods too.

 

Yours for Best Prices,
Best Goods, :

] Best Service.
{C. RICHARDSON & SON
! Sn 2 3

 

 

| Windsor, Were guests of Lewis Ford's

“lat § o'clock, the

Hiram Rose and wife, son-in-law and
wife, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Beach, of
Detroit, were guests at Gilbert Morin's
Sunday.

Mr. Jackson, of Detroit; Mra. Corn:
wall and Miss Marguerite Jackson, of

last ‘Saturday. .
Mrs. James Ford, Mr. and Mrs. Roy

Ford ond Mr, and Mrs. Lewis Ford
and son Fred. were Sunday visitors
at Arthur Brimner's.

J. H. Madill's garden Is producing
a second crop of strawberries. If this
kind of weather continues, there
ought to be all kinds of fruit movel-
ties at the Harrow Falr.

William Brookland left on Wednes-
day for Collingwood, where he has
purchased a tailoring business. His
removal leaves Harrow without a
resident tailor for the first time in
over i quarter century.

Reavy. Peter Brooks, pastor of the B.
M. E. church, united In the holy bonés
of matrimony, Tuesday of last week,
William Scott, of Edgar Mills, and
Miss Eliza, daughter of Albert Lewis,
of this village. The happy couple are
still on a protracted honeymoon.
SiCharles Clark will offer for sale at
the Alrhart bakery, Saturday evening
following on cash
terms:;—12 chairs, 4 tables, 1 show
case, 1 sideboard, 2 flour bins, 100
bread pans, 6 palls, 1 stove, 1 small
sot scales and a quantity of paper and
twine, to settlé claims for rent.

Baptist congregations of Harrow
and Colchester accorded Rev. Mr,
Frears and wife a very warm recep-
tion in the church Thursday evening
of “last week. The place was filled
and good fellowship, prevalled. Rev.
J. S. Leckle, of Leamington, “was
chairman, and addresses were given
by ‘himself, Rev. Mr. Burrell, resi
dent Leamington . pastor; Rev. C, L,
Jones, of Wheatley: Rev. A. Edington,
of Harrow, to all of whom Rev. Mr.
Frears made sultabie reply. © Mrs.
Leckie ‘and Mrs. Bdrrelil were also
present, the latter contributing a: solo.
The ehoir rendered searal selections,
and Mrs. Forest Iler sag much appre-
{ciated solos. Luncheon syas served at

 

lhe close of an evening that will go
| for to cement the ties of Ghurch (friend-

 

ship and fruther Mr. Frears® pastoral

° 9 p bi °
- - : | work In: his new charge.
Aladies and Gents hain Loals iui, wee
hh , F. C. Kerby, of Windsoj; W, A. Smith;

At prices that will ‘astonish. :

 

Royal Purple Calf Maal
stock and Poultry Spuocifias
Pratt's Stock and. Poultry Remedies

Manford's Balocom of Myrrh

Auto, Metal Polish

Auto Body Dressing

Roar Windows for Ford Cars
Trunks and Club Bags’

HARNESS and HALTERS. All at right Prices.

Jonas. WEBSTER, -

| 48

 

HARROW
ONTARIO most interesting On the docket whs

Kingsville, and JF. H. A. Davis, Am-
herstburg, held a field day here Tues-
day of last'week, it bang the regular
| session of the Division ©ourt. The
sittings have been 80 quiet for years
that litigation was bound %5 break out
some place, and jt certainly did with
vengeance this time. There were
several very Interesting ciyed, and
the Judge's time was fully occupied
from 11 o'clock In the mGrping until
6 in the evening. There was some-
thing doing all the tiie, One of the

that of John Ford v& Moe & Son, over
the matter of sheep straying. Mr.
Ford inquired last summer of Mr. Moe

 

 

 

BK

 

J Hallo's Big 3 Weeks Sale

as to whether some strayisheep were
on his premises, and received a nega-
tive answer; hg then scoured the
country for 8 Week, and received word
that there were Sifax gheep on Mr.
Moe's premises. He 88gyred a search
wilrrant, and found his gheep, but one
lamb was missing. Ap,

 

 
  

On account of being crowded for space we are offering the following | claimed all knowledge ‘af the matter,

goods at prices tnat gives you an, opportunity to _
purchase neede supplies at

# GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.
SHOES UNDERWEAR

3,25, now $2.85] Men's Summer Underwear, 66c..

b Women's Shoes wero $

3 Womens' Shoes were pi now 2%
\ were , NOW

hin Se La $4.00, now. .3.60 Bo Ih Lined Underwear,
\ le Shoes b .25, aanlvves

rs ar 4.00 | Men's Heavy Wool Ribbed Under.

3 : rwenr, $3.00, NOW: .cvusiveues
Wissen Shoes, 33.00, now. ..... 280) yo T Natural Wool Combinations...

Misses’ Shoes, $2.76, DOW... $3.60, now
Men's Fine Shoes, $5.00, now. ...460 | Women's Summer Underwear,

‘Men's Fine Shoos, $4.76, now.. cont. off.

Men's Fine Shoes, $4.25, now... 3.85} . :
Men's Heayy hoon: $4.76, now. . pi " MEN'S FINE SHIRTS

Men's Heavy Shoes, $4.90, DOW... »e

* Childrens’ Heavy Shoes, $3.60.. 3.10

_ Children's Heavy Shoes, $8.25.. 2.85
Children's Heavy Shbes, $8.00.. 2.60

 
  
 
  
 

"MEN'S FALL CAPS
oy bors 10 per cont. off. A tow Fall Caps, wero $1.00, now.
EF AfewM

 

 

Men's Summer Underwear, 80c, ..45¢

en's Shmmer Union Suits, $1.00 85¢
en's Summer Union Suits, $1.25. $1

       

Men's Women's and Children's Rub-{A fow Fall Caps, wero 750, Bow, 50 Judge confirmed this.

and action was
time and also for
lamb, His = Honor

charge.

  
 
 
    

liott, Thoms Craig,
bury and ‘Murdo’ McLean
Melissa Brush vs, T.

    

Ing against it.

defendant's bull “got caigh

 
  
   

 
 
 

  
 

  
   
 
  

     
  
  
 
 

this. She called thi fence viewers,

and on. their award

n'a Fino Shirts, $1.35, now. ...$1.00 built, and she sued for the new fence

and damage. The jurors verdict was [sale in November and as soon
that the action be settled, gach party.
to and the {will move to the 'Burg.,

  
 

pay half of all the
‘tion was an appeal from

the fence viewers, which
fact tha tho tance view
from year to year ot

 
 
 
  

     
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
 

 

Moe dis-

brought fom loss of
the loss of the
dismissed the
The next cis was a double
one, and was tried hy the following
jurors: George Cornwall, Andrew El-
Duar Loms
t was Mra.
3 C. hondy. The
45¢ | first port of it was an action for dam-
ages over a parcel of Jgid. The lino
fence got ty Jsropai; through age,

st and the defendant's stock push: |loaded and sold.
In the fal} 4f 1916 the

 

 

  
   
 

t In the |themselves of this oportunity to fill

fence, and the plaintiff alleged that (their bins before the approach of win-

the defendant cut the Wire in order to | ter, The price is $9.25.

release the bull, and nayer replaced it,

25 per |thus spoiling her fence,
"~ | Bondy’'s cattle had ths run of the. two

pastures, and she Was deprived of

iad a mow fence |wich steset, Amherstburg.

taken oath.

     

Mooney could not take tho repairs
out of the rent dve, but m'ga: bring
an action to recover the amount of

tho repairs made,
x —-———

JB i i a a

$ COLCHESTER SOUTH %

foodie

Miss Maud Richards, of Detroit, 18
visiting Mrs. John Birch,

Mrs. Allan Howle is down with an |
attack of typhold fever. °

Miss Margaret Craig, of Detroit, was
a week-end visitor at her home.

Mrs. Roscoe Tofflemire spent Tues.
day with her mother, Mrs. John Fox.

Miss Eliza Bell, of Windsor, spent a
tew days a guest.of Misses Hackett.

Miss Beatrice Howle gave up her
position in Walkerville and returned
home.

Mrs. William Iler, of Detroit, spent
a week with her parents, Mr. and Mrs.
Bissell. .

Mrs. Sprengel and* daughter Marie
are guests of her sister, Mrs. Daniel
Snider, this week.

Miss Clara Herniman has returned
home after spending a week with rel-
atives in Wopdsor. $

Grapes for Sale.—Commencing next
Tuesday, October 2nd. at Jas. B. Mur-
ray’'s, Bast Hdrrow,

Mr. and Mrs. Frank Morin attended
the funeral of his sister, Mra: Flynn,
in London, Thursday.

Mts, John Fox sustained severe in-
juries by falling from a chalr on which

she was standing, one day Inst week.

Two shirt waists were lost between
Harrow and Matthew Matthews. Find-
er will please leave them at W. R.
Boyce's store.

Miss Lilias McKillop, a former
teacher at Webb's school houses
married at Dutton, last week, to Clar-
ence McLean, of that place. :

C. Cullen, of Leamington, erected
a beautiful monument in Brfe ceme-
tery, Tuesday, to the memory of the

late Mrs. Thomas H. Ferriss.

All .parties owing for work done in
Colchester cemetery are requested to
settle for same at once, before their
accounts are placed in the hands of a
collector.

R. Gatis, former teacher in S. S. No.
2, is now employed as principal of a
geven-room school at Southampton.
His friends here are plensed to learn
of his success.

Harvest; Home services will be held
in St, Alban’s church next Sunday,
morning and evening. Messrs. Ma-
dill and Thomas will assist in the
musical partiot the service.

During the past week Herhért Rich-
ardson sold the Wheeler Richardson
farm of 62 acres to Willlam J. Goulin,
| possession to be given in November.
Mr. Richardson will likely locate in
Harrow. . 3 x

Mrs. (Rev.) John, Radford, of
Smithville, Is visiting here, having
come. expressly to see her aunt, Mrs.
"Murray; sr, who met with®a serious
accident last week. The aged lady is

steadily falling.
Jenarean Park, of Ann Arbor, Mich.,

tormerly of Colchester South, left
for army service at Camp Custer,
Battle Creek, September 19th. Wm.
Park, a brother, left Bayord, Neb,
gome time ago, for the front. Mrs.
Park is proud of her sons; who are
willing to serve thelr country. 3
Forest Pettyplece and Miss Nella
‘Pottypjece, Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Rich-
ardson and son Carl, Clifford
Perry Pettypiece motored in two cars
to Wauchope, Sask., last Sunday, 60
miles, returning the same evening all

 

 

 

 

  
  

     
 

 
 
  
  
  
 
 
   
    
  
  
   
 

 

among the bountiful crops in. Sas-
katchewan.

_ Fred. Woods; of Amherstburg, is de-
livering hard coal at tho Colchester
dock, salvaged from the Filer wreck.
Over fifty tons have already been un-
Residents of the
are, very glad to avall

   
   
 
   

    
  

   
  
   

lake front

 
 

     
  
   
   
     
   

W. C. Cornwall, of “Locust Grove,”

while Mr. |has rented his farm for a term of

yoars to Dolph Bondy, and has
purchased the property of
,| (Captain) Edward Maguire,

    

home In Walke

ville the middle’ of Octaber.

His Honor held that the award was
good, but it ought to be amended, to
make both parties pay half of the

aboot

 

    
 
  
   
  
    
 

ands

in good cheer, after -a day's outing,

 

there-

: pine, three weoks ago, and severely | J
‘injure his foot, is now improving and{

which they expressed great pleasure
on recelving. The happy function
closed with lunch served by the young
ladies. Mr. and. Mrs, Bissell expect
to move to Harrow after the Fair.
They recently sold their farm to Gil-
bert Morin, and took his property in
Harrow partly in exchange. They
had lived in their present home for
356 years.

The Deslippe neighborhood-was the
scene of a pretty wedding on Tues-

\day, the bride being Miss Edna, only

daughter of Ell C, Deslippe, the groom
Milford, only son of Miles Graveline,
of Windsor. The ceremony was per-
formed at S*, John the Baptist church,
Amherstburg, by Rev. Fr. Donnelly.
The bride was very attractive attired
in a navy blue sult, with hat to
match. She was attended by the
groom's sister, Rose Graveline, also
dressed In navy blue. Carl Bondy was
best man. The bridal party came to
Mr, Deslippe's for dinner, and were
greeted by over thirty relatives and
friends, who helped them spend the
afternoon joyfully and participated in
an all night's dancing party. Mrs.
Graveline is deservedly popular and
received many beautiful and useful
presents. They are spending a short
time at her home before taking up
their residence in. Windsor. The
Echo, joins with other friends in
wishing them much hapiness.
Zion.

Roy Heaton is preparing.to build a
sllo.—S. S. No. 18 is advertising for
a teacher, the present: teacher, Miss
Downey, having to resign on account
of {ll health,—>Mr. and’ Mrs. Oliver’
Abbott received word that their son,
Sydney, was wounded in France, hay-
Ing sracelved a fracture of one of his
legs.—Orillian Allen 8 loading some
cars of hay at Arner station this
week.—Next Sunday will be Rally
Day fn Zion Sunday school, commenc-
ing at 3 o'clock instead of 2. Every-

body welcome. —Quite a number at-
tended Essex fair Jast week and with
hardly an exception everyone called it
a very poor show, considering what it
should be as the county fair. In our
opinfon several of the fairs held ind
the county should be dispensed with,
for Instance Windsor holding a four-
day fair and Leamington three days,
when they are mérely race meotings.
Have one good county fair and hold it
for a week, then the exhibitors can
go home. As it {8 gne.or two exhib-
{tors go to each one, where if there
were only ono good county fair all

  

would go and make it worth while.—|
Mrs. D. Balkwill and daughter Flor-|g,

   
 

ence spent the wegk-end * visiting
triends in the city.—Among those
who attended Windsor District Meet-,
{ng held at Essex on Friday list, trom
this, place were J. R.. Balkwill, Mrs.
Stend and dnugiter Flossie, William
Rawson and Geo, Higgins.—Mr. and
Mrs. Andrew Wright spent Sunday
at the home of George Higgins.

Beem ent
GOSFIELD. SOUTH.

 

; Arner.

There passed away on Thursday
morning, the 20th, Many. daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. George Eede, having
been an invalid all her life. She was
born April 6th, 1884, and was thus in
her 34th year. When thirteen months
old she fell from a high chair, which
caused her affliction and on two oc-
casions had convulsions which lasted
for - twelve consecutive hours.” For
several months past she had gradual
ly become weaker, and the end came
very peacefully. The funeral took
place on Friday at her home, services
being conducted by the Rev. T.
Frears, of the Harrow Baptist church,
Interment taking place in the Baptist
cemetery, Iler Settlement. . : The
pallbearers were Leslie Malott, Fred.
Smjth, Herbert Stephens, John Har-
ris, Irn Stephens and Albert Fox.

* The body of unknown man was
found on the bi , one day last week,
opposite W. Battson's farm by some
of the men who were assisting at Mr.
Battson's threshing, There was noth-
ing on the body by which to identify
iit, and by order of the coroner, Dr.
(Jenner, it was buried on the farm

   
   
  
   
  
  
     
   
 
  
  
 

 

   

  
  

   
  
  
   
   

   
  
 
   
 

d-| where found. —Quite a number of | $¥
Mr. and | people fron the lake attended the re- |

Mrs, Cornwall’ will have an auction [coption given the new Baptist pastor
ot Harrow, last Thursday evening.—

after as they can get affairs settled R. Bede, who had the misfortune. to

 
     

 

foll from a stack by the ladder slip-

  

  

   
            
     
     
       
    
  
 

 
 
 
  

 

  
    
     
         
 
 
 
  
 
   
 
   
 
  
   
 

   

    
 
  
 
   
   
 
 
    

 
 

any kind of Whole or Ground- Spices in fine
quality. Bottles, Wax for-Sealing Bottles and
White Wax in Cakes. /

 

 

E. F. DARBY, HARROW.
DRUGGIST OPTICIAN STATIONERY

NOTARY PUBLIC:

 

 

 

Pickling Time.

is here and we are, as usual prepared to provide your
PICKLING ‘NECESSITIES. = A full line of Spices,
ga Very best Cider Vinegar. FK=" White Wine Vinegar

Cans, Rubbers, Rings, &c. We will be pleased to supply you

“Home of Good Eats” W.S.T.B.
HARROW Phone 5

 

ADD VALUE TO YOUR HOME,

Lay Hardwood Floors in Your Living Room,
Dining Room and Bed Rooms.

Spend a few dollars doing this and
you will add at least $500 to the value

 

of the house.

 

Come and ~Inspect our Samples.”

 

 

HARROW, :

 

 

 

EE a
Everybody that Appreciates Good Furniture Will
_ Find Much to Admire Here—
Especially Just Now.

We've added to our stock quite a "tr ti new arti-

   

cles. Putina lot of New Rockers, some Dining Room
and some Bedroom | Furniture, some pavtiéularly fine
Library Tables.and other things—so now our invitation’ to
see them, is out and it includes you. -

Our stock of 4-yard wide Linoleums includes the best
patterns to be had. Call and see them.

 

Victrolas and Records Always in Stock
5». Here are Some Special’ Prices
’ on Victrolas.

I—Victroln $21.00, and Cabinet §
and. 10 double faced records, 38 50
Sut S

" $59.00

IT—Victrola, regular prica $40,
III—Victrola $80, Cabinet and $82.50

  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
   
  
 
   
   

  

teensskseasvnsas

     

   
 

   

Cabinet and 10 records, for
10. records fOr...e.cricecess

Special Prices on Gerhard Pianos
for the next 50 Days.

 

 

= Our prices are right, our overhead expenses are very
light, hence'wé can quote lower prices than ‘you can get

anywhere in the County. *.- ’ .

J. H. Madill & Co. - "5"

  

   
   

 

ONT.

 

walking with the ald of.a crutch and

stick—Mr. and Mri

drew

right, of Harrow, spent Sunday at

Gorman attended th

na’. —Mra. J, W. Crich-

F. H. FERRIS

 

   
    
    
   
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
 
     
           
    
   
     
   
     
  
 

 

  

    

    
 
  
    
  
 
   

   
  
  

     
     
     
   
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
    
  
     

  
