  

 
 

   
    
   
     
   
     
   
  
  
   
    
 
  
 
    
 
   
  
  
  
   
 
  
 
 
  
   
    
 
 
  
   

 

 

 

 

- accompanied by a
dian, The act was passed by Congress

love.

 

 

 

This is the season when women Who sew buy bolts of fine
Nainsook and Longecloth and make all the dainty lin

 

In the embroidery shop are all the fine Edgings and Flounc-
ings, Allover Embroideries, Insertions, and every type of em-
broidery that a woman could use on her dainty underthings, as

well as for baby clothes.

Corset Cover and Skirt Embroideries in blind eyelet and
Jace effects, Sic and 39¢ a yard. ;

gerie they \

 
 

Perhaps long ago knit under-
wear was considered an unin-
teresting necessary part of one’s

Baby Flouncings with ruffle or scalloped edges 85¢ a yard. BL
attire. Not so now.
“ GQaveral special models for large women, mostly made of small striped Ginghams, which, | \ Manufacturer's have learned

WASHABLE of Priv give a tendency to slimness, $1.50 to $3.50.

The Aprons,

 

Hi.

The Store with
the---

Everything that
Service.

 

 

wife what grocery you should patronize.

a first<lnss Table Supply House carries, plus the Auto
That should decide yon in our favor when talking over with your

JE————-

which can be worn as house dresses, are varied, well cut, of good washable,

: E lasting materials. .
DRES 8° > Attracting particular attention now are the Munition Aprons—a fad started in this country

 

 

that women love the most ex-
quisite daintiness and finest
tailoring, trimmings,
and attractive, on even so Qr-

simple

| dinary a garment as a knitted
=| vest or union suit.

 
 

 

ERY

Now shouldn't it?

Delicious line of Fresh Vegetables every Saturday.

 

J. H. LOVEGROVE

Phone 8, Amherstburg, Ont

GROCER SPECIALIST.

 

mal Bedi
" MOWN AND COUNTY.

* —Capt. Frank Auffret is on the sick
—Good Friday is on April 6th, and
Easter Sunday April Sth. Noe is the
e for your Easter advertising.
He ot a buns for Good Friday.
Get your orders in early. Curtis, the

baker.
— Mr. and Mrs. Noble Trimble and

daughter, Mrs. Wyrick, of Det:roit,
en guest at William Trimble's over
Sunday. :

— The Girls of the Allies will make
another collection of old papers on
Saturday. Please have them ready

when they call

—A «pleasant: Sunday afternoon by
the Bible Class Soclety of the First
Baptist church March 25th, at 3.15.
Everybody welcome.

—Dr. Beeler, of Detroit, hns been
in town a few days this week, com-
pleting arrangements {or the erection
of his summer home st.Erie Beach.

—Close to eight huteared invalided
soldiers arrived in Quebec on Monday
from Halifax, The list includes S.
Hosking and C. R. Beckerson, of Wind-

7 BOT.

—Miss Josephine Provencher, who
has been the guest of Mrs. Pascal Rea-
ume for a couple of months, return-
ed to her home In Chicago Wednes-
297 at a meeting of the Kingsville
Driving Club, it was decided to put on

-a celebration Thursday, May 24th.
Horse races, base ball and other
sports

— Since Brunner, Mond, Canada, has
got moving, Stewart Taylor, the cus-
toms officer, is nearly run off his legs.
The Government should furnish him a

hone and anrauto,
Ph Sitiow &. Smith, Amherstburg

ocers, are into the geme Strong.
heir list of specials for Friday, Sat-
urday and Monday reads like reducing
Rhe cost of living. See their advt. on
Bae ry Heaton; of Colchester
South, has purchased the Lewis Mero
property on Bathurst street, and will
move to town next week, having dis-
posed of his interests In his farm in

that townshipito his sons
— At thé recent sittings of the Divis-

fon Court at Amherstburg the only
case heard was that: of the AM. C."R.
ve: John Fraser The other cases
were adjourned to come up for hearing
in the Judges' Chambers on Wednes-

y next.

8) The officials of Grace Methodist
church, ‘Essex, are arranging for the
installation of electric apparatus from
the pulpit to the seats of members
who “through deafness are unnble to
hear the minister. A large addition
has been made to the membership of
the church as a result of the recent
-

zevival, Thomas White, Canada’s Min-
ister of Finance, announced on Tues:
day that subscriptions thus far to the
Dominions new war loan indicated it
would be exceeded. “It would not sur-
prise me,” he added, “if this Issue
proved to be Canada’s most spectacu:
lar financial achievement.” Sir Thomas
expressed a hope that the loan would
not go, chlefly to the larger money in-
stitutions, but that smaller ones and
persons with meager savings would
subscribe. a;

— Miss - Jennie Johnson, R. N., ac
cepted for overseas services in British
hospital work, was in town Wadnes-
day bidding farewell to relatives and
friends. Her worth end patriotic de-
wotlon were fittingly recognized by
theiDaaghters of the Empire, who pre-
gented her with a Chapter pin end
an honorary life membership; the
Girls of the Allies, who gave lier a
box of linen handkerchlefs, end the
W. M. S. of Wesley church, whose gift
was a beautifully engraved bar pin,
Mony gathered at the car to bid her
good-bye. She expects to sail on Mon-
dn;

stillness and steamship ticket

? agents are fn receipt of a communi

cation announcing that on May 1st

_ next 8 head tax of $8 on each person

golng into the United States will be
exacted’ by the U. §. A. immigration
authorities. The only persons exempt
are children under 16 years of age,
parent or guar

on February Tth- and becomes ef-
fects Ro he as date.

the amount 1s collected by

 
   
   
  
     
  
 
 
  

 
   
  

   
   
   
     
   
    
  
  
   
   
   
     
  
 
 

—Richard Ibbotson, of Chicago, for-
merly with the Molsons Bank, is pay-
ing a welcome visit to friends here
this week.

—2,000 bushels of very fine Western
oats just received. We also have a
large supply of shorts and corn. C.
Wigle & Sons, Amherstburg.

—Aliss E. A. Lott, of the"High school
staff, was in London on Monday bid-
ding farewell to her brother Sergt.
Lloyd Lott, before he leaves for over-
Seas.

—Mr. and Mrs. F. P. Seratch were
in Toronto for a few days last week,
Mr. Scratch going as delegate to at-
tend the annual convention of the
Canadian Home Circles.

—Extensive repairs and {mprove-
ments are being made in‘the Bellhopse
residence prior to {ts occupancy by
C. S. Glenn, engineer jin charge of the
Brunner, Mond construction work.

—J. AW. Richardson, who has been
asspeinted with L. T. Bray in suryey-
ing operations in the west, during the
past two seasons, and in his oflice ut

donned the colors and left Friday to

join an aviation corps. 5

—Wednesday, the 21st, first day of
spring, came in behutitully warm and
bright. The roads througiout the
county, whicn have been almost im-
passible for a. we=2k, are drying up
rapidly and in gome places where the
drainage {8 good municipal rcrapers
are already at work. .

—The Southeast Shoal” (lightship
Falken is receiving a thorough over
hauling at the Boorse (Mich.) ship
yards. The’ steamer was badly twist-
od aft¥¥ her fight with the ice last
fall. The damage has been repaired
and will cost $4,000 or $5,000, and the
steamer will be ready to be pluced on
the shoal when she Is wanted. - The
boat is in.about the most exposed. pos
sition on the lakes.

— Evangelist Hanley closed his cam-
palgn in Windsor -Sunday night with
a big meeting for ‘men only. - Three
services were held during the day,
and it Is estimated that eight thousand
persons heard the evangelist, , The
five weeks’ work done in Windsor has
netted $2,900 In cosh and 1,635 con-
verts, and those in charge of the move-
ment express their satisfaction The
Fisher party will open a series of
ravival meetings at Sarnia, beginning
Tuesday morning.

—The A. Y. P. A. held a very Inter-
esting session Wednesday night in the
schodl room Among those taking
part were Miss Pearl Cornwall with
topic, “The young man Saul”; Misses
Knopp and Park, vocal duety Miss
Edith Thomas, “St. Paul, his life and
letters”; solo, Thelma Knapp. It was
decided to hold “Church Study” in-
stead of lterary and musical meeting
next Wednesday night, assigned thus:
Lord's Table, Miss M. Park; Holy
Vessels, L. Hamilton; Linén, Miss M.
Hodges. 4

—James_ Malone, 67 years old, resl-
dent and business man of Belle River,
for 30 years, dled Monday morning of
paralysis. Mr. Malone was born in
Niagara Falls,. Surviving him are his
mother, of Nligara Falls; his widow
and one daughter, Mrs. Mae Stewart,
of Detroit: four brothers, John Ma-
lone, New York; George Malone, Chi-
cago, IL; Walter Malone, Windsor,
and Charles Malone, of-Detroit, and
two sisters, Mrs. Alicin Hazelton, of
Niagara Falls, N, Y., and Miss Theresa
Malone, of Niagara Falls, Ont. Funeral
services were held Wednesday morn-
ing under the auspices of the Catholic
Mutual Benefit Association. Mr. Ma-
lone was a brother-in-law of the
Green brothers, well known grain and
produce dealers of Essex, and of A. J.
Green, Windsor. * ¢

—The R: C. Ushers are being con-
gratulated on all sides on the success
of their St. Patrick's card party in-the
Parish Hall, Mondoy night. The place
wang crowded and the committee spar-
ed no pains In seeing that everyone
had a delightful avening. In addi
tion to the card party there was a
musical program consisting of vocal
selections by Misses Onita Ong, Clytie
Mahon, Raymond Tremblay, Austin
Denean, Everett Bertrand, Niles Reu-
ume and Raymond Laferte. Six boys
and six girls of the R. C. school
brought the house down in laughter
with an Irish parade and dialogue. Ten
games were played, the prizes being

mn ns follows: Laa.es’ first, donated

Mrs. A. J. Burns, Miss

  
  

   
   
  
    
     
 
  
  
 

Amherstburg during the winters,’ has

   
    
  
 

    
   
    
   
   

   
    
    
    
   
 

  
 
  

   

—Mrs. Arthur Heeley spent Sunday
and Monday with Mrs. Fraser and
Mrs. Courtney.

—Gordon Colborne, mate, and Al-
bert Westaway, engineer, sre fitting
out the tug John E Monk for spring
work.

—Wm. Fox i8 leaving for Rushville,
Ind,, this week to spend a few days
while his race horse is on the track
there.

—Lennox T. Bray, C £., will remain
home this season, his presen stale of
health not permitting him to rough it
in the west.

—Corn! Corn for everyone! Come
to my place on Bathurst street. Have
just received ‘os. best car of No. 1
corn. W. E. A ain, ‘Phone 55.

—We expect to have 3 or 4 thou-
sand bushels of damaged grain on
hand shortly. ” If you are interested.

kindly phone orders nt ance. C. Wigle |

& Sons, Amherstburg. “Phone 37.

~The Rev. H. A. Wright Is giving |
a Bible reading each Wednesday af-
ternoon at 4 o'clock in the Parish hall.
Lenten service 18 being held each Fri
doy evening in Christ church. ° Next
Sunday evening the rector’s subject |
is “Jesus Christ and the Sacred Ques- *
tion.” ¥

—Paper patrons on the Stokes chil-
dren’s routes showed themselves very
liberal and kindly Monday when the |
little ones were making their daily de-
livery, nearly every person remember:
ing them with cash donations.” If there
are any errors on this route, until
other arrangements are made, call}
phone 65. |

—Though the Detroit papers do not
mention it, a well authenticated re-
port came from that city Wednesday |
that enough dynamite was found nl
the vienity ofithe waterworks and
Packard plants fpt only to put those
places out of existence, but to damage
the whole city. The authorities are
conducting an Investigation; Looks
like a Kaltschmidt- plot.

~—The services at Wesley church
next Sunday will be as follows: —9.30
o.m., Men's Brotherhood; 10 am,
Young People's Class; 10.30 a.m., “The
Meoasage of (he Second Mile, 11.30
a.m., Sunday schoel; 7 p.m. “Life's
Marathon.” The campaign song books
will be used at the evening service.
Rev. A. M, Stuart, B.A., Will preach
both morning and evening.

—In order that the numerous in-
quiries at present being received by
military officials regarding the pro-
pér method of addressing letters and
parcels to Canadian soldiers over-
sens, may be avoided, a notice in
camp order again .publishes the cor-
rect manner of addressing such mail;
and commanding officers are: request:
ed to “post the instructions for the
benefit of all ranks A letter or parcel
should be addressed’ in the followng
order: (t) Regimental number, rank
and name; (b) Unit to which soldier
Jbelongs. (¢) Canadian Expeditionary
Force. (d) Army Postoffice, London,
England.

John W. Bird, an old resident of this

 

 

 

ing following a brief [llness. He was
well up In the seventies: Mr, Bird
was a highly intelligent, = widely
known and deeply respected man.
Forty ears ago he was associated in
the woollen business at Amherstburg
with J. E. Brown under the firm name
of “Brown & Bird.” The" mill was"
moved from tlhiere to Ruthven, and
Jater to Kingsville, where the re-orgon-
fed firm became Brown, Wigle & Co.
Mrs. Bird died two years ago, but he
Is survived by three children—DMiss
Myra, teacher on Windsor Public
school staff; Miss Laura, teacher in
Kingsville, and Clarence, of Walker
ville. Old friends throughout - the
county regret to hear of his demise.

—On Saturday the girls of the. “T.
T.” Club entertained for the Red
Cross at a St. Patrick tea for which
Mrs, Alex. Park kindly loaned her
home. The house was decorated in
regulation Irish style, the color scheme
being green and white... Paddy's hat,
the “Dear Little Shamrock” and ¢ven
the Irish pig were seen, and the map
of Ireland showed that the “Ould Sod”
still flourishes green. Tea was served
at small tables, prettily decorated,
lover which ® bevy of busy T. T. girls:
presided: The many callers who vis-
ited the ten rooms hélped to make the
proceeds fourteen dollars, which will
be donated at once to the Red Cross.
The girls of the “T..T.” Club desire to
convey their thanks to those who help”
od to make the affair such a success.

—*“The creditors of John Heard &
Company held a meeting Monday:
John A. Couse was confirmed as
‘assignee, and G. B. Patterson, man-

     
   
   
      

and Gedrge A. Oldrieve, of St. Thom-
as, named as Inspectors. It was, de-
cided to proceed with winding up the
estate, A financial statement. for-
nished "the meeting
showed that the assets of the com-
pany were placed at between $665,000
and $70,000. Of this $39, v
sents realty, including the old tantic
(Park. against which there Is a mort-
gage; $18,000 rep its machine!
ote, and $10,000 s!

placed at
ving .a 1

[it

 
 

town, passed away Wednesday E

   

    
   
 
  
  
    
    
   
     
   

Jok—In Windsor, Thureday, March 15th, | There will bo offered for aalo b
] aw Co mraeliin Malott Quick, aged at Plc o vd Public auction

    
   
     

ager of the Molsons Bank, London, |

by the assignee | ww

ry. | Corn Meal, per
“The liabilities | Wheat, per bu
. | Oats

    
    

  
 

 
     
   
   
      
   
            
       

 
     

 

REAL ESTATE FOR SALEGROCERY

I will sell a limited number of ALots—5 acres and upwards—

ADJOINING THE BRUNNER, MOND COMPANY during the
next 30 days. :

This is the choicest location available. .
Township Taxes—Town Privileges—Ready to Sub-divide.

A “chance to get in on the ground floor.
Terms to suit purchasers.

FRANKLIN A. HOUGH
AMHERSTBURG :

Auction SALE -
—OF—

Farm Stock and Implements.

BUCIN AN - In Colchester South, on Sunday, | There willbe sold by public auction at Lot
March 16th. the w ifo of Mr. Geo. Buchanan, | 13 River Frout. Malian. (the James Laferty
Farm, three miles below Amherstburg, on

‘| Monday Next, March 26th, 1917

CouLiys—In Sandwich South, 8 Ve
oLLIYS—In Sandie uth. Sanday. March The Following:

11th, the wife of Mr. Jerry Collins. of axon.
Deti~In Maidstone, Tuesday. March 13th HORSES—Lhorse. six years, 130 pounds: 1
HN * | horse, five years old. 1500 pounds ; mara colt

the wife of Mr. George Dell. of a son.
. , 4 th n X00 >
FAvon—In Comber, Thursday, March 1st, the Ion 10. 12 puis; mare, Hine Yours

wife of Mr. Albert Favor, of a daughter, CATTLE: -2 fresh va. 0 1d. with
Grivvix=In Gosfleld North, Monday, March calf; 1 cow. 6 years old. with Jona ol Lit 5

12th, the wife of Mr. Howard Griffin, of | y :
lh Mop years old. with calf : 1 heifer, 3 years old, with

GuerN—In Essex, Saturday, March 10th, the
wife of Mr. A. Green, of a daughter.

HitL—In Maddstono. on Saturday. Magch 3rd,
tho wife of Mr. Toblas Hill. of » son. - CHICKENS—185 chickens (cash).

HunTtER~ In South. Wood=lee, on Monday MACHINERY—1 Frost & Wood bi
= Tr | : \ A . NERY— indor :1
March Jath, the wifool Mr. John Hunter. | McCormick corn binder: 1 Frost & Wood
Herer—In Tilbury West." Saturday. March
5th, the wife of Mr, A, Heiser, of a daugh-

 

 

 

BIRTHS, -

BoweniNG~In Leamington, Friday. March
1th, the wife of Mr. Charles Bowering. of
son. “

BezAairg—In Andcerdon. Tuesday, March 26th,
the wite of Mr. Felix Bozaire, of a daugh-

 

of a son.
The child dled on Tuesday.

calf; 1 heifer. 10 mos old ; 1 bull calf 3 mos old.

SWINE—1 brood sow, coming in. In April:
1 brood sow ; 2 brood sows ; 12 bute 4] ore
pigs 100 pounds,

     
   
  
   
    
 
  
   
  
     
         
           
      
  
      
 
 
  
 

 

ultivators ;
! +1 Deering
tor.” MAnure spreader ; 1 “Bure-Drap” corn planters
Inwix—In Gostlold North, Thursday.’ March | #et drags; 2 Windsor dixcs (in throw and out
Sth, the wife of- Mr. Ezra E. Irwin, of a | throw! : 1 stone boat : 1 “Maple Leaf” twor
daughter. ' furrow plow walkin plow: 2 funni milla;
McLean—In Wheatley. on Thursday, March si) GEBUILEE 5:1 corn shellcr.
15th, the wifv of Mr. George MeLean. of a ONS AND BUGGIES—1 wagon, with
daughter. 1 nd pli rack combined ; 1 wagon. with

ne © ’ 1 pair bob-sleighn ; 2 open bug-
QueeN—In Cottam. Wednesday, March 1ith, ~OV Fir ALL» «
the wifeof Mr. E. J. spn! ln Ries Logverd bogey ; 1 dump cart 1 cutter;

chicken fi Bb; $
STOCK WEL. —In Goafleld South. -6n Sunday. [1 elod orush, FE fNONI ST cullly poniy

March 15th. the wife of Mr. Alvin Stook- | “TOOLS Forks. shovels, spades, crowbar
well, of a daughter. log chaink, hammers, saws, chisols and var
Stock wiLL—In Marvea, Sunday. March 11th, | lout other articles too numerous to mention,
the wife of Mr. Ernest Stockwell, (nee 0
Mins Pearl Willan), of a son, &%® | half bushel crates : 1 hog scalding pan : 1 cast
Sinasac—At MeGregor. Sunday. March 18th, | iron t :2large hogrihead casks; 2 water
the wife of Mr. Ferman Sinasac, of a |barrelail 10-bushel box ; 2 cross cut saws: 1
dnughter. wheelbarrow : 2 soythex ; 1 post auger; 1
Towseexp—In, Detroit, Sundry. March’ ith, | WALer trough (enlvanized).
ho wife of Mr. Guy Townsend. of Kings | GRAIN AND HAY —Abaut 5 baskets of soed
ville, of a daughter. oats; about 1756 bushels of oats ; 350 busheln of
2 : s | feed corn : 10 bushels of seed corn ; 2bushelx of
Evergreen sweet corn seed ; 6tans of clover
bay : 8 tons of timothy hay. « ~ 3

Sale to eommence at 12 noon. Sharp,

  

MARRIAGES.
ARMTRONG == MOCALLUM — At Glencoo. on

Wednesday. March 1ith, Mr. Lorne Clifford | Termsa—All sums at H
Armstrong, 3 A pth Me] Lo Miss Mar-{ over that Amount nine ii LL

sarot McCallum. of Glencoe; formerly | furnishing approved joi >
teacher in Mepsea. interest, or six per cong il for hout
COLENUTT Russsri—-At tho Methodist Par- | 00 sums entitled to credit.
sonage at Choring Cross, on \Wednesdny, | CLARK & A’ N.
March Lith, by Rev, J, E ‘Hunter. Mr, A TILN
George Colenutt Jr. of Colchester North,
to Miss Hanndh Russell, of Charing Cross,
InwiN—HurcmiNsSAt tho home of the bride's
greats, in Loamingten.on Wednesday,
March 1ith, by Rav, J. 8. Lockie, Mr John
Irwin, of Essex, to Miss Gertrude Hutchins,
of Leamington.
MANSELL — BERUBE — At the homo of: the
bride. Saturday. Masch 17th. by Rov, R. J.
Le ir. Arthur Mansell. of Blenheim. to| There will bo sold by Publie’ ‘Auction at

larion Clare.daughterof Mr. Goo fi
Barube, of Chatham, 3 & a Re panera ned feddence, King Bi.. South,

hp)
— STICKNEY — AU St, Andrew’
 Windud on Satay. MARIOS, Saturday, March 31st, 1917

Tho followi;

H. M.Paulin, Mr. i L wa ars. ne:
2 ol Pear), daughtérof | HORSES—1 grey m 1 yours old ; 11
A. Stickney. of Loatilogton. > | hore, 11 years old: 1 iroh Grey yam rit or)
a =| ing 4 yi 1 binck mare Gon coming 1 year
DEATHS. 1 rou} FroY nai colt, coming threo yre. old,
4 CA’ ) :
Bro —1n Kingsville, Wednesday, March 21st. | 6 year old ; 1 Tao cow pling due in May,
BRA Av Merges. on Saturday. March | ans Sob LLANEOUS — ouebore wagons
pe, 2) y « SIA ¥ .
17th, Daniel Breeill, aged 6 year- Fo noated bunts + | hooky 1 open buggy;
Banxes—In Sand w Kuesdny, March 20th. | 1 road cart (new
Leonard, son of . A

 

   
 

Propriétor.

  

 

Aurion SALE
Live Stock, Implements, &c,

    
  
 
 
   

    
     

  

  
 

ump cart and h 0
d Ypdir bob alolghs. Kood a
roes, aged 16 | new ; one disc : 2 set fron barrows : 1 grinder
years. one or Lwo horse power: Lcutting bo
Cooren—1n Walkerville, 8h Thursday, March Dore plowy 1 two-horse plow

15th, William W. Cooper, formerly of | Abovel plows : 1 singlo shovel plow
Harrow, nged & years. x horse ciiltiyator ; Fdenblo sols harnege ptr
Doxpax—In Kingsville, noaday, March] JLig]c harness, 3 log chains and “other

1th, Jax Dunham, in the 3st year of hisage. 8 slo on P.M. Sharp

Bal
ForTikn—1n Amherstburg, Sunday. March | TERMS—AIl sums :
18th, Edward W. Fortier. in tho Vath year over that amount NY ees als
© ofhisage. + furnishing approved joint notes or six -por
GioNac—In Andesdon, Friday, March 161 he COI por Sonn off for cash on sums entitled
Albert H. Gignac, eldest sobiof Mr. Hilaire | 67 SCE ATKIN.

  

   
  
    
  
      
   
   
  
    
  
   
   
  
  
  
   
    
    

  
  
  
   
    
 
  
 
 
 

Gignac, syed 33 youre. LEWIS AMLIN,
gi ove, on Star, arn ——— stn on
, James years. |
ManesTrTTR—In Sandwich East, oh Monday, Auction SALE
March 10th, Mew Clafus Marcbtette, aged or

 
  

   
   
   
 
     
   
   
  
 
 
   
  
  
  

Prosizau—Tn Amilerstburg
15th, Mrs. Henry Primeavu, in the
of his age.

9 yours. : 7
Thurso. March Farm Stock, Implements, Le,

 

84 yoars.
Suea—In Walkerville, Sunday, March 15th,
Mrs. Mary Shed, aged 53 years.

BiMpPsoN—AL Loth 0 Hospital. Alberta,
Mondiy, March 18th, ¥Edison Simon. off |

   
  
   

of LoL Ni LR y
Just above iver on: Road  ANDERDON 3

Saturday, March 3st, 1917.
La The following:

   

   
     

Wheatley, aged 35 years. ~ nr, Saniiug 6 yours on 31 #0
SMaLL—1n Gostleld Tuosday. March a x and lat rac
ith, Mrs. Nop A Fi mista planter; 1.4;

  
   
 
 
   

SPENOLER—In

[or hot bod: I cement,
[4 . loles: too

© Bale. ataris al 1 olock P.
: All Jama ator. ul LIE

under $101.00 ansh ;
Amoup: 10 mo! .
ry ABAt ” i mths credit on furnish

py ' %. OF 6 DOF coll
a Sed

! arch a
dar argh

M ry £

MISCELLANEOUS—{ seta doublotrees ; 30 |

  
  
    
 
   
     

   
   
   
     
    
      
        

CHAS, R. HACKETT, |;

 
     
 
   
 
      
  
    
   
    
     

  
   
  
  
  
  
    
   

     
    
   
  
  
   
  
    
   
    
 

oT
i wot d har n . >
13th, ) re Soultivators Wo oT OTT he E
pe tock ne

 
 
 
 

   

SPECIALS

     

FRIDAY, SATURDAY AND MONDAY.

Large ROBIN HOOD 25¢

FINEST/CANADIAN APPLES,

No. 1 stock, 388c

Gallon tin ...icecenenee

   

ROLLED OATS, per pk
TILLSON'S ROLLED OATS"

           

  

       
  

  
  

      
       
      
       
     
     

 

PUMPKIN, regular 20c tin 3 Per Large : §
3-tb, can for........... 18c PRE. aan cere 28c¢ 3]
PEARS, regular 20c tin, GOLD SOAP, 4
Tor Er 15C [5 8s WHITE NAPTHA SOAP, | 3
| a
CHERRIES, Regular 20c 5 Bars €) hl |
I AN A SS ae 15¢c OF noice iin . 25¢. \
CORN, WHITE GLOSS STARCH %,
Maple Leaf Brand. ..... 15¢ ..1 >. pkge., 3 for...... 26¢ 4] !
PEAS, McLAREN'S JELLY POWDERS, .
Maple Leaf Brand...... 156¢c 3 pkges. : 5c i
BEANS, for, I . 28 l
Maple Leaf Brand...... 15¢ Pint Glass 25 A
TOMATOES, : 20c¢ SEALER COCOA. ..... tvs C 3
Maple Leaf Brand...... Regular or
HEINZ ITALIAN STYLE SPAGHETTI| 30c COFFEE......... AA Cc |
Cooked ready to serve. Regular

35¢c COFFEE.... .

Can 13,17,25 SIRE

   

 

 

a ane Regular
ey SALMON, “ 40c COFFEE. .....csrss 35¢c
a
CAN. Ve or iene ais nena 18c Our Own Special Brand of
o STEEL CUT COFFEE,
Sole 98¢C| Regular 23.
RED SALMON BT Half. 1h. Ting.......... 5 b
: Regular 45¢ isn X
Half 1 9 3
CHR. ae 15¢ One 1. Tins.........., 6c :
One 1b = GUN POWDER TEA, $e
rl TIT GA pg Pat 26c¢c Regular 40c., 5
Large Bottle 25 perib......... sa aipenay y C 4
S REX CATSUP......... . Cc Regular 40¢c. BLACK

 

1 38¢ |
50c

TEA, per M: fuezs... feelin
25¢c GREEN 5%: 5

Small Bottle TEA,"per Wm... cove...
REX CATSUP, for... | DOC Regular 0c. BLACK
5 Ibs. Fresh

 

 

ROLLED OATS........
Large PURITY ROLLED Regular 606, ;
OATS, per pkge........ 26¢/ £3 I ier re ns via ein 50c

CRITICS SAY

‘We've a knack for picking out pretty Wall Papers.
allow us to prove it?

Won't you call and yl

BARLOW & SMITH |

 

 

 

  
    

Investigate the Merits of our.

pring Lines

And then we know you will say, as many others have done, that the |
Spring Goods are simply lovely, embodying all the styla features of |
the season, coupling good values with right prices, and with the ‘wide
range of prices which our customers enjoy, makes this season's sh
ing of particular interest to all wanting Spring Goods. .

And then you will need some of the

NEW SILKS, in all the latest designs and colorings
NEW TRIMMINGS to match the New Dress Goods
NEW PRINTS that surpass every previous year
NEW GINGHAMS that give the best of satisfaction
NEW WHITE VOILES In’ large variety of weaves
NEW LINENS that spell satisfaction to the user
NEW COTTONS that are below market values

NEW EMBROIDERY from the best manufacture
NEW HOSIERY, the best value obtainable
NEW GLOVES, the kind with ‘a guarantee
NEW COLLARS, RIBBONS, LACES, ETC.

F. P, Scratch.

AMHERSTBURO, ONTARIO.

      

 

   
     
     
 
 

   
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
   
   
    
 
  
  

 

    
  
  
   
   
   
    

v

       
     

¥y
»

        

Notice to Local
Bean Acr cage

The McGregor Canning Pac or,
acres of Wax and Ref % Facto :
sition for faraier with family
summer vacation. fe]

Wewill also co
Berries, Peaches,

   
   
  

 
 
 
 

 

  
