| Barnol

J tiony

COUNTY TREASURER’
Sale.of Lands for. Taxes a :/Gek the right start.dn;lte; The D. B. U. us| many fine opportunities

p baeoat a fod: 4 ARAL opening) to ‘thors who! thoroughly) prepare.’ The school that has trained
cain, br BS, ; Ait thong atictdlstill/ taslneds “Mel and’ women’ than any other school fn ‘Mich.
hy virtue of a O\rtue of a warrant under the hang | J580- Affiliated with the Sfichighn’ State Normal| School and accredited
Sa veal oF tho gr Wapiennt A £0 County, +y=0f:RuBox end 4 by the National’ ~Association of Accredited Commercial : Schools.

Pear, date
he ah of THERES aD 1017, and
re)

10 "levy
fk 3 desc ribed
od thereon

ph Hr Hab By

"Jordy gle Holes er: Ride

Jah Jer oy nog - ka:

® A bil gh tris |
TH

Detroit Business Wniversity

61-83-65-67-69 West Grand River Ave., DETROIT.

th wit

oe A

and That the list Is being p!
fn he_ Ontario othe She
22nd and 20th ge

the fon SaY Sut gor Sl

San i
nT at the hour 5% i hh in
orenoon at the Council C! x
1. House In the Town of,

County of Essex, RG to sell

pags bo of 0 fot of oo itor a

arrears dng charged thergon
a fg Gp at

or Bad TO Sin TEN 0
v Treas: 5 Coun rary

tad at Sandsyol this ini ady or Sep
er, 1017, y

rr

FLOWERS

AA
NL there & occasion to send a message of such
"fonder sentiment that it can only be expressed in Flowers.
11 Mifare constantly taking advantage of this means
of expressing your love, gratitude, esteem or friendship.
43 Do you realize that it is to your advantage to place
: your order for Flowers with a reliable Florist.
We! guarantee tht the most simple FLORAL OFFERING
sexeauted(byluswild be worthy of its purpose.

“46-18 Ouellette Ave., Windsor
Phones 348-338-460

 

 

ye to" Miles’ $10,000.00 16 Nd in
of |T Stone or . 4
f | FA A 8) ow ty provide for orkid Work, in the Township of Colchester South, In the
ch p Cluncil rit wl pally or diql Tee Count A West, arid (for borrowing on the credit of the Munloinatity 1h the sum of
of Sho Tile Drainage Act, enacis as fol- Twa/Thdupmd; on Hunddes and Eighty Dollars for completing
low: — at pal Proyisicaallyl Miopted the 1st day of September, A. D. 1917.

Whereas. the mAJority in number of tha resident and non-resident owners (exclusive

That the Reeve ma from | mo to
Tio ng sublect to the pre aby of this By- | of farmers® sons npt actual owners), as shown by the last rovived ‘Assessment Roll] of

TOW i i Ay Ihe, Corpord” la PPOPETE: | Sons or. 6% forth to belpeneNtied by drainage work, that 13 10 say,
dav whporto tld Whol od ne] Fy no! hit ead ifacting teks 3—16,1n the 6th. Copcession of Colchester
ding on who! pal 0.00, a8 ky South hie Eounéil of tha sald Towsnhip ‘of Colehester, South praying
tormined by the Lit 1, pd 1m! n that aL LL) cession of Colchester South’ may be drained iy means
pr herein: attend ngs viltely, 1§; 4

of the said

er q i
each for the

0 Pa in the 6th

amount $0 Borrowe being 8 person competent for such purpose, of

pod tac hed as Eigtided in Se
4 Tint hen Th Xoo Founcil” still Be of ]

GLE Li Ing a pers
FRET Ting) tho heads abirested for the drains thereof; and of other

s and 5 ph itbio Ho. Phasossment. under Fhe Munich pal. Drainage Act Fads by the |
nio! {any person procured plans, specifications and es! tea of ithe
pian at atl BR of Con- HT 1. Newnan, ane and Lay rs sment 10 be made’ by him of the laos 30d TW hs

} ha’ b) 2800.0f other Jands dnd roads I
0) Ja ir tal ir as hea al Mem Xho proportion of henent, outiyt liability sna
cogncll ‘may. b) , the ]
Ha to 3 debentures Shall bod

It eh, in his opinion, will be derived or incurred in consequence. or
Hid ark by overy jou) or lot a portion FY 3s on
p ding. the | mado being thy assessment Lereinafter by this by-law enacted to he
an A Fla tor, ahd Ho fond Tne ame upon the rods and lots, or parts of lots, Hereinafter if that behalf’ specialty set form
pi! @ applicant on the is ue of the

and described; and the report of the sald J, J. Newman in ‘respect thereof; and of the
BED Works,

sald drainage ‘work being as follows:
8) A special anual rate sh - « i Sandaer Jul aaa 1917.

D levied and Heated aye, JA ‘pajcibal Council of the Township of Colehnster

alljother rates uj EE

whith the said Hones Anni

oa n complisnce with your instructions, I have made an examination, |
Ey draini positioned for by Ira L. GrabAm:and others, and mow report
treat Hy

follows: —
1 commenced my survey of the main drain at fhe Coulter Side Road drain on' the

side of the 12 and 13 Side Road’ at tha blind line in the ‘6th Concession of your
a ahie. Thence 1 followed ghe- course, Pot the present small ditéh along the sald
blind inp to a point about two rods west of the 46 and {7 Side Road. 1 edmmerited

8) ox 0 8 _nonth han hat the south side of the 7th Concession (NOpth Town
Hie Aes . e et he line bofween 1ota 14 and 16. 4

sufftclent for the payment of SR ad
as provided by the Act.

d the 10th ay! of A 1917.

ARLES CLARK, /

% / \ NI IH koa fo HED at Sp g Thence T { Lotlawen)
Y 4 = C1. A ob 0 lang uth to the main drain. | commence urvey
i bvy | ime Ship Lan \t-joins Whe main drain at the line [0 the centre of lot 14.

we

;
Thence 1 followed thedine in the centre of lop 14 south to the north side Hr the 6th
Municipality of the Townenip of Colcher— iT Hoad thence west to oe Coulter Side Road drain. ho land

NOTICE that the above (a a true I find that this area of land 15 at Ron very insdeqiaioly arained. . nd

p seit 18 Ve! fevel from the Coulter 7 68" 1ot 13° an
A 8 By. law assed Dy the Colchastor 14. From This Jast. mentioned point sher how al dip re from the oast a the

so ih par fh heAD ethene 6m 17 NRRLO [Ther is -alaq 8 fair, Kajfn cach of” ne branch drains. from. iho novi to the

ersens are required to ae pores | sout HE
Yahi OH orb 16: ive. @meient dralfsgn (to Me Tands affected, T would recommend hat
nay hid whi HA dil mid a drain with branches of the.form, Size, sfc, ‘Ahown on the dccompunying profile ‘be

constructed where shown on the accompanying plan,
BE of 1 hu ry ity 1 also and that it will ho necessary, qi construct 8 culvert across ‘the/12 and 3

in. twongy: days _ofserigho date of the Side "non. Lani Provided Lon) 1s 4h LY eal as 1s provided for: under sub-

seetfomr 4 of ‘Section I of al ahicip
a publisasion or tis ut I 8lso Nnd that each of the following owners 18 entitled 16 and should receive the

Jills withjj. of MoRth_ after the said following amounts as compan on for ges to lands’ and crops {ir any), and for

dat: This Mobo was 0tss published .on, oe EBT Eon the purposes of a e dral

Gran
},2 1st day of September, 4017, 4nd the 6, owned 3 30.00
pn will be’on the 5th day of i Lok 1 6, oa by Ira L Graham
; 1

N med by Ira ranam 25°00
ber, 1947 1.4 wavs Y orien oy Héwry ‘Bambridge. 5 00
Ol 1 4 Lot {8,°Con. 6, owned by.
- —_— Sel ES Lot 15, Con. 6, owned by A: vanidoup

2000

DOmas; GeAuvre 800 fe
1 i umor 10100
5 L moTeE. | shen ea ni oh 10 '00
Mr wife, Annlo M. Fawell,, having oft 5 : ; & 00
or med an Boar, vi i Ted Li abla % Lh La yipdd far Af i my ctifiates ad 18 provided” 10f undef sub-section
5 uni; rain, ’
forsaty Suits contrasted, Ny, he dl necry St {pin of ‘the cost it the Whole .of the above work, together with alt nel=
ore} Irectly. THAN 8. POWELL, dental expenses 18 oe, “sum of 82,180.00. , Af this amount I have assessed the 1 is
Colftiester South, Sep 1917, [}:wnieh gra benefiterd by or use the said drain as an outlet with the sum ofl 82,145,
Braptiond Roof bead ih SI ron Dodeliaster Souths foe ross. with tho sum of . 825.00, and “he
2 - ‘Township of: EA opie South: for highway bridge with the sum of $4 00,) a8 {8 more
eegy fully set fomtn inthe’ schedule. of sessment hereto attached,
| I would ryrthgr rece nd t work be kept u and maintamed at
Al 0-030 3 f tha’lands Sod] roads n Lorri for 118 construction, and in the, p
vl er ined: untf othe; devérmined by tho ropors of an Sngincer und oF
Z J Jen hin i Munig al Din oat .
ec! »
HUE roa, 14 5 Sk ] A (Stgniod) BRE A NEWNAN,
ngraps, tho sald ,Councjl 4g 0 of opinion that the drainage of ihe area: described
! is a arefofo “tas sala Mudiciphl Y
F ura 10 tho Basi ia  Draliige Ac}, OnAcis’ as: (OllowSs =
, plans, ecingations, asments sEtimAtes Aro  Lekeby
Di, fi rn io PE indlcate hat Tahn Bnall bo) made ana
aatgiy {th i
h Era 0's hip of. Colchester. South may. barro ine
i radit of the. Corpo YO in ot the sald” Township of Colohektor South neta oP Two
v

149]

M. “BROWN; “Agent

{PELEE ISLAND ROUTE

1 and Eighty Dollars, bejng the amount necessary. for
pi may tee itindrod a of the Fan that amount in sums of Pind 1888 than

Day! ads: Trom the date of the sald Debentures
wi hier vk FH a annual

Y
or annum, that {5 to say ten equal
in jeh Debent ge Jones sal Bonk; BAsFOw, and go ave ate fo
py: b fem hi or (ho ints
i

$eon enn THO Sincutt oharged oa sgain
180 d To op -
i hate oft for oat ak Ane Tats

ER baer © Var, d Abuve o diher |

hoc  ™

b 3
fn nl re ord EE ae ae)

i|jand, respectively: pide uf
against each in fot hse FH Shs shalt ba dig) sd Inte
ni

fone TS the al passing o by-law, dusting la

{nave to ru

1
|
I
|

| Thomas Vincent, and

A Chil or the sald Township of (Solcheator South, ||
ba

$1615.00, ihe Re charged Bgalnst the sald Jands
by aie ab 100, the amount charged d Manns; the id Janda 3

ST
Coune || Jat

y Hopton) ber 10th.
A special’ 8

ve and

wr Deslippe.

Moved by Messrs, Barnett and Des-
lippe, the drat reading of a bylaw to
raise $10,000 id in the congue
ie, ol op! ‘Umber
by-thw |jlven

1a

age.
rending.

Moved by Messrs. Deslippe and Bar.
nett, that the 12th rule be suspended
for the despatch of business. —Car-

Rr
i Be coli s1'then Jone into al:com

mittee, of the wholé for the secon
reading of) 8 priaw w with the veey
in’ the gi and the by-law was given
the: second reading. {
Council resumed, for third reading.
o.Moved by Messrs. Banat and Des
lippe, / that the, byrlaw: be given third
ropding~—Carried, and: by- law | read;
passed and adopted. | )
Moved by Messrs, Barnet and Deg:
lippe, ths firat réading of the! Alkethan *
rain Improvement ( Bylaw,—Carried,
and bylaw given 1st redding.

{ Mévéd’ vy ‘Messrs. “Deslipps and
Barnet, that the 12th rule be sus-
pended forthe despatch of businesp.
—Carried.

The, councjl then went into a com-
mittee of the whole with the reeve in
the _chalr for the second reading of
the by-law, and blduks, were filled
and by-law given secqnd reading pnd
provihionally adopted; and the ele
instructed. to have sama published fn
The "Amherstbiirg Echo, the first pub-
lication to be Friday, the 21st day of
September, and that a court of revis-
ion, be held theeron on Monday, the
16th day of Option 8 at 2; 30 p.m. In the

clerk's office, Hafraw,

A petition was Tei ited signed by
others, asking
for a tile drain along the east side of
Queen street, from the, corner of Mun-
ger avenue to the Philip Ferriss drain.
Moved by - Messrs. , Deslippe and
Barngt, that the prayer of the, peti-
tlongrs be granted, and that J. J,
Newman, he .asked to go, over said
aren, and make out ® report and an
asgessment on the lands ligble there-
pr deemed advisable by him.—Car-
ried, 1
Moved by Messrs, Barpett and Des-
lippe, that the reeve be commissioner
on, the Bondy-Affleck drain.—Carried.
Coupndil adjlurned,

William G. Collins,
baker, was, found dead in a vacant
room in St.'Thomas Monday. He had
been: missing since Saturday night,
and ‘hi dbody was found by, employees
of the gus department who had been
called In to discover & supposed gas
ledk. ‘The body. lay with the head
near a disconnected pipe.

- Btn 2
,, theroup: n the sald Council has procurétd an ‘examination ta be m do | T+

competent for: peg et ther of ‘the sald aren i

‘8 By-Law .tq provide for, draina
Count,
Four

AY Detets dogice

fred ook tp nd

Aged fifty,” a

f Essex and for borrowing on
nared and Minsty-seven. CIR Fifty-dne Cents fon eomplating the’

as been served on ‘the

oungtllors Horse, wr

storm * ot Tha
wevlk. Lightning no a er of
stalks of Warne febucod row] g in

the | fleld,’ destroyin hy da ine
[Hawk bobs bir

| by ohtning, but this is the first fuck
fn this locality, so far as Is known
that growing tobaico has been struck.
David Imeson, in his 94th year, an
old. | plofgef of Mersea township gpd
the inst’ of the older geheration' of [2
Fmesons, passed away Monday ‘marn;
ing of last week at the home of his
daughter, Mrs. James | Gahan, of
Strangfleld, his wife having prede-
ceased ‘him many years ago. About
ten years ago decensed owned & Sh
on the) 11tly concession of Me
i where, during’ ‘that year x grands
{Hay Imesdn, lost his life by tlling
out of a tree, A year later the old
gontloman ao out and went west
with his’ son Gains. A couple of youre

’ Ingo they returned ‘east again and lo-|

cated near Blenheim. Deceased was'|
op -a viait to hig daughter when he was
seized with the iliness that resulted
In his déath. He is the last of a fam-
ily, of seventeen children and is sur-
vived by his don Gains, of Blenheim,
and three: daughters, Mra, Samuel
Graham, of Windsor; Mrs. Morris Ed-
iwards, of Coatswort, AL Me ‘Jpmes
Gahan, of Strangfield. ' Hannah
Imeson, a Blster-in-law, pr Mrs. Jos.
dmeson, a /nephew,. reside-on Mill
street, Leamington. The funeral ger-
vice was held at Tripity church, Rom-
mey, on Tuesday, interment following
in Erle cemetery, on the like shore.

—The United States Steel Corpora-
tion; through its subsidiary, the Can-
adian Steel Corporation, 18 ready to
proceed with plans for erection of a
$20,000,000 &tedl plant at Ojibway.
Big steal and concrete docks will soon
be under way.

1% —Carried.

F: effective than Sti
Far more Clean to handle, by, oy by
Druggists and Grocers everywhere.

work _In ‘the Township af Colchester South in’ tha

e creditiof the Municipality’ the sum of

uncipal Gouncil of Colchester South by

vis fonally” ot peg the foth day of September, 4017.

Fred, CG. Quick 10 have the lk
qr the Municipal Drainage A. ‘
] ya N¥hichoah shercupon Pry sald ‘Coun
Newman, boing 8 perso!
{sd be draitied, end ithe
nds and: roads; liable $0 visse:
rocured plans, ind
dad J, J; Newman
pnefited by such ad
fhe tating a% carl
ty, which. jn hl
drifts Work by every”
Yotng fhe assessment heh
roads and 101s, On PAFts of
Qefcrivad; and the; reflort oF. the sa
rainuky Work Being 88 follows; —

Tos the Rove and’ Municl
Gentlemen, —

1} Have made an exami

now repord: thardon 5
1 commenced my: Siu ihe tho sal

ley Drain, on the Sofuh Side of the 2nd

cpurse of the sald drain; at ear u bd is

1015 8 and’ 9° In the Gore

+L ng thal ¥his drain waa |)
»B., dated Octobpr J LL 1087.
“with, seqiment, drift, bi

as he can the proj
opinion, will be

id J.

|i Councili of the

proper drainage to Sine 1andi and rounds siMected.

cllvert whare the sald draifl crosses the: G
road 10 “he outle} the drain 8. In fair condi
by* fififng in, but'ay I can get ample rail [fc
ques oy Rave! the lower portion repaired. |
work; lielow lig Gore roads

a In order, 10 overcome: She, difficulty al

t, deppencd ‘and improved in accardanve
chtions.
.I_also Ana {]
following “Amopnt
eplafging a' Tarn bridge: —

Charlo Qi Quick, awner. of N Ww Pt. lo
Ered, C, Quick) owner 6T S E'Pt. lot 8

t each of tbe following

competent fo
15 suggested for the dralnage there: f, and of other
nent’ under the Municipal: Drainage, Act #nd has also
ations and estimates Of the drainage. work to bo made by the
assesiment to bo made by him of the {ands and. roads to be
e, work, anil’ of ‘other ‘lands and roads lmble far contribution

ond’ and log; oF portion
nafter by this by-law enacted’ 10’ bo 8sséssed and levied upon
108; hereinafter in that: behalf specially. set: forth and |

Improved, under a report made by M, /E.
Since thal Hme thas beg
r., And In 18 present cofidition 18 fot desp puoUgD

Drain enlarged and improved under. the provisions

ell procured sh examination to be made
‘Such purpbse, of the said area pro:

portion off beni, ouiibr {lability and, Injur-
derived or curred. In cohssquence OF sueh
of ‘lot, the shid besmoent So made

LsNewman Is re pot phereor, and of the sald |

Win oni, August 21st, 1917
Township nicheater Sout

I
—=10 £6 wiih instructiony pecelved from your Honorable Body,
of the Aikman Drain ih your Township, and

d Alkman Drain finds its optletiin the nop.
concession Road. «Thence | followed ©
head on the west slide of the rodd between

me quite vialy Died, up

(8 trie Jrom * iho
OTe rond to: ihe upper From the Gore
tion, although the capacity has been reduced
or Ale upper portion, and as there IS no re
have hot (pio ded In nmy catimates for any

Partctiarly

; crops distributes labor more evenly

Yomber 15th, | MK
journmeént. il 1)
’ Mi; ‘ot

an RELL OE 2
adopted.
Moved by Mr. Renume, seconded by | What may
Mr. Rochelenu, that the plan §nd es- | Elected cut. Many

timgtes prepared by J. J. N¢wman, (5 Hoi pani Epp refi

hip engineer, re front rpad be

adopted by this council. the suffering AS expense wh Al
Moved, In amendment, by Mr. | this entails can be avoided by the

Droufllard, seconded by Mr. Ouellette, | timely use of Zam-Buk.

that the iors resolution be kept Zam-Buk, immediately it fs ap-

jo 0 A gal advice. —Ci ad. ed tos wo All ger

5 Bored 45 dof PRT thug a a a akttmuation 4
M h Who Ich i {son-

it ‘bb’ emi ipfoliited 0 Fone take’ bi Vea epilg riod

al vice re Section 9 of the gh;

Loeal /Improvément yyvine 6 Nb oy kp
Maved by Mr. Drouillard 8660 nded tho Zon Brow

by’ Mr.’ Rochéléau;’ that! Prikone Réne [osily cube 1s effected,

be paid $10 and $16 for work done; ¢ prepared for every, little cut

Hubért Péro;’ $24, ‘for! | work ‘don dF heey alas keeping a'box

Frank Malsonville, $3; Chick Con- Fan-Buk on bay It 1s equally

tracting' ' Col, ' $21.12; / for ' crodks! aria go burns ban Ly bi well

Eugene Bezaire, $9, for cutting wi £ a
ame ey eating pads; as for eczema and a)l skin troubles,

on Campbell avenue; Remi Droulllard
$3.60, for wepairing a culvert on ora All dealers or fam-EykCo. Toronto.
line, and one-half be charged to An- ez, 3 for $1.25.
derdon, and $3 for;a bridge; Arsene},
Antaya, §1, for work done; Jack Luc-
ler, $2, for cutting weeds, and $6, for
grading done on townline, one-half
charged to Anderdon;, Fred. Sorelle, |.
$6, pér order of Board of Health; | |
Wm. Pajot, $10, for right of way; Pat.
rice Cousineau, $3.60, for a bridge;
Maxime Drouillard, $29.25 for {nspec-
tign of bridges; Alb, Brunet, $14, for
work done; F. Pare, ¥1.50, for station-
ery; Ernest Renaud, $600, for’ part
contract z+Carried. | | i

Moved by Mr. Redume, sedohfidd By
Mr. Ouellette, that Mr. Reaume's by-
law’ for the appointment of Collector,
Treasurer and Assessor be read the
different times and passed with the
pames of Walter Bondy as’ Collector;
Ferdinand Pare, Treasurer, and Alex.
Latramholse as Assessor,—Carried.
i Moved by Mr. Rocheleaun, seconded
by Mr. Dronillard, that Mr. Roche-
leau’s, by-law for the yearly estimates
be read the different times and pass-
ed, with township rate at .004 on the

"_ Sutardhy, Soph
Coul I qupt a8 per.
presol

‘meeting wo

cinally cleansed
ling ernences in

ning Conductors; then .ypu .are sure
to be safe. Our rod has 36 pure
per wires, and passes Government
regulations. Mr. Defoe, our agent, has
had years of experience both in selling
and / erecting. lightning. ; conductors.
When denling with us you & aro sure of
getting the best. 3 303

- For. further, information write

PURE COPPER LIGHTNING ROD CO.
x y ~ ° Dundas, Ont.’

Or our Agent for Essex County,

ARTHUR" DEFOE,

ESSEX, ONT.

On_motion, council adfourned tin |
September 22nd, at 4 p.m.

WELL-PLOWED, LAND
VEL YIELD BEST CROP.

Plowing In the fall for next spring's | Phone 102. Box 125.

GRAND TRUN
Homeseekers' °

Round trip “ticke’ 1 to certaln points

RAILWAY
SYSTEM

throughout the year, favors earlier
seeding, Improves, soil and kills many
Ingécts. Where solls are snbject to
washing, or catch crops are seeded fall
plowing 8s not recommended.

Farm Inbor is usuglly mare. ayail-
able in. the. fall thap spring. Crops
can then be seeded earlier next
spring.’ A difference of 24 bushels of
corn per acrs has resdlted for eight
years from a difference of a month In
planting corm, at the Ohfo:Agricultoral
Experiment, Station. | About nine per
cent. less moisture was present in}
the earlier corn. +

Solls, secome “finer by the action of
freezing and thawipg during the win.
ter. :Full-plowed solls contain more
moisture In the spring than poplowed

Plowing aod land the first halt of
September, will do much tp reduce the
number of white. grubs, wireworms,
grasshoppers, leathoppers, cutworms,
sod webworms and other: pests and
prevent their Injury to the next crop.

berta vin North I'ay, Cochrane "ana,
Transcontinental Route, or

Tuesday until October 30th, In-
clusive, at low fares.

‘Through Tcurist - Sleeping
cars to_- Winnipeg on above
dates,
_p.m., no change of cars, vin
Transcontinental Route. *
Return limit, two months, exclus-

tye of date of sale. Berth reservi-
tion and full particulars at all

C. BE. HORNING, District Passeén-
ger ‘Agent, Toronto, Ont

* A. W. MARSH, 0. T. R. Agey) -
hersiburg. Photos Brand 119. hy Ape

Weta, ¢. +
alford |,

hoye mentioned, and thus afford improved A
alnage 10 the lands and roads aécted, 1 would Fecormand tht thik drain’ be cleared

with the coampanying profile ma Spes in-

Owners Is entitled to and snoujd rpcelve the

as compensation Tor damages 10 Jands an crops ar any) and for

Bridge,

Damage
+, 16700

4A n Gore. 30 Dp 8
10 Ho

1, have provided for these! In my: ¢stim

3 and 5 of: Section 0pof the Municipal Dir

| MY estimate of the cost iH tho whale af the above work i
trom which 1 have deducted (He sunt of 3104.40,

dental expenses (8 the sum of 8603.90,
1_thd (wmount now standing 40. the ‘credit
$497.51. 1 haye gisessed gralnst the lands
ae i og, OF _pusefsment. horeto atpached,

waohld further recommend that after’

ge Adt.
okethor with all, ined -

‘aff tho drail, and ihe; Remainder, namoly=—
and: roads ‘asp ds morn Milly, sev forth in the

this deminage work 1a dohjplestad; It He kipt

| “and maintained In stcordance’ with tho y= =1aw es ME BH any report above |

ferred. to.
4 All oF" which Is respéctrully submitted.

ab

igs NEWMAN, ©

And whereas the sald council are of oplilon That ihé drainhge Of he pa fescribed

if deatrab

refore the safd Mun ipal_Couneil

fant to the provisions or the

1 Ant. | The ‘sald report, pu

opted,’ and. she draingge,

ns less, Lin agcornte
Tove grt

put fof chm! Corporation {of the’ sald Township of = Colehest
Ninaty-seven' Dollars, and havo ong cents,
gh Dt joshersyise Drovided. ror, At
{ha vb ore

"sums of nop

ithe dated! of tho sald
i haf; (8 10 say in Ve

i the I fmporial Bank, iarrow, ag

dg: Shi, For paying the sim or $124.00,

on than’ Aon

for onklet

nats d ‘ropas for injuring
Jihe municipality,

par anni a Follow;

ADI iis 8 aun

and vo

Lot or Part

=

=

dope: oad.
i oi

Faull oad
: i { a daa

Municipal bral
Sphcincatitne assbasments ( and . éstimates’ are hereby |

ME enein: 0 indicated and sot Tonthe shail be made and |
Townanip iar Gajchestar Behe Shale nay
r

Doboriture, with interest’ at 1s rate of 6 pop centun i
sdus sonunl. pi Reed 10 1 such) Debentures to be payable
10, haye, attack

1, dit from |

pol ay ant 5 eal 168, aver
Th Ep BER Bl Si Bed
ny
Sad nd Tha asuns of Loe Suid. to seit ra
ih ¢ Rich dos Dear of J0¥ rp: specityely. $ ny bo: divided into ft Yeloquhl
hi ne nna), wi his by-law, during when

t Cofen

iogfer Sduth,
rainy

of the said. Township
age FLL

‘borrow on. the
South the sum of Four
the funds necessary. for

ay 188u0 LTS of jhe one rparation to.
hy olidrs each, and payable wi hy &_ years

ed 10 thenp Coupons. for the payment oft
{
tha dmovint charged’ against’ thi! sald finds

ds for benef i anf the suny of $4¢0,00, the Seunt chargod againgg sald lands

anil. 5 belonging to or 0on-~

st threo. fof 5 years ab the rate
hugs all' other
at te Jame
a lots
rates ang interest
rtd, ant

pf i he amount, changed. 13 ney std
hig int a

0° Suld total
collapted, as aforesnl

|" q Children must have sweets, and the most
_ wholesome and economical sweets you can pro-
vide for them and the whole family are delicious
home-made preseives and jellies made with,

hee is thus

OW, tissue, And a
H

‘chronic sores, bad légs ‘and piles.

bn
LX
be
5

+

A
>
a
Ty
he

5: 3
.
nd
i
.
.
i

'Equip you emmy i jour t-

) cop-

Excursions |

fn Manitoba, Sas}:atchewan and Al}:

@hicago and St. Taal, on sale each |

“leaving Toronto 1045 +]

:

Grand Trunk Howat offices, or write |’

i

hi (fda 05 heli

 
