   

   

  
 

 

to report to thio chief what I hag dono
and receive instructions’ as. 5 my
next step. 1 protested against such
haste, but my objection tended to “on.
vince the man that I was making o
bona fide transaction. ;

“I ‘necd time to think this over,” I
said,
“ “And to make arrangements to trap
me. Suppose we meet a few days

 

 

AN AGE OF WEAK NERVES

#73 - :

“No heart for anything” Is the cry of
thousands of men and women who
might be made well by (20 new, red
blood Dr. Williams’ Pink Pilla actual:
ly make.

Misery day and night § the lot of
hists of men and women Who are to-
day the victims of weitk nerves.

 

 
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
  
   
   
  

 
   
  
   
   
   
   

    
   
   

 

    
    
    
  

  

hence what is to prevent your baving a Their pale, drawn faces gad dejected

\ It Had Not. Been f6co on hand to take the will without attitude tells a ead tale, for nervous
Provi, giving me the note? No; this matter | Weakness means being tortured by

RS PE ETE. vided For must go through, if it does go through, | morbid thoughts and uraccountable

Kind between you and me alone and fmme. | fits of depression: The sufferers are

The tia 1 Fou Have Always Bought, cod wich has been By F. A. MITCHEL diately. When it is finished there will | Painfully sensitive and essily ngitated

      
      
  
   

over over 30 Years, h

S

and has been

   

. Ye thelr ‘eyes are sunken, their limbs 4
‘ a supervision since its infancy, When I entered the detective busk- | ca To auustibe Ji pay. Stumble. Aoyetis Is poor and emary of an Eastern garden to
OW no one to deceive you in this, ness I was very young. I bad not EY it to read, F. a nT 0 n BY.Aa XK, MIXED
All Counterfeits, Imitations and « Tust-asgoodon: are but grown a beard and had a peachlike clea ind relivqalshing i a, alos lly af © «@ ¥
Experiments that trifle with and endanger the health of A My volco was of a me- | aim op tne Bradford estate.’ The only way to bring back sound, vig: x
Infants and at is GAS against Experiment. ami foes nu} but Fons “But the will befug produced you [ous health 1s to feed the sinrved erfoofefoofoforfeoerte
3 ) AS O Bi " 3 have no claim on the Bradford estate.” | nerves which are clamoring for new,
; a IS learned to speak in’ falsetto, very like a “The will will not have been rich, red blood. This new. good blood f
| A pro- , : \ of )
Castoria is a harmless substitute for woman, duced when the note 18 signed.” can be had through the use of Dr. /
Castor - ’ » C
+ Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is Pear egurl Jar 1 vay unde y ae waon stioult hye demund od ush.? an 0k unity Jo ba of
neither Opium, Morphine nor other narcotic substance. Its read a Sls iy To a “You bave no cash. Besides, this neryousc disenses brought about by this 3
is its . if ? matter must be settled secretly and at bull
age guarantee. For more than thirty years it h If Annette Thurber will A ” powerful blood bullder and nerve re. : :
I y as Annette Thurber communicate | once. Delay would be fatal to me. Th h the f
been in constant use for the relief of Consti ation, Flatul Per advariaD ho Will hear something to [ ee a a fie ute of! tiiy
Wind Colic and Diarrhoea * P » ency, her advantage. Suppose after I have received the | medicine thousands of despondent peo-
larrhoea ; allaying Feverishness ar; 1 estato I decline to pay the note on the | ple haye been made bright, active and . v
ther chrom, an a by re gulating the Stomach and Bo, ols, aids yay Satial to me aE Latotis ground that the. transaction is crimi- | strong, h d { Cl
e ass on 00d; giving healthy and natural glee nal” Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills are sold by W en in EN AENT :
The Children’s P a y Pe Bradford, who had recently died, leav- |= TN all’ dealers in mediciné, or may be had In need o
§ Panacea—The Mothers Friend. re G largo stark Mian Thurber haa x18 Jie Shao you will not long enjoy DY ah ot Dye oo uy be lind >
iept house for hfm and nurse

Bears the Signature of

 

The Kind You Have Always Bought

JHE CENTAUR COMPANY. NEw YORK GITY, © 5
\ 1

 

borne the signature of
made under his per-

    

   
 
  

   

 

   
     

    
   

by #ome chance remsrk. Slbepless-

bo uo proot that you signed the note ness roby them of exergy and strength;

under duress,”

   
   
   
  

  

  
 
  
   
    
 
   
   
 
      
      

   
  
 
   
 
  
 
  
  
 

rr a Hy

is composed of clean, whole

leaves, Picked righ blended ri ang : :
packed right. It bl Sats 8 J

  
  
  
  
  

GENUINE CASTORIA ALWAYS

 
 

I had been inclined to think hig case
very weak; but, considering that he
was, or supposed ho was, dealing with
a girl who would not carg to live in ter
ror of herllife, I changed my opinfon.

“But why,” I asked, interested more
and more In his plan, “would it not be
wiser for you to destroy the will and

during his last fliness. Heo bad told
her that he had made a will leaving all
his property to her and she would find
it in a certain tin box in which he kept
his papers, the box being on a shelf in
tho closet of his home office. After his
death she had looked ih the box and
had not found the document.

No will forthcoming, the property
would be divided between tho testa-
tor's nephew, Henry Lathrop Bradford,
the son of an older brother, and An-
nette Thurber, the daughter of his gis.
ter, This Henry Bradford was a
scamp. His uncle had befriended him
and tried to make a man of him, had
falled gnd had disowned him, Miss
Thurber believed that he bad stolen
the will from the tin box 4n order that

“That question I decline to answer.
There may be a number of reasons, I
may know of another will that I can-
not control and which is sure to be
produced. - My uncle did not trust me
and might have put arduplicate will in
some one's hand to be used in case I
captured or disputed thb one he had
made. T'have no knowledge of such a
will. T simply state the case to you

 

WHY OATMEAL VARIES

Only One-Third of the Oats Are Fit

To make a really delicious oatmeal, one
must use just the plump, rich grains. Com:
mon oatmeal, made of oats as they run,

 

 

bec.

Thousands of people cat catmea! without
ever knowing what a vim-producing food
itis. They never know how enticing it can
be. They buy oats in bulk without even a
brand on them to guarantee the grade they

The Quaker process makes these grains
into an oat food worth having. One who
once eats it will never again care for a come
mon oatmeal. ( 3
Oats are. the vim-prodicing food. But
they who get the utmost effects are the

   
  
 
  
    
   
 
 
    
    
   
  
  
  
     
  
  
 
  
  
    

adlan National! Exhibition

Ing that fumction in 1897.

 

lendar, accidentally

  

rifle.
.. Dufferin wa,
General £0 open
Exhibition.
sors since t
ent.

The Cantdfan National

   

the, first

   

  

 

H NETS

0

FIS

XRT
POA
ay

in 1885,
bears were sold freely.

   

adlan National Exhibition
was first recommended in
was only opined last year.

Guns, TRAPS, SPORTING GOODS
JOHN HALLAM. Limited

408 HALLAM BLDG, TORONTO.

 

an attendance of 101,000.
in

 

after those ay
Britain.

D
L 0A ‘4 Ban
OTICAL Embalmer, Mureey Bt.

RA
Amherstburg. Day or nj BE

    
  
 
   
 
  
  
 
 
  

ployee of the Ing
Co., who left \y
ninth Battalion,
Vimy Ridge baile.

With only eight casualties,

 

have captured

     

a formidable Gefence work.

 
 
   
  
  
  

HAS. LEGGETT

GRADUATE OPTICIAN,

yours experience. Hundreds of sal
. who living _testimoni)
Eadiubivs Optical Partors. Mata. Ringsvilh

Issuer of Marriage Licenses.
0. P. R. Ticket Agent.

   
  

ley hotel on
used as their gun
for returned soldjarg.

was ‘employed
Deaf Mute Mgijtute, was’

 

institute.”

    
    
   
  
   

Ings of Virious kinds were

DR. Ww. H McBRIDE, ning, In {hg district between
co aod residence : Dalhousie street son

ye AIL, Ambemtburg. Bell Tele-
Phono Ath Calls answered day r night,
= i

das county,

a room over the office of the

"bar of iron,

cut his throat with a razor
home. In Kitchener.

Honsgerber and H. H. 0
'wére summoned and found
ying: ins pool af blogd

pm,

CANADIAN NEWS.

G. A. Carefoot was appointed school
inspector for. Lincoln county.

Crops suffered severely in a second
electrical storm that swept over Que-

Ny . 3 Electric street lighting
lacks flavor and richness. And it lncks, .
above all, that wealth of energy element duced into Canada at the Canadfan
which makesione “fee! his oats." . National Exhibition fn 1882.

America's firat electric railway, and
the second In the world, was operated
at the Camadian National Exhibition.

The first Provincial Exhibition was
held In Torento 21 years hefore Con-

of $50 and wosts in Brantford police
court for cyuelty to a horse.
On only one occnsion was tCe nah-

a woman, Lady Kirkpatrick perform.

caters of Quaker Oats. The body of Edward Moreau, the
Made in"Canada. os Frenchman sald to have drowned in

the bay several weeks ago, was found

floating near the Parry Sound dock,
A young lind, Henri Marsle, son of a

farmer residing six miles east of Cal

shot
through the heart with a 44-calibre

he Canadian National
Each one of his succes
‘hen has followed the pre-

Introduced prohibition on its grounds
Pirevious to that ales and

The eastern entrance to the Can-

‘The first Gangdian National Exhibi-
tion in 1879 kin three weeks and had | there Was no difficulty in mee

two weeks 970,000 people attended.
The butter-aaking competitions at
the Canadian National Exhibition were
introduced In 1889, and are modelled
the dairy shows in Great

#
Corporal Sgimuel Rigby, former om-
trolt & Windsor Ferry
indsor with the Ninety-
was killed during the

troops fightIng South and east of Loos

German positions on a |
<| front of two. Wajles, (ncluding HUI 70,

A lightning hot during the thunder-
storm Friday afternoon struck one of
the pinnacles of St, Mary's Cathedral
tower, KIng8ion, and knocked off a
stone welghiyg over 200 pounds.

The executive of the Brantford Great
War Veterang' Aggociation have ar-
ranged for the Jenga of the Grand Val-
Dalhousie street, to be
house ‘and home

Telesphore Y.ggault, Montreal, who
as a -paintérvat the

lightning wWhil$ crossing theo;
In the rear gf the main bullding of the

In one diy not less than forty build-
less damjged by fire, caused by light:
in GlengaFry, and Chesterfield, in Dun-

Dr. D. G, MucRobble, wellknown
Huniilton physician, was found dead in

Qll Company at 10.30 o'clock Sunday |=
night, under circumstances which" Cor |
oner MacNichol declared justified an

inquest. Hip head had been

 
   

| Joe Vincent, aged 50, unmarried

Doctors J.
Huehnergard

he might under the law obtain half the
estate. The personal had undoubtedly
been inserted by him with a view to
Some arrangement with her,. What
that Intended arrangement was she did
not know,

A reply was made by Miss Thurber
stating. that she would receive Henry
Bradford at her home any day he
chose to call between 2 and 3 o'clock in
the afterngon. No attention was paid
to this, and, the case having been placed
by Miss Thurber in the hands of dotec-
tives, a new note was dispatched in her
name saying that she would meet

hypothetically,”

There was no doubt the rascal had
thought it all out and bad provided
for every possible contingency. What
was I to do? Delay wonld be ag dan-
gerous to Miss Thurber as to me. I
resolved to go with him and take ad-
vantage of any favorable circumstance
that might arise. Solong as he thought
I was Miss Thurber I had a great ad-
vantage of him. I had a thick veil on
my hat, but in the park did not put ft
over my face. Later, if obliged to face
the light it might avail me.

I accompanied my man to a car wait

was Intro-

7 3 “ : 7 Bradford at any time or place he might | {ng without the park. We entered it
The choicest oats are sifted 62 ti in | federation. The Canadian National B Pp 3
getting fhe Brains use Tar Quer oni] dates back to To. appoint. Msg Thurber then received a | and he drove away. Presently he atop.
Iy ten pounds in a bushel —ttie chofCest | Robert . Hamilton, of the Burford | bit of paper on which was written, | ped and told me he must blindfold me,
third of the finest oats—is good enough for | rod. was fin ed the maximum penalty | “Lincolnrpark, 6, 25, 9 p. m.” Aftér objecting I consented, and after

It was evident that Bradford did not
propose to give Miss Thurber any evi-
dence against him. _ He might deny
that the personal had been inserted by
him or that he had seat this bit of pa-
per, his object belng to meet her with.
out witnesses for some Tascally pur-
pose. The opinion of the chief wms
that Bradford had stolen the will; that
he feared to Be accused of the theft
and wished to make a’ compromise by
which he might receive hig share of his
uncle's estate,

Mies Thurber and I were brought to-
‘mothers and: it wak-observed that we
were about the same height and build.
Having. secured all the information
that, was{o be had on the matter, 1
was arrayed in one of her costumes,
and at 0 o'clock in the evening on
the 25th of June (the sixth month) I
tripped daintily into Lincoln park. I
had been shown a photograph of Brid-
ford and Migs Thurber wus known to
him, so, since Lincoln park wils simply
a block set apart for a breathing space,

ting and
recognizing each other, :

It was not long after my entry into
the park that a well dressed man step-
ped up to me and remarked that it
was a fino evening.

“Are you Mr. Bradford?" I asked.

Xen...

“What is the
secrecy 7°

“Come this way,” was his reply, “and
I will tell you.” ;

Heo led tho way to a bench. I gat
down, and be eat beside me. 2

“T wish to sco you,” he began “about
Uncle Nick's will. It bas been intimat-
ed to me that a certain persofi knows
that a will exists bequeathing all the
estate to you. This person will pro-
duce the will for a consideration,”

“How much does ho want?’ 1 asked,
coming at once to the point.

“The estate is worth. $300,000. The
will will be surrendered for a third of
the value of thie property. You give a
note for the amount to be taken up
(threo imonths after receiving the prop-

that I did not know where we went.
When we reached our destination he
helped me out of the car and guided
me up a few steps into a house, When
be removed the bandage from my eyes
we were standing in a furnished room,
It was dimly lighted, but I put my
hands to my eyes to cover my face; pre-
tending that the tion from dark-
ness to light wasspd! .  Neverthe-
less I caught a glimpse of a table with
writing materials on 4t in the center |
of the room, vk

= When X took my bandeifrom my eyes

I turned my face from the light. ‘Y did
not know how well the man knew
Miss Thurber, but I did not wish him
to see, my features until I could no
longer avoid giving him an opportunity
to discover bis mistake. Meanwhilo he
bad unlotked a drawer in a bureau and
taken out a dogument, which I surmis-
ed to bo the will. What appeared to
be a note lay on the table, He was un-
folding the document, and I surmised
intended to" hold it up for me to in-
spect. In another moment ho would
doubtless call on me to do so and
(Would see my features. )

“ While his eyesiwere bent op the, docu,
ment I canght sight of tho. letters,
“Last will and testament,” printed on
it. This was enough for me. I deter
mined to risk its being what I wanted.
When hs turned from the paper to.me
ho looked into the muzzle of my re-
volver within an {nch of his nose.

Of course he ‘was armed. But what
use ls a weapon which costs a man his,
life if ho makes amotion to use ft?’

“Drop that document on the table,” I
sai in my own husky voice,

Surprise, irritation, horror, were writ.
iten on his face. He dare not disobey.

He tossed the will on the table, and I,

never taking my: eye from his for an
| Instant, picked it up, taking the un.
"signed note at the same time. Then I

began to back out of the room. 'I

backed into a hall and out. through a

door, he following me, alert to take ad-
| Yantago of my changing my glance for

an Instant to draw a weapon. I was
ghilged to back into the unknown; but,
ving come over the even
though blindfolded, I had some idea of
It and got safely down the steps, on to
| the sidewalk and kept on Hil I backed

Up Against ani automobile: ~~

© problem was now to get into it
aud start it without giving him an 'op-
portunity to draw and shoot me. I
thought it necessary to order him to

I

the

opened by Jf

   
  

himself

  
  
       
 

20g:

Exhibition

Grounds
1904, but

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
    
  
   
 

   

Last year

 

  
   
 
 

meaning of all this

Canadian

  
 
    
   
     

*No™ I sald, after felgning to think |
tho matter over. “If a will exists X
would. rather take my chance of its

killed by
pen court

    
  
  
    
    
  
  

   

   

     
 
    
   
   
  
  
    
  
 
  

8
£
2
£

   

gore or

Muxville,

|

 

1
Crescen

crushéd || olding.
his |

the man |

in. the bathy |e
living" and’ conscious, b
‘were unable to save his life.

|

view of hundreds of

inherit half the estate ns helr-at-law?". |

Bay and the Lake Nipigon district for
distribution to the different cities and
towns throughout Ontario.

  

catch of fish from a point west of Port:
Arthur to'Sudbury, North Bay and To-
ronto for
points.
very.much reduce the price of fresh-
water fish to the consumer.. Over $2,
000,000 worth of fish are petted in On-
tarlo waters annually the greater part
of Which are sent to the United States
markets, but under, the proposed plan
the home markets will be given first
consideration.

squire miles.
covered as a source of fish supply by-
commerciul interests and should prove
a fine district for the operation of the
Government's plan‘—Toronto News,

people of Ontario were being guffed, it
Is over this. very matter of fish: distri-
bution.
the lick spittle political press are mak-
Ing. a great ado about bringing in fish:
trom long distances while the Govern- |.
ment seems to have closed its eyes to
the lacal sources of supply of ‘a most
prolifia nature, from which
ol
Only on August 14th, a Highgato cor-
Isspondent of the London Free Press
otated:

cently had large catches of fish at their

have been so plentiful that they were
unable to handle them by ral), and are:
now: shipping them by tug to Toledo
. {and Cleveland.” Think of that],
| ping. them by tug
land with Toronto ! ;
#ot | clamoring for fish that had to. be trans-
A ow nearly two thousand

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 

  
  

        
            
  
  
  

           
  
      

 

      
  

 

 

for $2.50 from The, Dr. Willlams' Medj-
cine Co., Brockville, Ont.
Sn

TIMELY RECIPES. }

HARDWALL PLASTER
LIME. BRICK, or anything
else in Building Material.
there's only one place in Am-

herstburg to get perfect- ser-
vice and that's from

 

(By Elizabeth Pollard.)
Citron Marmalade.

This” Is another toothsome marma-
lade at.small cost. The sooner oft:
rons are used the better, as after they
are gathered, if allowed to stand very
long, they become less juicy. Peel,
slice and dig out seeds, put them
through food grinder. For each quart
of pulp take a ground lemon, ‘mix
with citron, and put into preserving
kettle. Pour over this a cupful of
sugnr to the quart, and let stand over
night, or about six or seven ‘hours if
more convenient. By that time the
citron will be floating in its own juice,
Add a pound or so of good raisins to
every five quarts, and cook till citron
is clear, then can.
The rind: of watermelon, which is
usally thrown in the garbage, may be

c
3
0
0
Ww

Febrero etebtefedeodebied ode founfesfefenfesfefenfeofeeofospofere

put up in the same way, and makes P \ ~
quite as nice marmalade. HONE 75. FEED, SEEDS, ETC.
Chipped Pears with Oranges. | deefesfesfecte feefesfecforfoote
The peat is a mild fruit, and, con- Tbk i

 

  
 
  

 

sequéntly lends itself to many delight}
ful combinations. With a peck of
pears use about a dozen oranges. Be-
gin by peeling oranges, then set peel
Ings on to boll. Slice oranges by cut-
ting Inwards towards core, making
little chips about half an inch wide,
then peel and chip pears in like man-
ner. Put oll fn kettle, and add water

}
:
i
i
i
|
i

WE HAVE IN STOCK. §

SHINGLES, LATH, CEDAR POSTS, BARN BOARDS,

of orange peel, with a cupful of sugar JOISTS, MOULDINGS OF ALL KINDS. DOOR SASH,
to Sah re of the mixture. Cook WOODEN EAVETROUGH,
tender and can,

‘RUBBEROID ROOFING,
Pears With Quinces, ’
Quinces have a strong flavor, so
that a dozen or less will permeate a
peck of pears. For marmnlade grind
both, put {nto kettle, barely cover
with water, and add a little less than
a cupful of sugar to each quart, ac-
cording to taste. Simmerstill fairly
thick, and cap. A
Quince Marmalade.
Peel and core, then put peelings
and cores on to boil {or twenty min-

BEAVER BOARD.

Place your order with us and save money

JOEN FRASER

Planing Mill and Lumber Yard
utes. Meantime, grind quinces.

AMHERSTBURG, ONT.
Mash contents of kettle, strain, and fu

return juice to: Kettle and add pulp, | #ebdeobadeobobodhd Fbabdostod hadi bod dedi dob dood dof dbfid
To each quart of the mixture . add,
about a cup and a half of sugar,
Simmer till thick: This will keap like

jelly. PRA Eel Wel
FRESH FISH FOR ONTARIO.

   

 

   
 
   

  
 
  
   
  

ddd Fh d dob bd bb kbd bbb bbb bbb

 

HET EH

      
    
 
   
    
 
   
  
 
 
    
  
  
 
   
    
  
    

  

 

 

  
   
     
  
  
  

 

   

      

 

“Consider Safety First When Buying Flour.” :

“GOL MEDAL"

IS SAFE TO USE. +

ser every bake day perfect protection against uncer-

 

 

Home Markets Are to be Considered
First. §

   
 

 

  

-»
Plans are rapidly being completed B
for the placing of Targe shipments of
fresh-water fish on the market through-
out the province., The Fish and Game
branch of the! Provincial Department |
of Public Works is co-operating with
Hon. W. J. Hanna, Food Controller, in

a scheme to bring fish from Orient

 
   
  
    
   
    
  
 

aking a safe flour and a pure flour.
Lis safe it Is the most economical.

I Flour is sold under a' guarantee of satisfaction or

  
       
 
  

  
 
  

  

   
  

—_—

.R. FLOOD,

Wholesale Dealer in Grain and Seeds.

   
  
 
  

     
  
   

  
 
  
 

. Refrigerator cars will bring the

 

 

   

distribution to the other
It. Is expected that this will

   
  
 
 
    
      
    
     
       
      
      
  
 

 
 
  

Nipigon district has an area. of 1,780
So far it has not been

 
  

 
   
  
 
 
    
    
    
  
  
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 

 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 

The above is nothing more nor less
han “shooting hot air.” If over the

   
   
  
  
    
 
  
  

Food Controller Hanna and

 

 
  
 
  
  
   
   
  
 

        
   
  

 

     
  
 
   

 
 
 

fish are ; . a:
shipped to American points. on our farm. Why will it nd

0 bE A
The Tractor has pnid us big op!
talk war, but produce, Maybe}

mers of Essex County? Do not
iI have not enough land to duy a tractor.” Don't you know yo \
have every year from 25. to 50 acres that fn not cultivated? Don
these Idle acres” would laugh with joy tolbe turned over with §
When the ground fs hot and dry you can always harrow, work and q
grain in; you can also harvest, thresh and haul your grain tom

your feed grinder. : ”
This is_the best time of the year to buy a tractor.
put In more than 6 ncres of fall wheat, have a talk with us, for we h
tractor or horse implements that will do the job 0. Ke. of

. Give your gonsihotter implements to work with 4nd they will farm
land with less work. Lop nl

Jt integabted call 130-21 and we will seo you.
- le Ya - »

 
   
    

     
    
 

“Koehler Brothers, have re-

      

shery at Clearville. .In tact, the fish

  
 

    
  
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
   
 
 

 
 
 
 
  

“It you are |

 
 

ta. Toledo and
only 100 milo

   
   
 
 
  
 

  

SE ls |

  
