 

      

; Get Your Coal in Now
While we have the Supply.

THE ER “

ov. WW,

 
 

I THE MOLSONS BANK

CAPITAL AND RESERVE $8,800,000

   
     
     
  

  
  
  

 

    

 

96 Branches in Canada

 

 
   
 
       
    

        

   

  
 
 

Kingsville Branch. Amherstburg Branch.

BRIGHTEN THE HOME. ry 8

RB % : A General Banking Business Tramspcted

4 3 CIRCULAR LETTERS OF CREDIT ;

: 4 Hl BANK MONEY ORDERS;

1 : SAVINGS BANK DEPARTMENT

>. | Interest allowed at higHest current Fite 1 Ci g
= : ; R. B. SAMUEL, Manager, © + WA 8. FALLS. Manager, The £arning Petiod of a Man $ Life is His

   

 

    
  
  
     
   
 

 
  
  
 

 

LIFE'S WINTER will soon overtake you.

   
  
 
  
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
    

 

AMHERSTBURG SOLDIER
WINS MILITARY MEDAL

h
ired for
» Have you home, wir Advert a word. Hon. W, J. Hanno, former Provincial
(4 ] isements Secretary of Ontario, ‘has Been ap-{But Sacrifices His Life For His
3 ( : 3 5 = pointed Food Controller for Canada Country.
: eC 171C 19 S - : SOR SALE_Sow ad 8 Ey with wide powers providing he shall 4
: : 5 I i necessary. invebtigations Into General sadness ‘that prevailed in
)
V ::
atest AAI

 

NEW FOOD CONTROLLER.

     
  
      

  
  
 
  

 

ARE YOU WASTING THE - FRUITS OF
YOUR HARVEST? WILL THE STORMS
OF OLD AGE FIND YOU WITH

AN" EMPTY GRANARY? i

Let this bank be your
granary and you will
reap a& harvest of golden
gains. :

 

 

  
   
  
  
   

 

    
  
  
 

 

make
“von SALE. fresh pik location, ownership, | Amherstburg since news came: of the

ctrici i "LE, Anderdon. Phone 183-1-3, | the quantities,
Our electricians know how io do the work economically, “FOR SALE—DoOublo barrelled sources of supply anu;prices of any death, a few weeks ago, of the death
and a nes light Spring wagon—cheap. article of food in Canaday that lie shall | of Corporal Russell Fox, has given

do: sscertoin domestic. requifements and |place to a feeling of clyic pride in his

facilitate the export of the surplus to achievement, since his mother, Mra.

   
 

  
    
  
 
 
   

     
  
   
  
 

  
  
   

Electric Irons and Toasters i

FOR
8 | ply 10 JOHN MART Phone (18 1

R i “ i : . milo south of MeGreg :

At prices that will make you want he a pier on to the approval of. tle governor In
old, both Se pred from tegistered | council, The food controlled may make
(stock. * “Apply FOREST LARAMIE, North Fopalations governing ithe Boot of

Mal P, 0.
Imi 38 OR SALE—Some cements Db Ir any food and. the storage, distribution,
J., i ‘been used in cement sale and delivery thereof, providing
x SOX, Megregor. for its conservation ‘ind governing

LEAMINGTON: ONT.

 
  

Great Britain and her Allics, subject Wn. Fox, received the following let-
ter from Military Headquarters, with

the tidings that the heroism of her
son had won the Military Medal, the
first Amherstburg soldier awarded
this outstanding distinction. The let-

ter which follows speaks for itself:
87th Battal anadian_ Infantry

   
 
 
  
  
     

 
 
  

 
    
 
 

“MAKE HAY WHILE THE SUN SHINES.” “
> 7
| Start an account with us to-day and keep safe
the results of your industry.

 
     
     
  
       
  

 

      
  
  

 
   
    

 
   
    
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
   

   
     

consumpton in hotels, = restourents, h
cafes, private honsedq and clubs. Ar. tt Ng ay Sot. "a

m= | Apply MES. GEondia Bovie, Rankiu Ave.
AD erature. Ont Henna left for Washington to confer | M4. Isabel Fox,
OR SAL! = Ohoap And on easy ters orto [with Herbert C..Hoov THe job re- Amharsioure out, et yo

quires a big man, and t Government
has certainly picked afman of proved
Gi ihe south side of | capdcity for the position,

containing over

  
    
     

 
 
  

SOR SALE-Charlés On&'s h
Soynare Stroot. to settle up t

 

 

    

 

Corporal Fox, has
Jost be en awarded the Military Medal ror
allantry displayed in the attack on Vimy
Ridge, Apel) ath, (Authority, B. O., 359,

    
   
 
 
   
   

rent. several houses, Inzgoand small. with
A. Dapis,

 

   
     
 
 

modern canverforices. Freon,

 
 
   
  
 
   
  

i BOAL--Cuestxur | & GOAL--Stove
BOAL--Ecs > GOAL—Sort

 

- & 42-58-17)

two acres. Fairly mouse. fruit bear- 5 . J 4
iDR:Arees.” ADDIY YL Pe MAISEY, Fort | REGULATIONS AS TO ; W li WN an toads
SIriet, Amherstburg. DISCHARGES: MADE ork -¢ April 91h receive Aheir

“Durham ¢ 3 coming EXPLICIT IN ORDER ih Bagtalion, Who then
2 yea! rlings, Absa, one 1 ast, We sineepely regret’ that

v
Dukham eow @lght years old with Two Tan. 1 was not amongst ghese to receive
No Man Gets Pension: Unless Entitled al in front of the men he had so

months’ old calf by her side, All in good
condition. 2 ors 10 E, J. Martin, Harrow, ou To It. A gallantly fought with.
R. R. No. 3, or phohe 1. NA Every man discharged from the I jun Soclosing a plate of Ine Hound he
wn - 4 on would have receiv ad he. been here,
FoR SAL erard property. burg, ganadi; >. Expeditionary Forse ust with thiehope that you may find some con-
Comprises cottage on Ramsay and corner previous to his SC. Orge B solation In the fact that his gooil ‘work did
a medical board, where:it can be de- [Not pasa unnqticed.

vacant 10t-60x80.. Splendid pi rty. For
His medal will be sent you direct from
1erims, dhs. i. GER: termined. whether ‘he Pall De ai tha AuthoFition. n° London. in due course,
ysical un:

1) — | charged on account Kindly ae my ‘deepest sympathy -in

PY ARACFOR SA the 1048 of youn so
A). i ness, and whether Hiaf physicals dis- | the 1052 of FoR Sheereiye.

frat cesaion, adjoini
A Faom fs nae | ability, 11 any, s-diue tor or oggravated ee nanonuE,

Inclover ; I Fair sized house | hy his service Tnstruc- Lieut.-Col;
build} in_good. separ Never: nue Tecelved nuth yy J * 0, C. 87th Batt., Canadian Infantry

apd out
will take dg

| CE ARMS | ahea'f rie. Rg

art % ; ntaip cay Tresnitions ‘whose om. Pte..Orville Fox, lost hiy

> SUM MER IN IT ES TOU. a hr ali SALE—Uene : , S10 Dusiness, an 1 SRA W hh eg dle tater Vimy Silie Ly Saguiesd 3

property at Lukerville, comprising” store
ha Jiving. apartments; finn brick milk | charged for other reasons on going 87th Battalion, Canad(s) Infantry

TO EN J oY OUR OF F ER I N CS houge; ice house: ri lrgef Stale; eran, in before a medical board, wera found to |* dian, Croadier Har oT 7.

     

  
    
   

     
  
      

  
 

 

   
   
 
  
   
    
  
 

  

 

 

 

 

     
   
   
 
 
  
 
 

 

 

   

Hartow Branch, - - r Clark, Manager

      

     

   
  
  

Delivered to any part of Town and Country.

; Office and yards at Gordon Station, River Front,
Anderdon.

v

 

  

 
 
     
   
 
  
 
 

Ea

     

 

  

 

rae
$i

PAOD 22 ce 1S. GATE GOAL C0.

RESIDENCE 154

        
 

frit

 
  
   
 
  
     

Sis
Et
gig
14
pL

  

I rnd bhi tn on 0 dn nc

qn
Hl
3

=

 

 

 

 
  
 
  
  
    

  
 

         

 
  
   
  
    

 

    
   
   

equip
Eh Working order: b-tor.scales. | De physically unfit, and instead of be- Me E. Tox
Contrallylocated on County oad, connect- [ing discharged on the originalireason, Ambersthurg, Ont.,
Well 85- | thay were discharged os physically Canada,

~—1 am #prry to tell you that

  
 

    
   

  
 
   
   
  
     
  
 
   
  

4 | ( {ng Winlisor and Amherstburg,
> Lawn Suisgs, pases peter ih stock. _ Immediate Res ton oA} | utifit; and their cases wera sent to, the cI Am SolTY to toll sou that
awn a \. N

    
  

0, 1, Windsor rs 0. Pir elegpmone 147-23. | Board of Pension Commissioners for |in action April 0th, 1017, In the attack on
application for a pension. According Vimy Ridge. aks 1isavel :
to the new order, the Pension Commis- e met MS deatiy bravely and was A
fing example’ of ural to 4b i r

sioners will not be called upon, to”de- HR Ta I
cide cases, unless the man's unfitness B is Sas Durie by is comrades an ihe
jeld oO attle, and the place I8 sultab)
was! actually due to ort aggrayated by marked by a Ss with his name on Tie
Pleaso opt our sympathy with youn
in your loss.
Sinperely yours, -

J."V. O'DONOHUE,

Lieut.-Col.

     
  
  
    
   
     
    

  
 
  
  
  
 
  
   
  
    
    
  
  
 
 
 
  
 

    
   

 

MisS SULLIVAN ‘REAL ESTarE AGENCY
Phone 200. Amherstburg.
FOE ATE ANEInG: ethoncsad ory Ia

town: also river front propeiity ; also [his service dn the C. E. F. If he is

farms in Malden and Anderdon ol £) slzes and | 45 be digcliarged for other reasons, his

Biot PO. ry, Amberstbur. physical fitness, or unfitness must not

SOR BALE-Ono of the best Wi acta, fanmain | be given as a reason, and his case
F ‘Anderdon. Cheap. Good hodie, bust of | will therefore not be taken to the Pen- commanding 87th Batt, Can.’ Infaniry.
(Canadian Grenadier Guards)

and, near school, can give possessio, "
Por ha sion Board for decision, The regula-| . 4 fer

For particulars, apply to Many
*| Fort Street, Amherst burg. Ont. :| ton apparently is to.prévent men ap-
proRsa FE Nrick dry £00As ALOK Tet. | plying for pensions on account of dis BRUNNER, MOND. GOING STRONG. |!
full basement; 14 room residence flat; lability, when they are not entitled to The Echo, bellavesr that comparative:

grocery addition 2x50, refri orator bod store-
bie, ly few in this district, even yet, real-
ize ‘the tremendously big commercial

00S ; 2 storey barn ; sta bay them.

| ingle stalls, bugey house, Tara loft; .| Other grounds for
"development that {8 taking place right
before our eyes, in the eorection.nnd

Is falls, | douse. Jato ‘discharge are
nge. Migs SULLIVAN, AMUSE by given ad “under ange,” “over age,”
FOR BALE—One of (he finest Fy in nf not likely to become an efficient sol-
organization of the Brummer, Mond
Canada, Limited.” Plans which took
some years to perfegt-are being worl

Malden, consisting of 78 BCreBL Tigmt ob} gion “within three. months of enlist-
ed out by a highly Specialized organ:

the Tike: well drained; well fenteq: gone

of thio Nnest houses, With soft ang’ nard |ment,” “having been irregularly en-
jzation, without a hiteh, and while
the work Is “going strong”, it makes

water 16 (the house; Fond outbulidies, For | ){sted,” “with _ ignominy” or “other
i: fine barn; ~
03.1. deep: Ane Ao 0 the Board of Pansion’Commigsion- no noise, and before we ‘are wise to

 

 

“Wherever You find Ford cars and Ford service, you find

SATISFIED FORD OWNERS—men who epprecinte the car
for its quick starting, its easy control, it8 simplicity and

ite extraordinary capacity for hard work.

The phenomenally Inrge sale of Ford cars is the direct
,result of Ford SERVICE and. Ford SATISFACTION.

‘For satlsfaction is os universal ns the Ford car {taelf.
“Doctors, lawyers, salesmen, bakers, grocers and farmers :
all praise the Ford—all are satisfied.

Its low cost appeals to aly Its dri low upkeep

 
   
  
  
   
  
    
  
  

 

    
  
  
  
 

    
  
 
 
 
 
  
  

  
  
 
 
 
  
   
 

 

  

 
 
 
 
       
 

 

 
  
  
   

cost pleases them. Its sturdy,.steady, service-giving char-
acter wins them and satisfieg them, Even the wealthy
prefer to drive Ford cars rather than botl or with the cpst-
ly, cumbersome limousine and chauffeur. It means-econ-
omy when “saving {8 a natlodal duty.” |

Ford satisfaction is just as valuable as upholstery. or ‘a.
fancy finish. Ask any Ford owner about it. :

+ If you intend to buy a Ford, place your prder with - the
_ nearest dealer.

Kemp Furniture Co.

    
     
   
  
   
   
    
  
   
 
 
  
  

 
     
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
  
  

 

  
    
 

   
  
 
 
  
  
 
   

  
   
  
 
  
  

    
    
 
  

  
  
  
    
   

  

    
  
 
  
  
      
 
  

MARY: SUL
paruegiats i Berstbu Box 3 | causes.
best streets near river: 9 rooms; bi Ld ed for discharge have been referred
Close 10. town, Possession the Eftuation, one of the mofit import:

Fort Breet, Ae eT Tow ard The order reads in part ds follows:
HEADQUARTERS TOR CAMP OUTFITS ill pe piven) nee to SARE ers when such action is absolutely un- ant industrial concePhs in . Canada
; Hammocks and Hammock Couches. town. For DARICUIAS ure: My necessary. Board of medical officers | i; have been established on the De-

! Vy ? - FOR 8
=> : \ erst ern libuses in Amherstburg, on We “Numerous cases of men’ recommend-
are constantly recommending men for} yo “river front, just at our doors.

 

    

   
      

     
 
   

   

    
 

  

    
 
     
    
 
   

     
 
 

 

 
 
 

  
    
 
 

     
  

     
  
 
    
   
 
  
 

’ 0. Box 3b.
BA Tho fest River Front | discharge on account of physical unfit-
y Another Shi ment WHITE SEWING MACHINES just arrived. property In the county with big Ryont ness who shoyld be discharged for Already visitors from all parts’ of the Amherstburg, Ontario.
be Pp se © rooms. not including hallo oh + iv gouthwestern peninsula are being at-
8 oul Nara Hh other. reasons, ond it 1s) of the ut-
The Best on Earth. . | bed rooins, new furnace. all at racted there” daily tor witness the
ve two geres of land. one hundred an: opt floors: most importance © that ‘no soldier | on
d erage Bod ono of the 0 to chanvel ani Fine | should be discharged as physically un- :
one of the ings Jawnk {0 be found The material necessary Is being as-
6 fit where discharge can b@ carried
a eo it, orchard. RI&ht on car Jine. Good |r gembled with the minimum of delay,
poly. to "MARY SULLIVAS, Wort. Be. | ont under other Rections of paragraph
: A orstbare P. 0. Bay 38 » $22:K. R. and 0., Canada, 1910, and no doubt the contract will be Son:
, 4 ly : Pi. Tis Dost forma a County] : pleted within the time specified by
H, Tos, Monsger. Goneession Cifehester South, 105. oF " "250,000 ) PROTECTED. 3 Company. The foundation for Ne
2 Phone 53. Amherstburg | i Feet 5 Tae bouts hn Kuchar 53 v ajsiliation bullding i» sow ei,
5 % @ workmen. are ‘engin el ng
ery and Sani machine ahed| Twenty-eight life Insurance or a doncrote foweF with schutea to dis.

 

 
 
  

 

Semen hon house, well |
ii be fi-bored wd ese ball benefit sautatled ro eporting to the re- tribute concrete for the ldéwalks; etc.
During the past weeks ® contract has

tL ie “pei, iood fpncos BRIE) Lystrar of friendly societies in On.
\ | Waste Universi, London Sin ph J ps i been let to the Foundation Co. of

eroh fall wheat and Ie, tariq for the year 1916 have ‘a - total
ang a lon on by
on fiat of April oF hGODE. in penton ly esting particulars given Loved concxsta. tle Las foot salts

    

    
  
 
 
     
   

Oxler. summer resort. | membership of 266,009. or ‘Inter

  
   
 

* Three More New Professors A Ph dplare, fo & 81st, oer sas _{'river through the property to » point
4 Ba ta Ary in Gonads. |S ee as arpa, i i038 Hm the main. uiding : Building Hardware

iance benefits ud ? : ‘ .
LOBT— ivia rey grereont on road be- 1515, A ul 240) : » SEE : : 2 Paints, Oils, ;

between q
| Ameen Amber: Reward by Jeaviok se A 3 John. Marrier, Supt., and Ralph’Allin
; " The ham, engineer, have been here for
woek arranging for the force of men
J Yoaulreds and for the housing of their

President :
E E. Bralthnaits, .
