SIR WILFRED LADRIER

Canada’s Next Premier.

‘We, admirers of Sir Wilfrid
Laurier and British Justice, de-
sire to express our deep grati-
tude to Mr. Gregory, — in his
appeal in last week’s edition of
The Echo, so honored and so
complimented Sir Wilfrid by al-
lowing him a column clean and
_white in his “Union Govern-
ment” advertisement.

We regret that we cannot af-
ford. to return the compliment

I by” giving Sir Robert Borden
clean space. = We are unable,
owingto facts and revelations,
to donate to Sir Robert Borden

a column white and clean, and
devoid of criticising.

Sir Wilfrid has supported Sir |

Rober't Borden in all hiis reason-
able acts. He has co-operated
just, as far as his clean con-
sefence wauld permit. Mr. Gre-
gory.accuses Sir Wilfrid of hav-
ing done nothing for the war.
Such is not the truth, but if it
, were, is it not better to do noth-
' Ing well than something badly?
Better have nothing said of one
than be severely eriticized for
| misconduct. Better be without
publicity if one ‘has to gain it
by many mistakes. There.is a
vast difference between jpublie-
ity and notoriety.
Harrow Win-the-War Liberals.
 N.B.—It is possible to renjain a
Liberal and want to. wiin. the
war as well, because Sir Wil-
frids’ heart is in thé war to a
finish.

eel feel fee folded foe del

fede sfrfenteofocfefenfocfocfenfonfosenfenfercienient

. of Canada. (an we have confidence and faith in a Government

y #blinded by “Unionism”?

Knock the Grafters and "Pro fiteers.
A Union Worth While is a Union of the People
Against the Get-Rich-Quick Artists.

Trefosfosfocfeforioriosfoctoetocfoctoriocfocfurtoefocionfuct sfosiesfocfocfartocfosfectoetscfosfucietscfecfsconfecfecertoferts
ES

7 |
=|
I

Apologists for the blundering, corrupt Borden Administra-
tion ask the citizens of Canada to forget the scandals, the graft,
the careless expenditure of the funds of the people's treasury,
the toleration of excessive profiteering and countless other In-
excusable facts.

Germany, when she is beaten, will want the world to for-
give her. The despicable nation of brutes will again seek the
friendship and good will of the world. She will strive to restore
her international commerce which has, in the last half century,
played such a conspicuous part in the processes of her strength-
ening and enrichment. Will the liberty loving nations that are
now, in defense of the noble ideals of freedom, arrayed against
base, treacherous Germany, hasten to forgive that nation for
its heinous crimes against civilization. Will the present enemies
of Hun tyrannical methods immediately forget the atrocious

barbarous conduct of ‘Germany in this great conflict. Many
generations will come and go before Germany's sins will cease
to be remembered and used against her. The pages of history
will preserve the record of this war’till the end of time. The
blot on the German will never be eliminated from the history of |
the world. Iier honour has perished. Even time will not bury
her great crimes against humanity.” We will not soon forget.

NEL ve.

CAN WE FORGET. n.,

Now we are requested by those Canadian wolves in the
spotless skins of sheep to bury the past years of misgovernment

which will be led by Sir Robert Borden, dominated by such as '
Rogers and strongly influenced by millionaires that have no:
qualms of conscience. “The records of” Borderism, Rogerism,
Flavelleism and many other. isms too numerous_to niention}
should be sufficient to prove that such men are hopelessly incom-t*
petént and incapable of conducting the affairs of our beloved
Dominion at this critical time. d

The Kaiser has deceived the German people and our “Unfon-
ists” are trying to hoodwink the Canadian people... Will we be

AC demoeratic Government sheuld be founded on these ’
principles: of the people—by the people—for the people, but :
as we-examine the records of this dying regime, we are con-
vinced that the people have received little consideration at the
hands of the ruling power.

RE Sl Re kL a

How BORDEN HAS TRIED TO WIN THE WAR.
He' has spent the people's money srecklessly when money !

is go essential forthe prosecution of the war.

Ie has given millions to Mackenzie & Mann for worthless
C. NR. stock.
1 He has tolerated the heartless profiteer for over three years.
Are profiteers patriots with only the country and its cause at

» heart?

-~ He has allowed the. Nationalists, sueh:as: Bourassa and:
Layergne, ta spread seditious sentiments, unchecked and un-
molested in Quebec—thereby discouraging voluntary enlistment
and patriotism in that abused” Province. Why? For a_subtle
purpose. EY 5 .

Tle advised the Minister of Militia to “go slow” on recruit-
ing. Why? Because voluntary enlistments were too numerous,
thereby interfering with plans and devices which have since

been revealed.
He has given little. con ideration to the needs, of soldiers

and dependents.

WHAT BORDEN HAS DONE IN A DESPERATE EFFORT TO
WIN THIS ELECTION.

He has misrepresented by way of his supporters the altitude 4
of Sir Wilfrid concerning the big issue of the day.

He and. his followers and newspapers would have it:appear
that all who do not.approve of “Union Government’ are disloyal *
and do not want to win the war. Such is utterfolly. Thousands
of citizens, Conseryative and Liberal, cannot support Borden and
his “Union” scheme because of the past sins and injustices of

Sir Robert's adininistration.
The Ms S. A. has been much adjusted and revised to meet }

_ election requirements. .

He has raised the religious cry, when: religion has abeo-
lutely no part in this war.

He has discriminated against a great many loyal women.
Thousands of patriotic women workers are _denied the sacred
privibge of voting because they are unfortunate victims of cir-
cumstances. He does not trust those women who have no broth-
ers, sons, husband in the war.. Why? Are‘they not loyal. Are
they not able to think and vote just as sanely'as those that hap-
pen to be represented by immediate connections in the war?

, Have they not tender, motherly hearts capable of sending out

sympathy to the boys at the front. This is reflecting on the in-
telligence of that body of women,that are the rh of unjust.
discrimination. Does this measure suggest ‘British fairness and
squareness or does it remind you of high-handed German deal-

. ing? Can anyone justify this act? Would it not be just as fair "|

to deny men who are not represented by sons or. brothers in
khaki, the right'to have a voice in the nation’s affairs: “Can
we sing “Britain's flag lias always stood for justice” Nr say
conscientiously that partial women suffrage harmonizes with

od

the Sefitiments expressed in the. song? at 1s Jiothing=+totey te

{-

I NN ee ee

»

nothing less than hypocritical. But this is not a British act, it

is ‘a Borden Act.
He has disfranchised many citizens of foreign birth that

‘ have taken residence in Canada that Hiey might be blessed with
the advantages of freedom.

* WHAT BORDEN HAS DONE TO STRENGTHEN HIS SICK
PARTY. .,

We must admit that the winning over of a number of Laur-"
ierites to Bordenism was a star in the crown of Bordeunism, The
sick party's blood was bad, and the infusion of new blood was
most acceptable to Sir Robert and his men.’ Flowever, the great
Liberal party does not wear deep mourning because of the loss.
Some losses are gains. Liberalism in the broadest sense has
survived and Sir Wilfrid and his admirers are not paralyzed
with grief. Thousands have'rallied and are rallying each day to
support his great principles by: which- he brgvely stands,

WHAT BORDEN HAS DONE FOR or I! SOLDIERS.

+ He has given them wages befitting ar They sacrifice
and suffer and. for it receive the magnificent sum of $1.10 per
day, while millions are squandered because of inefficient man-
agement in government cireles,

Soldiers’ dependents receive enough to permit them to exist
'like Russian peasants.

‘Soldiers are dependent on public synipathy for con: forts in
the trenches. /

When they return they dre still subjects of public ¢harity.

Soldiers returning disabled and renderd unfit for- “work re-
ceive pensions which enable them to starve nicely. {

Because the lads wearing the Canadian uniform are the
best paid in the world does not make the whole system right.
They are protecting the men that are and have been making
millions, but ours is a Government that gives millionaires first
consideration.

OH WHERE IS, THE VOICE ( OF THE PEOPLE?

, At this critical time Canada needs a leader—a* statesman.’
There is one grand old gentleman, tried and tested and proven
capable, who possesses ‘the essential gualites which our fair
Dominion demands, particularly at this time: That gentleman is
Sir Wilfrid Laurier, distinguished, honoured and respected,
having rendered a.long, faithful and consecrated service pe ‘the
great mass of people that constitute our country.

Sir Wilfrid has served Canada for any years. He has
- served justly, squarely, and’ has displayed no partiality to any
creed, tongue or race. Justice to alllias been the motto that has
ever‘dominated his leadership. * He “stands or’falls by his prin-
ciples” and it ig to the best. interest of Canada that he should

stand. 5
or r-He will delligato. Hiewiiole<Countabi. nid “and. re~
sources to. the" winning of the war.” . He will not drop ont, his
great honour forbids such a step. According to the true prin-
+ ciples of Liberalism, he wants the people’s voice to be heard.

He will give the people a chance to express their opinion
on the* Conscription Bill and if it Is the will of the people that it
he enforced, he Swill enforce it fairly and justly.

Sir “Wilfrid Is a Reformer by name and by action, His
chief consideration has always been the welfare of Canada and
the Canadian people. He has strictly adhered to the big ideals
of the British constitution.

; Dén’t be hoodwinked by the crafty and ingenious:schemes
that have been devised by Bordenites that their political lives
‘may be prolonged. -

THINK! bw THINK!

The situation requires careful thought. Worthy Sladen,
* has Borden and his ‘crafty colleagues ag their administra-
tion merited the people’s confidence.

to the electors. There is the Borden road with its deceit, old
ruts, mud, treacherous clay and pitfalls. “ There is the smooth
road of Laurier, whieh is built on the solid road-bed of a clean
past record. Shall we take the road to misgovernment, misre-
presentation and: corruption—the Borden road; or shall we
travel the road to better government, people's rights and justice
to all—the Laurier highway. It is, dear friends, your sacred
privilege to choose. Don't be misled by the wailing of an organ-
ized party that thinks no more of winning the war than Sir Wil-
frid and his followers, that are just as anxious, and more 80 that
« Canada shall continue to do lier bit.

Our forefathers purchased in the centuries that have passed
the freedom that we enjoy-to-day with their own precious blood.
Our men are fighting to-day for the same cause. Shall we main-
os our freedom or vote for a government that has jeopardized
: A vote for Atkin is a vote for Laurier and a better govern=
ment, with two thoughts—justice, and ‘winning’ the war. - ’

TRON CROSSES FOR CANADA, *
Gm (y it were possible the Kaiser would not onl vote for th
Borden Governme but he would. Present Iro 4 :

The Iron Cross is a decoration for r meritorious service ren-
dered the rian cause. Te : 3

On December 17th two government roads will be re-o ened A

EX

<5

 
