 
 
  
   
    
    

ALE STILL CONTIN
FALL WILL SOON BE HERE ~ | kn
00DS VALUES THAT CANNOT BE DUPLICATED AGAIN AT THE PRICES

Don’t Miss This Opportunity :

Call at our store TO-DAY and gee the many money-saving values we are offering you.

 

 
      

WE ARE OFFERING IN ALL SUMMER G

 

Everything Points to Higher Prices on all Cotton Goods :

FAV
‘Through the steadily increasing cost of materials and difficulties in deliveries of goods, through the
shortage and epormous cost of labor, embargoes on railways, shortage of cotton crop, and steadily increasing

j

ANTICIPATE your -

high prices and demand for same on the mills for cotton cloth of all kinds, and the increasing demand
through the general prosperity of all classes of labor, and the last but most important factor is the UNITED
STATES GOVERNMENT coming into the market for enormous” quantities of Cotton, both raw and manu-

factured.

W. R. BOYCE

 

 

THE EOHO IS THE

If you are Considering

 

Buying. an
Rha c eA

| OIL STOVE

We beg to offer this suggestion :

Don’t Put 1t Off

 

They will be higher and hard to get

 

We are still selling that leading

FLORENCE RUTOMATIC

AT THE OLD PRICE.
EE
py You

Winter as we

to save. the coal.

’1l perhaps need it this
Il as Summer. Many
people use them summer and winter

& GO.

debt bb bbb bb bbb bE

+

+ HARROW. ¥
J 2 2 20 20 J J A 1 ot ee in
Edwin Drummond spent Sunday in

+
town.

Miss Pearl McLean, of Detroit,
| vacationing at home

Miss ‘Robinp Agln, of Arner, visited
over Sunday in town, 3

Mrs. Gordon Hughson was visitinig
in the city last week.

Mr. andl Mrs. Herbert Smith, of De-
troit, wee guests at A. Adams’ for a
few days

J. A, Secord and wife motored to
Detroit and points in Michigan, this
week, to wisit relatives.

Miss Mildred Tofflemire and Reta
Sinasae are spending the week with
friends im Leamington:

Mr, anid Mrs, Arthur Agla and daugh-
ter Mamie are spending a week with
his brother at Applegate, Mich.

The Sunday school of the Methodist
church will hold its annyal excursion
to Bois Blanc next Thursday.

Mrs. @llarence McLean and Miss
Flossie ord are spending a week
with relmtives and friends In Walker-
ville.

Mr. amd Mrs. Sexton, of Windsor,
are spendling the week at T. H. Fer-
rigs. Miss Maggie Ferriss Is holiday-
ing in Windsor and Detroit.

Miss Flora Tofflemire Is visiting
with Mims. May Sinasac this week.
They hawe gone to the lake to spend
=» few-dayys at the Killarney cottage in
Iler Settliement.

Miss Hillsle Beoman, of Essex, has
heen engaged as principal of the Har-
row contiinuation school. Miss Beaman
has hmil several successful years
teachizjg at Comber and Deseronto,
and is mn Art Specialist.

‘Will all' those who haye socks, pillow

cases or amy work for the Patriotic
Society, please bring it in on or be-|
fore Tuesdiny next to the Patriotic
rooms, Heaton Block, as the ladies
wish to maike a shipment. .
Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Madill and Mr.
and Mrs. Gi. Johnston and Miss Nina
Hughson mmtored to Strathroy the past
week by wmy of Port Huron and-Sar-
nia, returning Monday night, having
enjoyed a dielighttul trip.

The Suniday school of St. Andrews,
Harrow, amd Christ church, Colches-
ter, held ‘their annual picnic to Miss

is

 

    
  
      
 

  

 
 
  

      
   

5 Hours Ahead of
Papers.

 

Detroit Free Press

EVERY MORNING
THE SENTINEL-STORE
BELL BLOCK . HARROW.

Amherstburg to
Burg at 10 a.m.

1.0.0.F excursian,
Put-in-Bay, leaves

Friday, August 31st.
Attention.—Nothing becomes some-

thing: Household waste becomes
household by-products. If a person
causes two blades of grass to grow
where only one grew before that per-
son is a benefactor to his country. If

a person causes one blade of grass to |,

grow where none grew before that
person Is still more a benefactor to
the country, It is needless to elabor-
ate the shortage of male help or the
necessity for thrift at the present
time. Everyone knows the facts, and
everyone should use their utmost en-
deavors to avold these consequences,
Despite the fact that prices of waste
paper have been very low for the past
few months the Government is again
urging that everyone should co-operate
in the National Thrift movement by
saving all kinds of waste material
So please bring all your waste papers,
magazines, old acribblers, etc., to the
Patriotic League, Harrow.

The coal situation {8 nlready engag-
ing the attention of householders
hereabouts and many are laying in thelr
supply from Amherstburg, as it is Im-
possible to get any In Harrow. As
the same conditions exist at Leaming-
ton and Kingsville, there are many
conjectures as to the cause. The
theory that dealers have boycotted the

| Pere Marquette Company because of

delay in handing back cars Is scouted
because that could only apply to Har-
row, as Kingsville is-derved by the
W., E."& L. S.,'and Leamington by the
M.C.R., over which raflrond Amherst-
burg and Essex secure their supply.
The fact that all these dealers, Harrow,
Kingsville and Leamington, have been
securing thelr supply from the same
source would rather*argue thst there
is something wrong wtih ‘the base of
supply, which ought to be investigated

 

Bell's growe, Lover's Lane, on Tues-
day. There was a good crowd, and
the children greatly enjoyed them-
selves In Btames and bathing’ ’
Corp? Eric Rogers left Wednesday

and that right soon. For Harrow to
enter upon cold weather witliput coal
in sight would be an intolerable con-
ditions, - = “iA

J. A. Secord’s contract on Wall &

requirements for at least the balance of the season. It is through our giving you the advanfage of goods GE
baught at the Lower Prices, which when exhausted can be replaced only at greatly increased prices.

OFFICIAL PAPER OF THE TOWNSHIP OF OOLOHESTER SOUTH.

Toronto Morning }

    
 
  
    
  
  
    
     
 

HARROW.

Da ma nt bn a ee Bs
$ COLCHESTER SOUTH }

fodder ob sb dno rsfeso oe feoob de
Burbank plums ready next week. z
A. R, Ferriss, Harrow. :
Kenneth Martin and Miss Ina Med- | ian er
daugh spent Tuesday at Bob-Lo. :
Mrs. Adrien. Ford, of Detroit, has
been visiting her mother, Mra. John
Fox.
Mr. and Mrs. Earl Harrls, of Cleve-
land, spent part of last week at Lov-

You can hardly get along without a Kodak during the summer months,

Once you use one for a little while you will wonder how you got al i
out it. You find snapshots of interest 5 take most every ul Es Bu Withe

er's Lane. ved We have Kodaks at most any price you like from $1.25 up,
10.0.F. excursion, Amherstburg to R - o RE
Put-in-Bay, / lenves Burg at 10 a.m, We develop your films at roc each and give prints at 3c each,

Friday, August 31st. Now get a Kodak. They are just what you want,

Melvin and Charles Woodbridge vis-
{ted their uncle, Dr. Rodd, in Detroit,

a few days this week. A

Miss Mary Ann Waters is getting E. F. DARBY, HARROW. |

rinl on the ground for the erec-
tion of a new residence. : 3
DRUGGIST OPTICIAN STATIONERY

, NOTARY PUBLIC

 

Some one left a blue jean smock at
Dan, Ulch's on the day of the bee.
Loser can get it there.

Miss Ina Meddaugh, of Detroit, has
roturned to her home after spending
her, vacation at Wm. Martin's.

Miss Frances Martin has returned
to her home dn Oxley after spending
a week at Gesto with her brother
Percy. A

Mrs. Wm. Martin, grandsons, Mur-
ray and Bruce, and Miss Evelyn Tilley

 

 Pickl ing Time

 

 

 

[

 
 
  

 
   
   

  
   
  
   
 
 
    

is here and we are, as usual, prepared to provide your !
PICKLING NECESSITIES. m3” A full line of Spices.
43 Very best Cider Vinegar. k=" White Wine Vinegar -
‘Cans, Rubbers, Rings, &c. We will be pleased to supply you

F. H. FERRIS

hoped bd dled ob berobeoiobe bobo bb bbo bd

     
  
 
     
    
  
    
    
    

spent Mondey at Mrs. Harry Martin's,
Oxley. ;

Mr. and Mrs. Charles Larabee and
two daughters spent the. week-end
with the Intter's sister, Mrs. Alfred
Thompson, Windsor.

Miss Margaret Mayhew, of Utica,
Mich., has been visiting at her grand-
father's, BE. Wright's, and with other
relatives hereabouts,

William Mongeau and wife, Louls
Mongenu and wife, Mrs. Denis Bondy
and two children, of Windsor, spent
Sunday at Thomas-Lucler's. 1

G. S. Cornwall returned from -De-
trolt on Tuesday, after visiting his
daughter, Mrs. J. R. Fuller. Her con-
dition remains about the same.

The Church Workers of Christ
church will meet on Thursday, the
29th, at Mrs. Ed. Martin's, The meet-
ings have been well attended lately.

Mrs. William Iler and daughter Ber- | -
tha returned to their home in Detroit
after spending six weeks” with Mr.
and Mrs. G. Bissell. Mrs. ller is very
much {improved in health.

George Ellott, chief turnkey at the
Sandwich gaol, has been doing his |:
“bit during his vacation by harvesting
crops for the Allies while visiting rela- |°

“Home of Good Eats” W.S.T.B.
HARROW Phone 5

 

 

  
      
 

Special Notice

    
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
     
 
    
   

   

 

    
    
   
  
    

Have decided to close out my Tailoring business in:

     

   
 
 
  
    

Harrow, on August 31st. Am leaving for Toronto an a
will offer reduced prices. A genuine Clothing Sale... \

    
  
   
   
  

  

 

Anyone wishing a Suit at Honest Bargain Prices,
come quick.

WM. ‘BROOKLAND

HARROW, ONT:
N.B.--Goods by the yard.

ADD VALUE TO" YOUR: HOME

Lay

Co.'s canning factory 18 nearing com-
pletion in spite of several setbacks. The,
machinery has arrived and will be In-
stalled next week, when 4t Is expected
hat the belated sweet corn crop will
be ready for canning... Mr. Wall and
some of the directors made an inspec-
tion of the work on Tuesday and from
hints let drop, it Js inferred that once
the factory is put in operation it will
be kept going steadily not only on
sweet corn but also on beans and other
products. While little has been sald
about it, there has bedn a qulet invas-
lon of the early vegetable industry by
local growers who upom investigation
ascertained thot the soll and climate
sconditions in this district-are just as
suitable for the growill and ripening
of early tomatoes, cucumbers and oth-
er much sought after and quick money
getting vegetables ns in the Leaming-
ton and Ruthven districts, which up to
the present have had rather a mon-
opoly Of this branch of agriculture.
Inquiries by some local gardeners have
brought offers for produce that -in-
spired them withthe Idea of sbranch-
{ng out on a much larger scale. The
proximity of Détroit and other ready
markets 18 also a consideration not

for Londom to appear again before the
medical bivard for an examination
which he hojpes willbe of such 4 char-
acter as to allow him a two months’
leave of abisence at his home without
further hosipital treatment.

Joe Peters, the trultman, who is held
in Windsor far accidentally killing a
young man Swith his automobile Mon-
day night, lis brother-in-law to Joe
Hallo, of thifs place. He is well-known
here and thiroughout the county, and
many friendiy are sorry for the plight
he finds hinngelt in.

In addition to the usual list of sports
at the Oddffellows Labor Day celebra-
tion, three frames of baseball are be-
ing arranged with’ Windsor, Amherst-
burg and Harrow’ teams competing’
It the wenitherman dopes out regular
weather, this ought. to be a big day
in’ Harrow, :

Rev. J. W. Connor will exchange
 pulpits nowy Sunday with Rev, Mr.
Horton, off Epiphany church, Kings-
ville. © At ihe evening service In Har-
row the Imtter will particularly pre-
sent the cljpfmg for a new christening
font, which the Ladies’ Auxillary in-
tends to iimgtal in- St, Andrews. Spec-
ial' collection for that purpose. The

tives in Colchester South.

The Baptist Sunday schools of Har-
row and Iler picknicked at Edmund
Wright's grove, lake front, yesterday
(Thursday) in large numbers. The
day was spent very enjoyably.

A picnic will bé held on the grounds |
of St. Mark's A. M. E. Zion - church,
August 29th. Refreshments all day.
Members are requestéd to attend the
pleasant Sunday services August 26th.

Mrs. James H. Brown, of Harrow;
Mrs. M. Bray and Mrs. L. T. Bray, of
Amherstburg, motored to Windsor on
Tuesday and spent the day with Mr.
and Mrs. Alfred Thompson, of Wind
sor, =

Among the arrivals at the Alexandra
are Miss Grace Wilton, Detroit; Miss
Sadie Slagg, Windsor; Miss Irene
Stiffes, Miss Schultz, Mr, and Mrs,
Charles E. Corfe, Mrs. Philips and son
Balfour, of Detroit, ™

John W. Gibb and wife, of Amherst-
burg; Mrs, John Gibb, sr., and Miss
Miss "Althen Gibb, of Malden, were
guests of Miss Hackett Sunday.—Mrs.
Osean Davey and son Everitt, of De-
troit, spent a few days with her moth-
er, Mrs, J. Wright, and sister, Mrs.
Seymour. . y

  
    
 

 

  
    
   
   
     
   
   
      
   

     
  
  
  

  
   
   
  
         
    
    
 
     
      
   
     
 
 
     
 
  
  

a

      
 

    
  
   
  

   
 

  
 

C. RICHARDSON & SON
HARROW

Oak or Mah oghan y Clocks

| aeons con akon eroghany $10.00

Fumed Oak, Mantel” or Hall Clocks, $8.00
Y Alarms, from $1.25 to $3.00

A. G. TAYLOR Jeweler and Optician
—_——————————
~ Hanford’s Balsam of Myrrh.

may know its virtue. It isa guar-
for the human system as well

 

   

       
   
    
      
  
   
 
    
  
    
  
  
   
     
    
  
   
  
  
 

    
  
   
 

      
   
       
  
   
 

 

 

   
   
  
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
  

 

deb dbdbddtbdbb bth bb bbb bbok db bbb ddd ddd

      
   
   
   
  
   
   
    
    
    
     
  
    
     
    

|
i
i
|
:
;

 

 

 

     
   
   
  

 

    
  

 

  

   

  

Hardwood Floors in Your Living Room,
§ Dining Room and Bed Rooms,

Spend a few dollars doing this and
you will add at least $500 to the value,
of the house.

Come and Inspect our Samples.

     
      
    
     
    
 

    
    
    
 

 

Test it at our expense that you

  
     
      
  
   
  
 
   
  
   
  
  
 
 
 
   
  
 

    
   
  
  
   
    
   
   
   
  

   
   
  

 

  
 

   

  
    
  

   
  

nteed external remedy h I members ofthe church are asked to|to be overlooked. The erection of
3 as for domestic animals. y takes this into their serious consider- | Ereenhouses i and the growth of a i ‘
———" is — , | ation. ~ vegetables under glass are bound to + f o y=
Royal Purple Specifics and Calt Menl| Oak Tanned Harness made to your The Girly Potato Club are/ail puffed | come sho rily. Harysgi re oS Susion we Ne : ; : H AR . Ww =
2 order and an extra good line ‘of Rain |Gp-over the success of thefr venture| A: Subject which has never before (cao) McLean, Orley Snider Ralph | = } y
} ¥ {ek Food in greater: production. Thelr early |received any newspaper publicity and | pongy. ‘Roll Halstead and Lorne Mur- a bu L) LL |} o . a
Pratt's Remedies and Chic Coats, Nets, Dusters and Trunks at|orop is fini, and they are being com. | Re: Which'is of outstanding interest, |r, “fe latter goes to .Oirmangy : i —
—— plimentéd. by those who ought to |l8 tho large number of old people Who | Aiharta, to assist” his brother-in-law,

 
            
 
 
   
   

 

still enjoy a fair degree of health and

   
 
 
   

the old prices. know. Tie later crop shows signs of B. H. Wright.

 
 
 
  
     
  
 
 
   

   
 

   
   
   
  
   
  
 

    
 
 
   

     
 
  
  

 

 

  
 

~ sing = ?
Auto Top nud Body Dressiy hh bli w
1 ‘ ght and may rot produce the. am-|8trensth, residing in this ‘community. [yer "5og0ph Bowris Wind The well known artist, Guy Rowe, { Township, Clerk Madill.. Ho commenc-
HARROW Sunt looked for. No matter, the girls |WVhIle Harrow liag never laid clatuy'to ann ay anor: 18 of Detroit, who has been very busy |ed his survey at the upper end of the
B - ONTARIO |{£p!ayed a fine spirit, and sot a pace & any r place | yoo Newton and daughter roturnéd|with hls sketch book in the vicinity of | drain on the east hide of the road tn =
We 5 ARIY | tor others who may not be “doing |!n the county of Essex, ome would |i, Windsor Tuesday nfter a pleasant |Oxley for the last two weeks, was por the conter of lot 12 4n the 3rd conces-
thelr by judge from tho" great ages some of |} oo Cooks in Colchester—Mrs, Al-|sunded to exhibit his sketches to hisision and followed the course of the

drain down the stream to ita outlet

it” to the extent that they
‘ in the RI d drain. The

the people live to here’ that It must
have decided attributes causing long:
evity. The “Banana Belt” has been
credited with being one spot’ where
life Is indeed ‘worth’ living for its nat-
ural advantages and prolific produc
tion of food stuffs, and to this must
bo added tho greatéf advantage of its
[being a spot where the natural Ives
[3¢ its inhabitants stretch out far into
e winter of life. As proof of this
@ following is a list-of well known
citizens, whose ages resemble those
the psalmist must have had in mind
when he exclaimed, “The days of our
bo threp score ton; but 1} 04
y Te ur Mr, and Mrs. Thomas Herniman and
| granddaughter, Miss Gertrude Mellan-
fi |b, os, Sade, ors at Jo
re] ; us’, : A A
isthday; | Mooney has returned hom trom th

fellow guests at the Alexandra Satur-
day evening. “rhe character sketches ; :
made on the beach were great and the|| drain was last improved under a re-
beautiful list of landscapes were ‘sp-|port made by Alexander Baird, ’
preciated by all. : dated August 25th, 1903, and'has since ?
“Have property owners along the [that become badly filled up with :
Inke shore a right to put fences or|ment, so that its present capacity is.
barriers down to the water, thus pre-|not sufficient for the work required to
venting pedestrians from using the |be done. Mr. Newman reco!
beach?’ asks C. W. of Kingaville, that the drain be cleaned out, d
through the legal columns of a Toron-| ed ‘widened, at an estimated
to paper, and the following is the ans- | ot 34, which in
wer, which may interest”others: “If|which
thro 1p no reservation of 8 toad wa) ship.
ong the Iake:shore people:
right to use the ~béach™
license from tho owmer.

should,

William Brookland, who 1s advertis-
Ing a Closing salo, has decided to go
nto business at Colliugwood, and has

i store there for that purpose.
Mr. Brookland and family will leave
Harrow in the fall. They have heen
residents here for: some years, and
have firmly established themselves in
the respect of the people. Mr. Brook-
Iand 14 a first class ‘tailor and his
talents will find greater scope in thé
larger center to which he is going.
*Thero have bebn several near acc
dents on the Oddfellows’ corner, by
autolsty from different directions cut-

vorson has returned to Colchestor af-
tor visiting her sister in Buffalo.—
Miss. Mi 0 Hackett accompanied Dr.
and Mri. Rodd to Detroit, remaining
from Saturda yto Monday. 4
Rev. J. S. Leckie, of Leamington,
who has been supplying in the Baptist
churches here and at the Iler Sottle-
ment during the summer, preaches his
farewell-aermon next Sunday, and th
following Sabbath the new pastor,
Rev. Mr. Frears, of P will take
hold of his now flold. Mr. 0 won
golden opinions during tho summer
mand his services were highly appre-

   

THE HARNESS MAN :
Canning Sugar!

Tel fiousewile to secure the balance of
Tea gar, at a LOW COST, we wil
on Saturday, sell

; REDPATH’S GRANULA
- $8.85 per owl.
Remember this is a General Store. :
OF Nice line of Groceries always on hand. Hh eae
bos Suits left, which are selling at cost. © lia placad tore that suse of ‘wrsing hn
A few Mens and a uf x “ Ea i

Our with who peralst {n
/ agon

   
   
  
  
  
    
   
 
 
     
 
  

  
   
  
 
 
 

    
  
 

 

 
 
 
 

 

    

   

  
     
   

 

    
  
  
   

    

 
   
 

at

 
  

 
  
  

  

{ us|
