  
 
  

¥
|

  

 

(Geological Survey Report.)

The writer 1s indebtéaWo; 31, B, Brian, en,

John Millen, Treasurer of Eggex county, and the Rey, Thoms: Nattress, of
Amherstburg, for theip courtesy and assistance, The report contains a shoyu
description of the topography @hd geology of the dounty, a summary of the
materials available for founds in the county, and a dotalled description of
the materials available in the various townships. It is accompanied by a

map. Three samples of gravel and two of stone from this county have been
tested In Toronto by G. C. Parker,

 

gineer of the City of Windsor;

assistant engineer to the Commissioner of | places 18 feet decp, The extent of the gravelly portion {8 not known. There About 30 per cent. of the pebbles oyeér one-quarter neh in diameter are Worth a Goines a Box Tia
Highways of Ontario. I8 28 a rule so much sand with tho gravel that the amount which is avall- composed of some hard rock such fs granite, trap, or quartzite, the remain- Soh chat Vetus ta Wosies srawith Every Bes
TOPOGRAPHY AND GECLOGY. able for economical extraction must be a small proportion of the whole |der being largely limestone with some shale and sandstone. In the wenth- od 2

Essex county f(s situated at the southwesterly end of southern Ontario,
It {s a peninsula with Lake St. Clair on the north, Lake Erie on the south,
und the Detroit River on the west, The topography is that of on flat fenture-
less plain. The highest ground cuts through the county in a southwesterly

direction from the neighborhood of Winddor to Leamington and forfs tlio
watershed between Lakes St. Clair and Erie.

The watershed {s marked by a low, narrow ridge from Essex village to
Oldenstle and slightly more {rregular topography between Ruthven and Leam.
ington, The highest area lies east of Leamington, and where the Pere Mar-
quette Railway crosses it the elevation on the hfll top is 734 feet above gea-
lavel or 162 feet above Lake Erfe. The old Talbot military road follows the
crest of the divide nearly all the way from Windsor to Leamington. Several
gluggish streams empty into the lakes and the river. The largest are the
Canard river and Cedar creek on the south, and Pike Creek, Belle and Rus-
comb rivers on the wit Mid of the divide.’ The shores of Lake St. Clair
and o part of the Detroit River are low and swampy and so {8 a section of the
Erie shore west of Kingsville. East of Kingsville the shore {8 a high wave-
cut bark a8 far as Leamington. Point Pelee, farther cast, 8 a long, low gand
spit projecting into the lake.

The bedrock of the county is covered by a thick deposit of boulder clay
with a few ridges and flat areas of sand and gravel on top. This doposit
probably ‘averages nearly 100 feet in. thickness over the eounty. The only
outcrop of rocks are at Amherstburg and on Pelee Island. Information ob-
tained from well borings Indicates that the larger part of the county is under-

Total | TAIbot road is too heavy for this gravel without an artificial binder. Bogs, Zonisining dyes from! te *
lair by the lower formations of Devonian age, while a small section in the & 3 ope "ti
southwest corner may be of upper Silurian age. The rocks in thess forma. . Talcknom Wighnoss The Sand and Gravel Deposit West of Leamington. ng thal, In fos Dues
tions sie Jafeely ieslonet sh some Slee 1. Drift clay with a few boulders on the surface Stoll A large deposit stretches from near the lake shore southwest of Leam- | cutting. small eye pleces, only. one
he i ou ons ay 4 a oo ay Lary ng Tafnnte of stone and weath- 2, Onondaga. formation. ' _.|Ington northward for 4 miles. Its outlines are quite irregular and it ‘lies [fourth of as potato, possibly one-fifth,
ering ye oN a  rtias. _ West and south of Leamington it is ovérlain (a) Crinofdal Hmestone .................. 1 party in MefBea and partly in Gosfield South. - need be used. And in these days
by fine Jape a) ah which fs ten bedded. West and northwest of Leam- (b) Thin-bedded limestone “6 The deposit lies in a flat-topped ridge about one-lalf-mile wide on top [when potatoes are being accepted,for -
ington Is a large ehosie of sand and gravel in which the beds are Irregular (c) Dolomijtic limestone ,.,................ 8 and resembling an irregular horseshoe. A low bai connects the two prongs. [movie theater admissions that’s some .
in shape and dip. This deposit apparently overlies the fine-bedded sand Just (d) Dolomitic Hmestond with more mag- The main ridge drops abruptly about 20. to 30 feet to the south,” west and |saving.
referred to. In Sher placts deposits of gravel and sand rest directly on the f “nesta‘than in capd d..,......7..... 18 north. Its slope to the east is more gentle. “Proper attention to fertilization
boulder clay. The ank sands and gravel I the county have probably been 33 The deposit is fairly well stratified and from the Michigan Central (o |and watering Is most important. To
deposited largely by glacial streams. The boulder clay fs a deposit left by 3. Anderdon formation. ‘| the Pere Marquete pit the beds, whefe seen, dip east and north," or in gen- [plant a ‘plot 50 by 100 feet will call
the ice sheots which covered this part of the continent during the Glacial (a) High grade limestone carrying from eral toward the fnside of the horseshoe, "In Smith's pit on the south edge |for from one and two-thirds to two
period. Doposits of sand and gravel on the beaches have been formed by 97 to 99 per cent. CaCO.3....,.,..... there 1s a northerly dip. All the beds in any one cut do not all dip at the | bushels of eye seeds, The seeds cam
the action of waves and are in formation to-day. (b) Low grade limestone carrying about & plus b 30 | same angle, and in many ‘instances a flat bed will lie over or under one |be pared from the potatoes from day
ROAD MATERIALS 60 per cent. of "CaCO3........... ~. 71 to 74 | made of a number of steeply dipping layers.

SUMMARY.

There I8 very little rond material in Essex county. The northern tier of
townships along Lake St. Clair is practically deyoid of rond metal. In the
western, townships the material are of poor suality and in small amount.

Aundrea i 1a d in feet must be protected: from frost. i;
3 rea The quarry has been in operation for over one hundred years. he o (A). Sandy rlisty ravel Joan. duoc: oo ooo TR 3 “Potatoes thrive best In a sandy
Snare ng sam lama iia  ToLvast the Silusslof Pesex workings lle to the Bouthwest of the present site, The new quarry has not (b) Fine gravel dipping east?......*. RE Cy 214 {soll but they will grow in any soil
smaller scattered deposits elsewhere. Field stone occurs in abundance in a | been worked for two or three years, and the holo Is filled with. water. It is (¢) | Finely cross-bedded sind having a feathery appearance 114-3 except loose sand or thick clay, pro-
small area Just north of the village of Colchester and in small amount in | {Ereégular iin shape, and about.§00 by 400 by 10 to 50 feet. A small crushing (d) Alternate layers of fine sand and fine gravel/well bedded 3-4 vide it is well drained. Land should :
other parts of Colchester South and Gosfield South townships. Bedrock is | Plant and loading crane stand paxtly immersed in water on the southeastern (e) Sand, cross-bedded in places. ...: 5 be well cultivated. If possible ft
to be hand at Amherstburg and Pelee Island. side of the hole. Loading bins ovel the railway spur, an engine honse, and (f) One-half inch sandy gravel............ 11, |should be plowed about seven inches?

GRAVEL. . OINer suatey buildings are on od Rorthsasiom dda ie qyarsy was oper. LY Srayel with clay, pebbles ! 4 deep and Pulpariaed. Fertilizing is i
ated by the: company; the pure limestones Yound in it were used as reagents \ an 1 | highly essential. $

a oS Erarls vie a s.r ack sendy aud SS thared 1 in their cliemical works, and only an occasional load of waste was sold. The (1) “Gravel % to % fnch,. 1 | “Besides potatoes many vegetables =
durability and resistance to the wear of traffic. Almost any‘of these gravels | Writer examined every layer of limestone exposed in the quarry and found (J) Sand 2 might: be planted by persons having
would improve the many miles ‘of clay roads in the county over which the | all of tiem very soft. The stone has been uged on the nearby roads and is (k) Gravel 314 land they could use for truck gardens.
trafic. Is comparatively light. Practically none of them would stand up for | 58d to cement well, but to wear to-a fine and extremely troublesome dust AD Sand 1% | A garden should be fairly level but
more than 4 very short time under, say, 300 vehicles per day without an | In a short time; The stone is not recommended for use on roads: . well drained. A sunny éxposure 8,
artificial binder. The gravels would give much better wear if as Httle weath- Along ithe Livingstone ship channel, which has been excavated in the 2 xs 20 to 32 |needed. Weeds must be killed. Sul-
ered ‘material as possible were used. The weathéred material binds quicker | middle of tthe Detroit river, great piles of stone have been dumped. A sample The upper part of thé section from a to d is shown in Plate V. The phate of potash is a good mntur 3
because of the clay it contains, but is softer than the clean, unweathered| Was collectted nearly opposite Gordon station, north of Amherstburg. In the | beds points 100 feet “apart the | when used In connection with ma-%
gravel. If the unweathered gravel be placed om a clay bottom there Is | Summer of 1914 it was being dug by the Dunbar and Sulllvan Company of | succession will be entirely different. From the Michigan Central. pit to the | nure’
every reason to ‘believe that enough clay will eventually mix into the road | Itiver Rouge, Michigan, with a steam shovel dredge having a 2'4-cubic yard | Talbot roud the gravel is sald to lie largely toward the eastern front of the | OH You CABBAGE HEAD?
gurface to bind It together. The screening but of the fine sandiin deposits | dipper, loadied on’ barges, taken to the Michigan side for crushing, ‘and sold | main ridge, the western part being mainly sand. ¥ ’ 4

which contain large quantities of sand will be found advantageous, since |
coarses gravel will not grind to dust as rapidly as fine.

All the samples’ tested are fine, that {s they contain’ more sand than |
gravel and this {s charactérfstic of nearly all the deposits. in Essex county. |
The, percentage of wear of the coarse aggregate in thé sample from Talbot
street 4% miles southeast ofsEssex {8 6.6, the cementing value of the coarse

r por cen sand uth Ll :
south, the ridges are practically 0) aud, The
the pebpvos seldom over one Inch. The depobkit is Jouth
several ‘eet and the weathered part contains a 1
Hard pehles vary in amount from 30 to 70 per cent. of
and shale up to 40 per cent.
and gheles up to 40 per cent.
Js absent or poorly developed. ‘
A good deal of gravel and sand has been dug In the town of Sandwich,
According to local authorities the supply that was available in the town has
heen exhausted, and what remains cannot bg developed. North of Ojibway
several hundred cuble yards have been taken from a number of pits, which
have apparently been abandoned for a long time. There {8 more gravel 10
he had in that neighborhood, however, and It compares favorably in quality
with that seen at Sandwich, 4

The deposit as a whole varfes from 3 to 10 feet, and Is in one

=k

     
   

They are subangular fn shape. Strati:ication

They ore subangular in shape.

  

  

deposit. The muterfal 16 on the whole of poor qunlity; it contains a largedared portion the shales and

proportion of soft pebbles, and is In general too sandy for good rond metal,

A granual metric test of y sample from the main street of Sandwich is given | clay and

on page 90.

A small deposit of the same kind lies in a low ridgs noar, the Wallington
hotol on the Detroit river shore 14 miles soutn ¢f Ojibway. Oo other de-
posits of road metal were seen in Sandwich ‘West township.

ANDERDQN.

vél 16 fine and

  

  
  
    
  
  

300 to

 
 

ber of

be

posed.

oxide and little or no clay.
More than a dozen small

of the
depths

wo eo
A narrow ridge

Is so slight that ite ridge-like

down to the flat, but the soutr

m are no longer worked,

ry “of it of ;

I gravel extends

   
   

from

The ridge is fles long

 
 

nearly 1,000 feet wide,

 

 

plnces on the northeast

pther pe
As a result this part of the
is stained with fron oxide.

Judging from

the amount of material removed from them

yards. The weathered part has probably nearly all g

» cement blocks,
A deposit of coarse sand waa seen In a creek flowing Into the Canerd, k

lot 12, Concession IV, and streaks of gravel can be seen on the banks of the
Detroit. No other gravel deposits weresfouad in that township, The deposit.
in lot 12, concession IV, has to be dredged out of tne creek bed, It is a
coarse sand with 10 to 16 per cent. over one-quarter inch in size. The sand
Is sald to extend for one-half mile downstream. It is 3 to 4 feet deep in

places and the bed of the strenm was 30 feet wide at the point examined,
but sand {8 not to be found all over ft.

If the length of the ridge is taken as 8 miles
and depth all over 3 feet,
1,700,000 cublc yards.
material which contains a good
the remainder is sand under on
great many bulldings on it and grave
being held at $1,000 per acre.

Of that

It is

Outside of Pelee Island, Anderdon contains the only quarry In Essex sand and gravel present will ever be excavated.

county, and probably the only outcrop of bedrock. The quarry is 1% miles
Aorth and east of Amherstburg: It Mes west of the road between conces-
glons I' and II, just south of the Michigan Central tracks, to which it is
gopnected by a spur. «The surface of the quarry is about 30 feet over the

level of the Detroit river and the following geological section is exposed
from the top down. >

 

The details of this section were obtained from Rev. Thomas Nattress,
Anuberstburg. According to Mr. Nattress a small centroclinal basin und
lies tie site of the quarry. The drift {8 29 feet thick one-quarte

sonthiwest, 60 feet thick one-quarter mile to thc nortirwest and

45 feet deep
23% muiles north by west.

for mncadarm and concrete work,
200 feet wile at the base,
long.

The rack is light buff, somewhat porous and banded.
limestone carrying about 10 per cent, of ‘magnesia and a very little silica;
Inder tie midrbscope the grains of calefte appeir angular and close fitting.

The dump on the Canadian side {is large,
60 feet high in places, and ‘more than

The gravel contains 30 per cent. of hard pebbles and the
portion should be fairly durable material.

softer, but contains considerable clay which |

face.
On

a better rond if the weathered mate

of | and fn places they

er- | layers of sand and gravel which occur in no de
r mile to the {a section in the pit of the Windsor Sand and

The alternation of the sand and gravel beds ‘is shown in the
3,000 feet | The proportion ‘of sand variey as indicated nnd
Layers of fine
It {s a magnesiany sand Is found In a few pits.

material on the surface,

pits.

are not of great

a rond with clay bottom the clean grav
rial on top is le

Many
overlap like shingles on a roof.

Gravel (

 

lateral ‘extent, and at

silt are found in many p|

Clay occurs in the 1 to

d and 2 lot 282 fn the vil;
to a depth of | Besex, Gosfleld North, foe outheasterly direction as far as Jot 260, Gosfield |
poportion of clay. | South, and two smallef de | déposits lie between this point Olinda
\Wholg, ‘sandetones | poatofiice, m

its crest for nearly the whole way.
Stratification | foot above the general lev

and the Talbot road follo
The crest of the ridge 8 from b to 12
el of the flat country on both sfdes.. It {8 from
averaging perhaps 60D fest,
character is not always appar
ern side there {8 often n rather abrupt slope
eastern slope Is very gentle,
The sand and gravel le on un bottom of boulder clay,
at about the level of the surrounding plain.
nnd weathered to a depth of from 2 to b feat,

boulder clay there is in many plages un rather ff
or two |'60 per cent. of the deposit appears to be sand,

one on the
: roads, the unweathered bottom part is used for local concrete

finite order.

 
 
 

laces and a

TH

    

and the elevat|

which appears

The gravel {s unstratified ;
At the bottom just aver the ,
ine sandy bed. From 30 to |

bbles are in many cases entirely decom-
deposit contains a large percentage of
The unweathered part contains no fron

pits have been opened on this ridge and some
their respective areas and
Is over 175,000 cubic

neighboring
work and for

, its average width 400 feet,
the amount of sand and gravel present {8

The ridge has

1 land fs -very expensive, some of it
probable that only a small portion of the

el wil bind and it will make
Traffic on the

ft ont.

of them are lens shaped.
They consist of alternate
The following is
Company :*

Thickness

5 feat of

indicated in the.accom-

lon,

ent. In a num-

bout
quantity about 50 per cent. is weatliered

deal of clay. Thirty to seventy per cent. of
e-quarter inch in diameter,

unweathered
The weathered part 8 much

ielps in binding the road sur-

Aaction.
it is high In the two largest
thin bed. of clayey

weathered
but the unweathered material ig practically free
from clay. The durability of the gravel varies as

  
 
    
 

aga of |

lon

   

 

.

 

TIME RIPE TO START
© THAT POTATO PATCH

Expert Gives Advice to Amateur
Gardeners.

 

 

Now Is the ideal time to begin that °
little potato patch in your back yard.
Advice to the amateur agriculidrist
who Intends to combat the H. €. of
L. by the garden patch method ‘is
given by Dr. E. P. Schaffter, in charge
of the local office of the burcau of
animal husbandry of the Department
of Agriculture. 4

Even if you haven't a big garden
you can raise some potatoes in large,
deep boxes—and thus keep prices
down.

“To raise the kingly potato cheaply
and profitably,” said Dr. Shafter,
“one should cut cone-shaped pieces

a

to day. The cuttings should be spread
out on a plece of paper in a moder-
ately cool room and left until the sur-
|face is dry. Then they should be
stored away In “a cooler place, but

 

The people of this city have bdcame
shock proof Im regard to high food
prices. © However, a few Sarnia wo--,
{men In a locwl store on Sof urday
{Tast felt that the newest and [izgest

 

  
 
   
   
       
   
    
       
  
   
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
    
  
  
   
     
  
  
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
     
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
 
  
  
   
      
  
 
  
   
  
   
 
 
 
    
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
   
 
   
    
   
 
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
 
   
   
 
  
   

  

 

: he wes a The resulta of a test made by G. C. Parker, of the staff of the Commissioner | panying table. The hardest material is apparently: found dn the southeast. [Domb yet had exploded. And jt wah
hy van on ET ast of te Ho or. Tne comeniing Fale of Highways of Onfarlo, upon the sample collected fs given on page 93. The | erly pits. The percentage of soft material in this gravel Indicates that It is {only a perfectly quiet and hi le
2 we Pf Alar La Sandwich had a cementing value of 6 for coarse and |Tesults lindicate that this.stone is unsuitable for road Work. not suited for heavy traffic. The road going souls, from Leamington be. |100KIng ae s, What Is i LE
13 for fine. The wear of the last two samples’and the cementing value of SANDWICH SOUTH AND COLCHESTER NORTH. : tween the corner of Oak street and the north end of concession I is sald to B3ked oe re raman 3 ans
2 rrogate. in ithe. first coiliBnot be detorniinedsbecese of the aml Nuirrow discontinuous ridges of gravel extend from near Pelton, lot 12, [iave been surfaced-with gravel from.Fraser's pit In the summpr of 1912, | the vegetable, ha re
) COMrse agErega egute in the sample. The high percentage of wear in | concession VI, of Sandwich South, in u direction” south by east to the Canard | When seen inthe Tate summer of 1914 It was in fair. condition, but furrows Answered the dealer without a quiv-
Amount ‘of a appa. er; ML of Egsex.is due.in a great measure : TIVer nar Gesto in Colchester North. The location of the ridges sketched 6 ifiches wide ware worn all, along the length of It. This road Is subjected | &F ~ Then he, placed Ha cabbaga’ on
the sample ED Ne rtion of th& deposit wasHneludad fn’ the | from such information as could be obtained in the. field fs shown of the mop, 0 moderately heavy trafic and if Kept in repair the surface will doubtlessly {tie scales. “Seven pounds—just. 70
to ie fact thatthe Weathered po : kj — The sowanlled “ridges” are seldom oWr 4 or 5 feet high, and about 400 Tat Tor a Tew yelirs 1onger == A aT F Te oni Ls shoraeet dismayed
iy 4 stafled lle- | fe0t in width, They are,not easily recognized as ridges by the inexperienced Two very Iarge pits have been excavated In these ridges and a number} y v 7 :
The Chitacter Hg ras ts dismmsedin tie yells observer, but are generally 50 referred to by the inhabitants, “The upper few | of smaller ones, the izes of which are given in the accompanying table; A [Of corn home,”,safd the woman who
Seriptiol oo komm, Sr Le Sn ag Ta I road southeas: of Esbex | fect of the deposit is wenthered and contains clay and other impurities; the |total of more than 2,000,000 cubic yards of sand and gravel has been exca. 18d asked, when she ciyerad, And
South a os jo terial, ~The: weathered portion, which is softer, hbw- | 10Wer-2:0r-3 feet is fairly free from clay. The gravel and sand rest directly | vated from them and about-80 per cent. of the total amonnt came form the tore. it yh Je nkfew daye pi +
are fairly durable Ot ofthe deposits. The big deposit northwest of |-On the bouilder clay which lies at the surface all over the réht=of the town. | two larger pits, Nos. 17 and 22, mentioned in the table, The amotnt avail. | 2°0re I pay nedrly a dollar for Boab k
ever, forms oa. Lp oe ae ald durable gravel lying toward itd | 8p. Straliification is-ahsent from the deposits. The gravel Is fine, pebbles [able must be enormous. Opposite. the Michigan Central pit (No. 17) gravel) P38." said another as she marc ed
L820 fron aries Ji» Tore gravels is apt to be good, except | rarely beinig over: oneialf fnch in diameter. They are angular to rounded | has been found from 16 to 25 feet down; near the Talbot road it js from ‘4 OUt-—Samnia Canadian.
itor LT 1 rary ly {and from 2 to 50 per cent. of them are hard and durable.

Sand Is present [to 50 feet deep with the last 10 feet in places in fine sand. The total'of sand EL
nsiderable sand and gravel from the local deposits haye been success- | ID IaT€e Quinntities, but is often coarse and ratuer sharp, A

number of small |a8 well as gravel may run to 100,000,000 cublc yards. What proportion of
fully used In mearby concrete construction, especially in building barn foun-| Pits 3-9 fedit deep have been dug inthe deposits and a total of some 30,000 | that |

   
 

  
   
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
  
  
  
 
 
 
    
      
   
  
 
  
 
   
    
  
    
   
 
 
  
   

  
 
   
 
 

 

REGARDING DEPARTMENTAL ry)

 

Io sand cannot be’ estimated with the data at hand, but it is probably STORES. 4
: Bere been laid down in | cubic yards; removed. Water is apt to stand in the bottom of any of these |present in greater amount than the gravel: . ’
og. A Soe many ee os pare ge their construction | Pits. The upper 2 or 3 feet of the material {8s as a rule put on the roads, The gravel seen dn the various

pits is fairly free from Impurities, but (Simcda Reformer,)

f ; : :
have come practicaly entirely from outside the county. the lower floot or two which 18 unweathered, 1s used in local concrete work. | contains much sand and fine silt;

it i8 also, except in a few pits, composed The local post. office staff handled
From a pit. about one-half mile north of Oldeastie off the east half of lot 303 | of rather soft material. Details regarding pits within this large deposit are [8 ton and a half of Eaton's cata-
CRUSHED STONE. - the weathiored portion has been sold at 20 cents per yard and the unweathered | contained in the following table. i logues last week. According td the
at $1 per yard, The result of a test made upon a sample of the unweath- 2 theory of the man who eays ft does.
The field stone in Colchester South and Gosfield South townships is very | ered gral from this pit is given on page 90. PBELEE ISLAND: {not pay to advertise, Jack Eaton must
largely made up of hard durable boulders and if crushed it would make an I

ation and wearing surfade for sny of the country roads in
a require & gravel or other binder. The material in Gosfield
South {8 not present {n large amount and {8 scattered over such a wide area
that it would probably not be aconomical to haul it to. any particular road |
and instal a crusherito prepare it for the road surface. A mile or two
north of the village of Colchester there is much more stone to be had and
probably enough to pay for the Installation of a small portage crusher.

The, gravel from these deposits hps been used to surface certain of the
neighfsoring roads,

traffic is not very

  
 
 
    

and where the roads are properly maintained and the

with gravel, presumably from a neighboring pit, fitteen years ago.
then it hes been kept in repair‘and.is now seraped

census taken in August, 1914; showed that one hundred and fifteep vehicles
a day passed over this road, of which perliaps 80 per cent. were automobiles,

Stone outcrops along the northern sh
he southern part of Pelee Island.

heavy, it has given fairly good satisfaction. One or two |!

a by Captain John McCormick, Scud

miles of road leading northwest of the vilage of Oldcastle was first porinced lies Within a few hundred. fest of

after every, rain, A trafflo 'From the top-down it consists of:

(ay

a small pier.

Thin-bedded grey fairly tough Hmestoné beds
inches thick 5

ore. and across about one-third of
On the northern shore is a quarry owned

der P. O., Pelee Island. The excavation |
It is about 400x200x20 feet. | Simcoe n week or 80 ago for distribus

|be sending out these picture books to *

{amuse the children.—Amherstbirg
Echo. A
The Baton Catalogues that came to

| tion In this comthunity filled a couple Ey
of ‘big ys. We fancy Norfol 3

   
    
   
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
 

      
  
   
   
    

  
  
    
  
    
 
 

) ge ii oR EV 6 feet |county’s share of the cost of the Eaton *

The stone, at the quarry near Amherstburg and that on the side of the The, traffic at other times of the year is said to be, greater. is road, when rey sandy or shaly.- limestone, beds edch 9 inches 5 Catalagu§ would come pretty close to
Livingstone cut in the Detroit river is very soft. Several miles of rodd near seen, was In very good shape, and is an example of what can ba dons with 1 Tg TERETE Ee A ya 4 meeting the advertising bills of all
Amberstburg have begn surfaced with stone from the quarry. It wears | giqve) of this type, when the rond surfaces are properly maintained and’ the (¢) © Buff limestone weathering grey, beds irregular from 1 the merchants of Simcoe. The gues:
easlly to a fine palpable dust and it cannot be recammended for use on roads | trava) over them f{sslight. The wenthered partion, which {8 usually” used . to'3 feet thick......... rereeaans Satie a FEN : 9p tion 8, whose {8 the better judgment,
The Pelee Island stone is also quite soft. : or” exclusively on the road, is

 

not as durable as the lower and cleaner gravel

The results of the tests show that the stone from both localities is un- obtained If the whole bed or the clean gravel only

the Eaton Company's, or the. town
merchant who, parrotlike, keeps on
muttering over his formula; “It doesn’
pay to advertise.” Eaton's are overy
year spending more mohey on adver-
tising; every year there are convine:

ing signs that they are cutting more

and hatter results would be : : ;
suitable for phe making af macadam roads. Cae = Wera used, . E S The stone is S511 us fubible at Wheatley at from $8 to $10:per cord. The
; yi [vss ‘made upon the gravel from the ‘pit near Oldcastle, referred to | TUBTTY was opened abou years ago. 2 /
OUTSIDE SOURCES OF SUPPLY. above, showed that ft had a ‘high cementing value and wi composed Inrgely | On the west side of the fi and not far fromthe west wharf is a quarry
Sand and gravel dredged from the St. Clair river near Point Edward in ; of sand under gpeguarter inch. The sample included th .unweathered part [0¥10d by Willlam McCormick. The quarry lies fb a ridge standing about 30

? the gravel 0j1y.* The amount of gravel available for rond making in these | {28t over flat land to both the south and north of it. From the top down the
the Cadwell Sand & Gravel Company at Sand- | 9 fly. f gi {lable aking in ES ?
oy is hs for concrete and other uses. At Sandwich | 46posits is not Very great. . beds in the quarry ares

19 feet -

 

   
 

  

         
    
   
 

  
   
   
   
 

  
  
    
 

  
    
  
 

   
    
 

      
      
    
  
 
    
    

  
    
     

 

   
   
   
  
 
  
  
   

    
 
   

   
   

] ; RE ve Ar ; * |deeply Into the business of town nes

a 1%-cublc yard bucket. {- A conslderaple amount of, field stone 1s to be found on lote 1. 2%and 3 a n ed limestone .................. AE 4 fect ~|chants. While ao majority—not all,
the gravels mmlcaded with ha a a 2% the dock. Four | toncessien VI, 3¢ ColchesterNorth, but no field stone was seen in any otlier om Boavy ganive Rodded limestone. 15." but a majority—ot the merchants
The material i» porened SB the Fiver ty sold at $1.87 per cable 1. The | Part of the WO, townships. ; gs 2 - (c assive bed of Hmestones......,........... 3 every ova in Obtasio PHudlysre
mr oh on the dock consfsts of about 75 per cent: of hard rock Several smay MALDEN AND COLCHESTER SOUTH. * " ’ Togs ol, 300 why hd or
pebbles oad only of 20 to 25 per cent..of limestone and soft pebbles. It | 3 car oy Jeposits of gravel and sand, lying In a string, trend south-

them and refuse to apply the remeds
The town merchant caunot
city department store by sitting in
office and wringing his hands. Bn

east from Near North Malden, fn Malden towns
west of Harro chester South; one. or ‘two deposits of grayel are

found north an, of Harrow; and a considerable amount of flelll stone
occurs Botwoen th villages of Colchester and v

Water stands at 22 feet from the top of the rock,
another 6 feet or so to near lake level.
under the hammer; large blocks can be

ghould make very durable road material, of better quality than any of the

X in the county. : : .

bar oooh Sve tone is said to sell at Leamington at $1.37 per |

| cubic yard. This Is one of the better ‘classes of broken stone produced in

; but can be let down
D, to a point about 4 miles The beds lie flat and are rather soft
obtained from this quarry.

An old pier abort 400 feet away had at one time 16 feet of water along-

    
      
 

   

 

     
 

    
   
      
   
  
 
  
 
  
    
  

   
    
     
  
  
  
 
 
  
   
   
  
   

   

        
     
 

Harrow and in other places. |= 3 he will only recognize his: positi
are The’ gravel daposits which extend from North Mald ‘the .8 side. The harbor is open to the west. The quarry was worked 25 years Ago | will find that he has more-th
| ay fro! agersvill Epos! v m en to the southwest
1 : Ontario for Daa med), bo rH RT TR ir Ee aro very SMAL their usual depth is from 3 to 4 fewt, and 3 and the stone sold for construction in tho

counter in his hands In the game
the city store. He is on the spot:
is personally known to tho comm
ho wishes to cater to; some of
cists are lighter; he can make good
stantly any error. that occurs;
‘will adopt as hisown, the two
trenchant weapons of the depar
store, live: advertising ‘and de)
able service, he will at least
“draw™ in the fight. ay

oe a

IT DOESN'T. PAY.
ardt ge

A man may hold. opinions
Ing matters and. things ‘that
would not’ look well in print, a
'koeps them to they

  
 

    
   
   
   
 

1 Welland canal at 25 cents per
are ‘entirely iyard at the quarry. !

8 are "~~ On the south end of the Island stone outcrops over a large grea. It Is
[re underlain of somewhat the same character as that at Wm, McCormick's Tot] The
Kelly Island Stome Company of Kelly Island have bought 100 acres’ of stone
at this place. .: = S- Fo Pan ; .

* The restlt of a test made ‘upan stone from Capgain John Me¢Cormick's
quarry. is given on page 93. : » “a

be had from the Canada Crushed Stone Corporation at Dundas.
a bod trap rock can be delivered at Detroit, opposite the city of |
Windsor at about $1.35 per ton .fi0.b. boats at the dock. To these Juire
would be added the cost of unloading which ‘would vary from 5 cents i
cents per ton, depending upon the speed at which the boats can we 8-
charged. ‘There is no dobt that Bruce Mines trap rock is of much to
quality ‘for road making than any limestone or gravel that can be abtain

   
   
  
 
 
   
   

   
  

   
 

     
     
 
 

 

  
  
 

 

  

ORL

   
  
 

     
 

  
 

  
   

For about thirty

less continuous

more than 300 test across, Several of the more nortlierly ones :
worked Gut; thestwo southerly are the largest. The deposits
| olay and are in a number of places. weathered right down to the
5 Huterfill Is fine, the pebbles’ nn a rule under 1 neh, from 650 to
nt. iy sand, and cloy {s always u present, The pebbles are subangular
od 844 about 25 per cent. are of durable rock types. ‘The gravels are;
! , but should fmprovesthe neighboring: ronda if
nis - Ontavio,'and {t is to be hoped that some of the trap rock from no Saretully . aid rh rr
the moOrth shore of Lake Huron will be used In the nefghborhood’ of Windsor 1 of Tel ue ound Su eoncessions IMand nl ae
ond other ports. ~~ : Gor p A n IIT, "50" per<cent. of the Jopoult 1a sand, the,
“DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF DEPOSITS. : ] re Sou rfrate from: oushulfte’} inch In diameter, are subangular
: Pa phon’ } he "Der Gant. of them are ‘of’ : “The. f
OF SANDWICH BAST, MAIDSTONE, ROCHESTER, TiL- stratified, abint 7 reet deep, and 2
TOWNSHIPTS- OF TRY NORTH AND TILBURY WEST. _ |zellow or cay. It o¢ i the farms “Mel
; 8 of Lake St. Clair is a more or and v ack.
EE oF itech Wha aa 3 10.5 Tene same character

  
   

  
  

)

 

   
 
 

  
  

mself
cOnrs harm anyone, but if he unbi
1 | ) to 1 inch ina good de swore, oe
a deep. It fa under! by clay and contains Jura Tatars) W 8 = od de Ee - on i
fow places; but in very small amounts and of very pod :
Ta seen in lots "15 and 16 along the lake front in Tilbury North. A Teely

 

is obtaned from this piace In winter.

    
  

our toy ns

   
  

from the lake at low water near
There is very little to be

Creek, less

   

‘sald to have

good. dad of sand
: i
lage of Stoney Point. in i

of
