Eire

mation calling out the men
Military Service Act, 1917.

REAS it is pro-

vided by our Militin

. Act of Canada, Re.
vised Statutes of Canada, 1906,
chapter 41, Section 69, that
our Governor-General of Can.
ada in Council may place our
Militia of Canada, or any part
thereof, on active service any.
where in Canada, and also be-
at any time when it appears

And Whereas that part of our militin of Canada known

¥ ? as the Canndian Expeditionary Force is
now engaged in active service overseas for the defence an i

he defence thereof,
Y reason of emergen:

advisable 55 to do b

such re-enforcemen:
. Service Act, 1917, hereinafte:
thousand men ;

Cinadion Expeditionary Force for the defenc
within or beyond Canada; and [that his i

duration of the present war and demobilization after the conclusion
of the war ; :

And Whereas

called out, are, comprised i
provisions of the said Act,
ordinarily, or at any time

in Canada, who have attoined the age of twenty years, sho were born

EXCEPTIONS :—

1. Members of our regular, or reserve, or auxiliary forces, as defined

by our Army Act.

2. Members of our military fotces raised by the Governments of
any of our other dominions or by our Government of India.

3. Men serving in our Rbyal Nitvy, or in our Royal Marines, or in
our Naval; Service: of, Cangda, and members of our -Canadinn
* Expeditionary. Force.

4. Men who have since August 4th, 1914, served in our Military
or Naval Forces, or in those of our, Jallicspdn any theatre of actual
war, and have:been ‘hondurably: discharged therefrom.

5. Clergy, including members ofany recognized order of an exclu-
sively religious character, and ministers of all religious denomina-
tions existing in Canada at the date of the passing of our said
Military Service Act.

6. Those persons exempted from military service by Order in
Council of August 13th, 1873, and by Order in Council of Deceme

ber 6th, 1898 ;
WwW it is moreover provided by our said Milit:

And hereas Service Act that our Goyernor-General of

in Council may from time to time by proclamation call out

¢ CAA In Cou as a any clnss of men in the said Act described,

and that all men within the class so calléd. out shall, fram the date

of such proclamation, be deemed to be soldiers enlisted in the military

service of Canada nnd:subject to military law, save as in the said

Act otherwise provided ; afd«that the men 50 called out shall report

and shinll be placed on-netie service in the Canadian Expeditionary

Force as may be get out in #uch proclamation or in regulations ; but

‘that they shall, until so placed on active service, be deémed to be
on leaye of absence without'pay ;

it is also provided by the said AZ that at
And Whereas [7 Pryded by the sid A fixed by

ion an application may be made,. by or in respect of any

y prods ee Rh be called out, to one of our local tribunals,

# i established in the manner provided by thesaid Act in the province in

| which such man’ ordinarily resides, for a certificate of exemption
| from service tipon any of the following

GROUNDS OF EXEMPTION =—

l i dient in the national interest'that the man should;
Xi (ey That he boare ne in military service, be engaged in other
work in which he is habitually engaged : ed
itis expedient in the national interest that © man ¢ H
(9) Thatisisnrped LA in military service, be engaged in other
. work in which he wishes to be éngnged and for which he has
"  épecial qualifications’; ;

(0) That it is expedient in the national interest that, instead of
being employed in. military service, he should continue to be
educated or trained for any work for which he is then being
gn ek : uld if the man were placed on

i ensue, ie man
4) This jd En ag his exceptional financial or busincas
obligations or domestic position ; ’
m th or infirmity ; *
R 4 TE . conscientiously objects to the undertaking of combatant
* service, andis ted from so doing by the tenets and
of faith in effect on the sixth day of July, 1917, of any Suanized
ous denomination existing and well recognized in Canada
date, and to which he in good faith belongs ;

that Af any of the grounds of such application be established;
. § cerefots of aecnplon Soll be ranted 5 buch man.

nstances if ho chooses to
i If he is engaged i
the production of war material, food

(Toronto Globe.) :
The long-oxpected proclamation une
the authority of tho Military Ser-

will Issue to-morrow or

WwW moreover it is enacted in and by 41s prod
And hereas visions of an Act of our Parliammt of

Canada holden in the 7th and 8th years of our reign and known as
the War Time Elections Act that certain persons thereby dicquillified
from voting with such of their sons as on polling day are not of legal
age, shall be exempt from combatant military and naval service H

WwW it is further provided by our said Military
And hereas Service Act that applicitions for exemption

from service shall be determined by our said local tribunals, subject
to appeal as in the said Act provided, and that any man, Ev: or in
respect of whom an application for exemption (rom service is wade,
shall, so long as such application or any appeal in cohnection there.
with 13 pending, and during the currency of any exemption granted
him, be deemed to be on leave of absence without pay ;

WwW our Governor-General of Canada in Council
And hereas has determined to call out upon active

service as aforesaid the men included in Class 1,23 in the said Act
ond hereinbefore defined or described H

Now Therefore Know Ye that wé do hereby call

out the said Class 1,
comprising the men in our said Military Service Act, 1917, and
hereinbefore defined or described aa to the said elass belonging, on
active service in our Canadian Expeditionary Force for the defence
of Canada, either within or beyond Canada, as we may, in the

of our Military Forces, hereafter order os

And we do hereby strictly command, require and enjoin that cach
man who is a member of the said, class shall, on or before the 10th day
of November, 1917, in the prescribed form and m

; 1 anne, repact himself
for military service, unless application for hig

e tion shall then
have been made by him or by another person entitled to apply on his

behalf ; wherein our doving subjects,
especially charged not to fail since
allegiance require and Zmpose the obligation of careful and implicit
obedience to these our wtrict co:

over, lest our loving subjects should

we have directed that prescribed forms,

f x and for application for exemption from serv-
ice, may, at any time on or before the said 10th day of November,

@f our said post offices and properly executed, shall
be forwarded by owir postmaster at the post office from which the same

are obtained to thair proper destindtions as by our regulations pre.

scribed, free of postage or any other charge, : arial
And we do further {inform and notify our loving subjects that local
tribunals have been; established in convenient [ccdlities throughout
our Dominion of Canada for the hearing of applications for exemption
from service upon By of the statutory grounds, ag héréinbefore set
out; that these our Local tribunals so established will begin to sit in
the discharge of their dvitics on the 8th day of November, 1917, and
to sit fromh day to'dny thereafter, “ns may

notified, until all appliz,

a , tions for exemption from service shall have
been heard and dispog

<b
et

applications in pefyon for exemption from service to any of our said
tribunals on the 8h, 9

have. respectively sign; : :
inform, forewarn and ‘
called out that if any,

fail to report for dyity at the time and place required by notice in
writing so posted, or shall fail
by law required, hg shall be subject to the procedure, pains and

penalties by law prescribed ay against military deserters, J
Of all of which, oye loving'subjects, and all others whom these
presents may concesy,

, are hereby required to take notice, rendering
+ strict obedience tg ang compliance with all these our commands,
directions and requirements, and governing themselves accordingly.

In Testimony W hereof We have caused these Our

’ » Letters to be made Pat-
ent, and the Great Seal of Canada

to be hereunto affixed, .WIT=
NESS; Our Kigy, Trusty and Right Entirely Beloved Cousin °
ond Counsell

of, Victor Christian William, Duke of Devonshire,
Marquess of Blastin+on, Earl of Devonshire, Earl of Burlington,
Baron Cavendish of Murdyicke, Baron Cavesdil of Keighley,
Coble Order of the Garter; One of Our Most
C ‘onncily Knight Grand Cross of Our Most
Distinguished Order bf Saint Michael and Saint George; Knight,
Grand Cross of Our Royal Victorian Order; Governor-General
and Commander-in-Gicf of Our Dominion of Conn.

At Our Government House, in Our’ City of OTTAWA, this =
TWELFTH of Io in FO of Our Lord one
and seventeen, and in the eighth year

Honourable Privy

thousand nine hun
of Our Reign. dred

The New Suits
$9.95

Crepe de Chine Blouses in white, flésh and pink,

Exceedingly effective models to wear with the
new fall suits. Very

special. ,

MAIL
INQUIRIES
SOLICITED

CORMIA WOODWARD & STATE ‘
KO COMICON ITH ANY OTIEE ST8y

bE " DETROIT

SENSIS NNSINS

—Willlam Brison dled at Watford.
is son, David Brison, now of Cal-
aary, {8 a former principal of the Am-
herstburg Puble school.

—If you are satisfied that you can
serve your country better by staying
at home, apply for exemption. At the
same time realize that the decision of
the exemption tribunals will be less
likely to be biased than our own.

The U. S. Department of Commerce
figure show 1,289,950 horses and mules
shipped to Europe since June, 1914.
British have captured 72,613 prison.
ers and 470 ghns in the past nine

months, while they have lost 16,860
prisoners. and no guns,

There is more Catarrh in this 36s

tion. of the country than all other dis-
cases put together, and until the last

(CLASS ONE MEN MAY
STILL VOLUNTEER |H

Recruiting to be Carried on Under
Present Conditions.

1,027 EXAMINED FRIDAY

Medical Men Set a New High Record
for Number of Men
‘ Handled.

—Forms of application for the gov-| few years was supposed to’ be incur-
i ernment war service badges have been | able. For a great man years doctors
id According to the latest instructions received by London militia headquar- | Pronounced it a local” disease and
promulgated by the Department of

ters and will be {ssued on demand,
Men who have seen servico at the
front are entitled to two badges, class
“A’ and class “B". Applications must
be filled In carefully and as they are
very simple it, should not be difficult
to do this to the satisfaction of the
authorities, Full Instructions as to
the means of obtaining the badges will
appear shortly In the press, ‘as head-
quarters- Intends to send ‘a3 news-
papers a clrcular letter instrueting

those entitled to badges how to get
them. 1

prescribed local remedies, and by con-.
"stantly failing to cure with local tréat-"
ment, pronounced it incurable, Science
has proven. Caturrh to be a consti-
tutional disease therefore re-

Militia, voluntary recfuiting will con-
tinue in its present basis even after
the issuing of the proclamation and
the handling of men under the MIf-
tary Service Act, though definite in.
structions have been lald down with
which Class One men must ‘comply
before they can be signed on. Any
Class One man who goes up for his
physical examinatien and finds that
he- is llnble for overseas service in
~~ |grade A, and that he is subject to
being called out In the first draft, may.
still escape drafting by volunteering

and
quires constituticnal treatment, Hall's

Catarrh Cure, m nufactured by F, J. £35
Cheney & Co, ‘I oledo, Ohijo, is’ the Ps:
only Constitution:| cure jon the mare: =
ket. “It is taker internally in doses

from 10 drops to 1 teaspoonful, It
acts directly on the blood and *
‘mucous surfaces of the system. They
offer one hundred lollars for any, case
it fails to cure, Sc

a i : to or id for circulars’ p!
for the infantry; but in such case,| —The succession duly revenue of [‘testimo .. VW x

§ before beng LH he thust pro- [the Ontario Government this year will | Address: F.J. C!'ENEY & 0, To- he

i duce to the military authorities his [probably reach ‘close to the “record | ledo, O. ®

cqunterfoil to show that he has com-
plied with the regulations, and must
accompany this avith a certificate
from his employer that the latter
does not .intend to apply to the tribu-
nals for his exemption. Any man who
reports for service at once, without
applying for exemption, may come
under this head, and the outhorities
are hoping’ that a good many men,
Jjupon realizing that they .are liable
anyway, will declare thelr willingness
to serve at once without wafting for
the period to expira at the end. of
which they would be draftsl. This
Is more likely to appeal to the young- |
er men In grade A, 23 fndlvations are
fl 7 [that they will be tie first ty be called
Bl | out, if only a portion of tie 100,000
is to be put into mniform, As the
Information: has ‘been advertised by
the Military “Service Counecfl® that
grades B and C men will not be called
out for some time, the authorities do

not anticipate any ~ great rush from
those classes.

CORN EXPORT ONLY

total of two and a half millions.” For
the year ending«October 31st, 1916,
the Provincial Treasurer was able to
report i -revenue from succession
duties. One of the largest payfents
this year was a balance of over $200,-
000, which completes the amount due
to the province by the Cox “estate,
The revenue this year from corpor-
ations is due a month earlier than in
the pust—September: 1st {nstead of Oc-
tober 1st, * Already $1,600,000 has been
received, and the total’ for the year
will be In the neighborhood ‘of $2,000}-

Sold by Drugglsts, 76c.

Take Hall's Fanily Pills for con-
stipation. : 39

» Vo

ar

RS

\G

PE

a TL

000.

—Whitever the representatives of
the Department. of. Miljtia  and--De-
fence many be that appear before each
of the exemption’ tribunals, “they can-
not be lawyers, Instructions to that"
effect have been f8auéd from Ottawa
to guide the men who have in hand
the task of seleoting them. Under the
terms of the act the military author-
ities will have a representative at
each tribunal, who wills have'the priv.

pages; Mus. /
French; telld how and’
where to trap: what bait aed

traps to usy;
> llege of appearing against the ruling M nn Tig ormatinl, Catatog—38
UNDER LICENSE | of the board, if he secs fit to do 80. [ateated” rim, traps, ental tlt,
f : As the applicant chnnot have counsel, dn iis. tramps

Vem, at low nies
13m" Raw Fur Howi—iilves Iniest rrices
danse nformstion on the raw fur

But Washington Will” Issue Licenses
Upon Return From
Mr.. Hanna.
' In order to'prevent speculation, the
United States Food -, Administration
hps prohibited the export of corn, ex:
cept under license, The Canadian
Food Controller has taken steps to
facilitate importation into Canada. and
the Washington authorities will issué
licenses upon his return, Persons or
firms requiring to {mport corn many
obtain application forms from the of-
“| fice of the Food Qontroller, Ottawa,

The Windsor Record appears to be
under the impression that the Liber-
als of South Bssex haye no right to
think of having a candidate at “the |;
coming elections, and Insists in plck-
{ng out some gentlemen—who are not
Liberals—as the candidates for the
Sunny South riding. The Record glves
the impression that -the Liberals are
either not loyal or are incapable of
making théir own chofce under present
conditions. . Now we venture to say
there 48 no place in the Dominfon
“where the people are any-mor3 loyal
Not since 1882 (36 years) hans South
Essex elevted any gandidate not a
Liberal to the Houle of Commons.
This list speaks volumes for their
good judgment: H. W. Allan, Dr, Jas.
| Brion, M. K. "Cowan (twice), A. H.
Clarke (twice). No one can say thoy
wi not cabaple. and truly loyal.
There is no placo—with equal ¥puln-
tion—that has sent more of“their song’
to fight for the Empire,” In no place

have the women worked harder to sce |
that the bo:

front.

there wha some fear that the man ap- |,
plying for exemption might be put to
some disadvantage, but the conditions
arg equalized by {he fact that both
aldesdof the question will be repre-
sented by laymen,

s-

CASTORIA “ful
to Jlobnifllhm

320° Hallam Building, Toronto

is no reason
male and fem \be preached
|at-and hectored as to whom they|

should elect as membe;
| tion, whther Libera or Coptecentin: |

| The

