JE

people of one of the

: assets.

Inthe handsof horses

% mien, veterinarians

asd faraiery for $5

it proved

it 47 aw ier h in hundreds
of {housacds of cases,

RY Sr. Frmrore, Dec. 4th, 1915
Will you pirase mail to my address a copy of
your Treaive on the Hove dave been msim
valzable remedies for some time, and fi
safennd reliable.
JOSEFH L. BATZINGER.

$1 a bottie—§ for $5, at drogpists—or write for
copy or our book “Treatise om the Horse” free.
Dr. B. J. KENDALL COMPANY

Enasbarg Falls, Vermont, USA. iv
er — a Se
THe EcHo

= Published by :
THE ECHO PRINTING CO., Limited
Amherstburg, Ont. |

A VW. MARSH,
J AAULD. MARSH,

Friday, August 10, 1917.

Hon. Andrew Broder. veteran Con-
gervative member for Dundas county.
has resigned. owing to continued lI
health.

“The majority of people eal 100
much, anyway,” said Miss Edd’e, pro-
fessor of Household Science at
Manitoba Agricultural College, when
discussing the Canadian Food Control-|
Jer’s suggestion that hotels and res- |
taurants institute two meatless days
per week. “And limiting hotel menus

to two or thtee courses is ne idea.”
a di ltirs a

The Military Service Bill on second |
reading in the Senate, was passed on |
Saturday morning at 1.20 o'clock by a
majority of 29. The vote stood: for,
54; against, 25. There were two
votes, the first being on the amend-
ment of Senator Bostotk thzt there
should be an election before the en- |
forcement of the measure. Thais was
defeated by a majority of ten. The
majority on’the main motion was-un-
expectedly large, eight Liberzls,’ in-
cluding the party leader, Senator Bos-
tick, voting wi e Government

THE DOMINION GOVERNMENT

 

 

Takes Over Canadian Northern Rail-
3 way.

Public ownership of Canadian rail- |
ways has set in = the acquisition
by tke crown as representative of the |
minion’s three |
franscontinental roads, the Canadian |
Northern |

The syetem includes 9.512 miles of
rallway. 20 companies operated by the |
C. N. R as subsidiary concerns, five
elevators, one of them at Fort Wil |
Ham, said to be the largest elevator in |
the world, a line of steamships on the |
great lakes and the C. N. R and G. N. |
W. telegraph. companies. the: later |
with 1.500 branch offi which for a |
generation has furni the Canadian |
end of the Western Union Telegraph
compeanies. |

| ine.

The Federal Shipbuilding Board at
Washington, PD. C., has telegraphed or-
ders lo over a score of the country’s
largest ship yards requisitioning all
ships of 2,500 dead weight tonnage or
more now building. Management of
the yards will be in the hands of the
present owners, but under government

direction.

About 675 ships are affected by the
Government's order. Their aggregate
tonnage is more than 1.500.000. In-
cluded are many English Norwegian
and other vessels on foreign account

The ship yards and owners of - the
vessels will receive compensation for
the construction work on them so far.
The Government will take over. the
contracts and expedite completion of
the ships in order to make room for
more emergency vessels to overcome
submarine Josses.

In a short time scores of new ships
will be added to America’s merchant
marine by the requisitioning order.
Some of the ships seized are more
than 60 per cent. finished

~~

THIRTY-EIGHT MEN
ARE DELIBERATELY
DROWNED BY ENEMY

Placed on Top of Submarine, Stripped

' of Lifebelts, Their Boats Smashed

With Axes; Then. After Two

Hours" Ride, U-Boat Dives, Leav-
ing Them to Mercy of Waves.

A British Port, Angus: 3rd. —Thirty-
eight members of the crew of the
steamship Belgian Prince were drowe-
ed in a most deliberate manner by
the German submarine which sank
her. according to the account given by
survivors of that British vessel who
have reached British shor Tune chief
engineer of the steamer, who many
times after the steamer was torpedoed
was perilonsly near drowning, gave
the following narrative of his exper-
iences:

“About § o'clock on Tuesday evén-
ing, when we were 200 miles off land,

{I saw tie wake of an approaching tar-
{| pedo.

The vessel gave a lurch as she
was hit, and, 1 was thrown to the deck
among the debris. The vessel listed
heavily, and all of us took to the boats.
Stowed on Top of Sub.

“The submarine
shelled the vessel, and then ordered
t small boats alongside the submar-
The skipper was summoned, and
taken inside. The others were mus-

{tered on the deck of the submarine

“The Germans removed the life
elts 2d the outer clothing of all ex-
cept eight of us, smashed the lifeboats
with axes, and then re-entered
marine and«losed the hatches, leaving
us on deck. The submarine went about
two miles and then submerged.
Boy Dies in His Arms.

“I had -=iifedelt. Near me was an
apprentice boy of 15. shouting for help.
1 went to him, and held him*up until
midnight, but he became unconscious
and died of exposure. At daylight I
saw the Belgian Prince afloat as
picked up after eleven
water by a patrol boat.”

The second engineer, who also was

approached ; and | Gower, Car

|

A. L. Sonley left on Monday for To-
Tonto to take his position in the head
office of the Imperial Bank. His fath-
er accompanied him to spend a few
days in the city.

Miss Mildred Golden. daughter of A.
J. Golden, of Gosfield South, returned
to her home on Saturday from Harper
hospital. Detroit, where she under-
went a successful operation for appen-
dicitis.

COMBER.

At the age of 31 years and 11 months
the death took place early Friday
morning at Chatham of Mrs. Annie
Gertrude Goatbe, Comber, in the Public
General hospital. The late Mrs. Goat-
be was the daughter of Robert Travis
and was born in Brantford. She had
been ailing for the past three weeks.
The remains were taken to Comber
on Friday for interment here.

Cadet J. H. Pearson, son of Alfred
Pearson. one of the most highly re-
spected retired farmers in this vil
lage, was killed fn an airplane smash
at Camp Borden, Tuesday. Cadet
Pearson belonged to the Royal Flying
Corps. The remains were brought to
his home, here and the funeral took
place yesterday (Thursday) afternoon.
Cadet Archibald, of Victoria, B. C,
who also was in the accident, sustain-
ed a fractured left leg. He was unable
to give any connected account of how
the accident happened.

Inspector D.° A. Maxwell has de
manded the reorganization of the
Comber school and the appointment
of a vigorous principal. Out of 20
pupils who tried the Entrance only two
passed. Another school in which there
were four teachers. last year he threat-
ened to prosecute if increased accom-
modation and an additional teacher
were not provided. Another school
which had two teachers per year for
three or four years, has been ordered
to mend its ways, to build a new
schoolhouse and pay a salary large
enoagh to keep a qualified teacher of
first or second grade.

GOSFIELD NORTH.

id Cottam.
Mr. 2nd Mre. J. J. Vance and daugh-
ter Laura left last weék for North
on county, in response
to a message that Mrs. Vance's moth-
er, Mrs. Nesbitt, hed dled that day.—
Charlés Murray and wife, of Detroit,
isited at James Hagring' on Sunday.
Mrs. Ernest Miils, of Chicago, dangh-
of Wm. ‘Haggins, of Pelee Island,
0 ent Sunday at James Haggins'.
Frank Ex has sold his 25-acre
farm below Cottam, on. Talbot street,
to, Wim. Martinson; of! Northwood; who
Mr. Martin-
r on H. L, will
ome with is parents
Mr. Zmery and family

move to his
in ember.

1 will’ move 10 Essex to reside.—John

Mossop was the victim of an accident
on Monday, that" came near provicg
very serious. He ‘was driving Wes.
McClelland’s peddling wagon along
tae 10th con. road, and was trying to
2djust the bolt in the'doubletree when

The people are to acquire ownership | 3 survivor, succeeded in reaching the | he fell In front of the wagon and be-

of these assets by the purchase of the |
$60.000.000 outstanding stock of the
company, the Government having pre- |

Belgian Prince before she blaw up.

ed her, he reported.

tween the wheels. The horses started

{The Germans came on board and loot- | up and the rig passed over him, though
He was'in hid- | forjunately not the wheels of the rig.

viously acquired a minority. interest {ing, but finally jumped into the sea, | The ofl box at the rear of the wagon

of $40,000,000 of stock op thé occasion |
of a previous loan..sOn’ the face of it |
it gounds like a great bargain for the |
people,’and would be if it were not for
the tremendous liability of the com.
pany, which unfortunate;y I= also to be |
%cquired in thé purchase.

000 stock Is to be fixed by arbitratorg |
According fo the commissioners who |

recently dnvestigated the condition of | month,
the raflways of Canr.da. the stock of | |p

{ and Mrs. F. Mettam,

and kept afloat on the wreckage.
The only other known survivor is

too fll in a hospital to tell his story.
tmp pe

LEAMINGTON.

was so law, hbwever, that he was
ragged ‘several feet before) being
freed. He was picked up in an un-
conscious condition and taken home.
No bones were broken, but he was se-

verely bruised” about the body, and

| Mrss J. A. Macgregor and-Fiittle suffered a concussion of the brain. He
The price to be paid for the $60,000.- | daughter Marion, who have been vis- [25 In a serious condition! fr a few

the ers parents here, Mr. |4a¥8. but is now getting all
es adc 2 for the past |38ain.—W. H. Noble, who was recently
have returned 10. their home| apPointed'a “J.P. has been guite busy
the | Intely hearing charges aga‘nst auto-

Chicago. accompanied-. by

right

the Canadian Northern is of little or | former's sister. Miss Mabel Mettam. sealing a Sposa LS on
Mrs. J. T. Ferguson and daughte Y ¢ mits. The
gr te 2 | arson were laid by Constable

no value, but the owners maintain

commissioners, overlooked some land | Jéan, left Wednesday morning to vis-
| it relatives at

In any case the indebtedness
will increase the national debt of Can-
ada by 50 per cent.

To Sir Wiliam MacKenzie, the col-
lapse of the C. N. R. spells at least
postponement of his dream’ of world
power. A few years ago it seemed
as though Sir Wilfam wzs to become
ono of the richest men. in the world.
Ho remains a mult{-millionaire, but
as multi-millionaires go, his fortune is
fromen on a narrow scale.

For the present the Grond' Trunk
is being nursed’along with a further
subsidy, but it will also likely fall into
‘the Government lap before long.

PELEE ISLAND.

The month of July ended with one
© fthe mottest days on record in sev-
eral-‘years. Work was suspended for
a couple of hours bya number of our
farmers, mechanics, etc, during the
afternoon.

A Yshower” party was held at.the|

residence of Mr. and Mrs. James
Piper, on Tuesday, July 31st, in hnoor
of the approaching marriage of their
daughter. An enjoyable time is re

Wheat harvest fs ir full swing
The present acreage has never been
. surpassed in Pelee Island, and it {is
doubtful whether it has ever been-
equalled. Help Is very dificult “to
secure, and some folks have been ask-
ing “Where are those folks who were
to have been sent. from the cities to
help the farmers?” R
e new municipal building, de-
®igned’ for the accommodation of a
doctor and for telephone central and
other offices, Is progressing favorably
under the well-known efficient direc-
‘tion of our friend, Mr. Corlett, of
‘Leamington. -From all accounts it ia
ag se ww iE of basdry. and,
hope, of efficiency in propor-
As for ip Tid oi

I that to A. S. C. Enogh sald.
A correctpondent from Pelee sends
following: —*“It is understood that
a T. Harris, who has been purser
mn the Jreamer Pelee since: her first
ry As now bevering active connec
ons with the official staff. We are
ot ordinarily ‘given to blarney,’ but
are firm believers In the practice—too:

> res for obituary notices in
: giving praise where
When ‘when praise or credit

accommodation and all
efficiency insofar as dealings
the travelling public aud ship
d, the management wi
finding a successol

ry
like p

not the least of his quali
to which many of us for
has
over 0

Peterboro and Nor-
wood, and were accompanied by the
former's; mother, Mrs. Calder, , who
will” visit Peterboro, her old home.
Mrs. John Orton and granddaugh-

Coiborne Vance:’and the fine in each
¢it6 was $10 and costr. “S. P. Green
was convicted for travelling wita but
one number. Dr. Lee, of £iagsviile,
charged “ with  exceading the imdt,

ter, Miss Hazel A. White, 5th con. | PUl Was let go gn proving tha: he was

Mersea. left last week to visit
former's son, T. S. Orton, at Pangham,
Sask.

in age, stood the journey well and ar

rived safely at her destination.
Soneone visitéd Pat Falconbridge's

Mrs. Orton. though advanced }°f Windsor, were all

the | OR an urgent call, R. H Cuuningnam,

Burns & O'Neil.and Wallace Campbell,
convicted of
speeding. Three cases were down for
hearing” on ‘Wednesday, the victims
being C. J. Near, Henry Antd'iiia and

hen house: recently and swiped four- |the Studebaker Corporation. Fir
teen fine purebred Rhode Island Red | Thursday seven’ cases ware to be
chicks. It's a safe bet if. the thief|Beard. the offenders bing. Albert Cur-
cin be located he will be lodged in a | Tab. Carl Fulmer, C. A. Ripley, Eugene
safer place than Sandwich gaol. Girard and J.. Millinoss. of Ww indsor,
Alfred- Gulliver, Sth cam; Mersea, | 30d Garve R. Mills and Wm. Settering-
appeared before P. M. Selkirk one [D0 Mr. Nears case was dismissed
dayylast week on the charge of hay- [the defendant proving that lie was at
ing liquor in other than his private home at ths hour, 7 a.m., that the com-
residence, contrary to sectional of the plainaat charged he was speeding
Ontario Temperance Act. The charge | {1I0ugh Cotam.
was preferred by Inspector Stone. Mr. | A Very sad death occurred at the
Guiliver contended that he did not | ome of Mrs George McMahon, of the
know the liquor was on his premises, Rear. Road, Gosfield North, on Wed-
but this was not taken into consider | Desday. August 1st, when her sister,
ation and he was fined $200 and costs. | Mary Ann Gordon, passed away after
Charles S. Watsom, represznting the | 100g and painful illness. Deceased
Government in the matter of greater | WO Was In the 75th year of her age,
food production, was here Wednesday | W08 born in Manvers township, coun-
of last week, and elivered to Rev.|'Y of Durham, and .was the second
L. W. Hill. pastor of the Metjodist | 48ughter of Richard and Mary A. Gor-
church, fifteén medals for the Meth-|400. Her parents removed from Dur-
odist boys who have served two |DAam county in 1879, residing in Essex
months on farms, The medals were | €0Unty until their death, which occur-
presented to the boys_at-the annual [Ted respectively in 1888 and 1893. De-
Methodist Sundny school picnic Fri- | Ceased was a member of Belle River
day afternoon. Methodist “church for a number of
“After being a victim of pernicious | Yrs, being a regular attendant until
angemia for the past three years, | [Alling health prevented her from so
Reginald C. Williams passed away at | 4008. and was known and loved
his home on Setterington street. Mqn- | throughout Essex county as “Aunt
day afternoon of last week, in his |MAry.” She is survived by three sis-
31st year. He came from England | ters. Mrs. Margerat Fowler, of Ponty-
24 years ago and four years later lo-| Pol; Mra. Joseph McIndoo, Leaming-|
cated in Leamington. He was a black- | (0D. and Mrs. Gordon McMahon, and
smith by trade and for some time pre- | t¥0 brothers, James and Robert Gor-
vious to becoming ill; conducted busi- | 400. of Saskatchewan. One sister, the
ness for himself in a shop on Erie | late Mrs. Urias Phillips, of Olinda, pre-
street north. He is survived by a |deceasing her by one week. Funeral
widow and three young children, the services were held at he home of
eldest of wham is 11. His father, W. | her sister, Mrs. George McMahon, on
J. Williams, and a brother, Edgar L., | Friday. August 3rd, followed by inter-
reside in Detroit. Two other brothers, | Met in: the family burial plot at Cot-
4 F. aud, Uearge nL, reside fn Leam- | tam. % . 3
ngton. sister, Mrs. Andrew Smith, SWEEPS !
resides at Royal Oak. Mich. The fun- SURRENY SWEErs 12, TO DEATH
sri be Mie held at deceased's |’ i 3
ate home nesday afternoon and | -
was attended by members of the Boy Ventures Beyond Sulety in Bath.
Orange Order and Canadian Order of 2
Foresters, deceased bein

view cemetery.
ee ———

SANDWICH.

Following an illness

80 Jrequently executed. :

When yop get into a frame of mind
that makes life seem one tiresome
duty after another, with no pleasure
in it; when jll-health seems to take
all the joy out of life and you worry
over things that are really not worth
worryin absat, then your nervous
system is fecoming exhausted, and
you are on tie way to a general break-
down in hegth. Jo this condition your
health and lappiness is worth fighting
for and goo, rich, red blood is what
your systern needs. It is a hopeless
task to try 10 restore your health
while your ilood is deficient either in
quantity or quality. And remember
that no meficine can be of any use
to you that does not build up your
weak, watery blood.

To build up the blood and strengthen
the nerves there is one remedy that
has been a household word for more
than a generation—Dr.* Williams’ Pink
Pills for Pale People. It is the actual
mission of these pills to make new,
rich,“red blood. which strengthens
the nerves and tones the entire sys-
tem. They give you a nw appetite,
make sleep refreshing, put color in
the lips and cheeks, and drive away
that unnatural tired feeling that op-
preses so many people. If you want
to experience new health and happl
ness give Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills a
fair trial

Youn can ge ese pills through Any
medicine dealer or by mail at 50
cents a box or six boxes for $2.50 from
The Dr. Williams" Medicine Co., Brock-
ville, Ont.

Mrs. Harry Chittick underwent a
surgical operation at Harper hospital,
Tuesday of Izst week. She came
through the ordeal nicely and is rest-
ing well sonce

The. three.'W., E. & L. S. Railway
passenger cars which were badly dam-
aged by fire, have been returned from
the Preston Car and Coach Co, Pres-
ton, Ont., and are in service. With
these three cars restored to service
the Company will now be in a position
to handle any and all passenger traf-
fic offered:

Tuesday of last week, on the farm
of Ezra Malott, 3rd con, Wm. Rollo,
ir., was assisting to unload hay when
the block attached to the hey fork
slipped, striking nim on the back and
glancing to his lead,~which Was so
badly cut it required several stitches
10 close the wound. He will be iaid
up for some time.

Simon Wigle, formerly of Kingsville,
passed away at he home of Kis son,
Inspector Mortimore S. Wigle, of the
Windsor police force, in Windsor: Fri-
day, after an illness of several months.
He was 90 years of age. Simon Wigle
was the last of a family of eleven
brothers, all of whom were born in
the vicinity, of Kingsville and whose
numerous descendants still reside
here. His father was an early settler
in the eastern states but remained
loyal to England during revolutionary
times, Granted a tract of land on
Lake Erie by the British Government,
we was one of the original United Em-
pire Loyalists, who moved frem the
United | States to escape persecution
and also to enjoy the privilege of liv-
ing under the British flag. . Mr. Wigle
usually’ spent the summer at his old
home but remained in* the city with
his son during the winter months.
owing to illness he was unable to go
to his farm this summer. He failed
rapidly during the last few months
and his death was not unexpected.
Surviving are four eons: Dr. Hiram
Wigle, Wiarton, Ont.; Garnet Wigle,.
New York; Mortimer S. Wigle, of
Windsor, and Arthur Wigle, who went

overseas with the first Canadian con- |

tingent; and two daughters, Mrs. Mel-
vin Armstrong, of ‘Windsor, and Mrs.
John Manes, of Charlestown. The
funeral was held Monday afternoon to
Greenhill cemetery.

GOSFIELD SOUTH.

Edgar Laramie a well known far- |, -

mer and horse breeder of this section,
passed away on Tuesday night of last
week. He had been {ll since last De-
cember with arterial disease.” © The
funeral took place Thursday afternoon
with services at the house and burial
in Green Hill cemetery. Mp~Laramie
was a native of Malden and was 56
years of ‘age. His parents were the
late Alexander Laramie and Miss Rich.
ardson. Of the family only three are
now living: Francis E., of Amherst-
burg; Thomas, of Detroit, and Wil
liam, who has been staying at the
home of the deceased during his fl-
ness. Mr. Laramie after leaving home
farmed in Anderdon township ® for
some years and was married-there to
Miss Hattie -Grondin, who survives
him together with a family of two
sons and two daughters:—Frank,
whose farm’ adjoins the homestead;
Roy. of Gosfield South; Doris (Mrs,
Gordon Getty), of Gosfield South, and
Jenny, at home. Mr. and Mrs. Lar-
amie moved from Anderdon to Michi-
gan, but returned from there twenty-
five years ago, and have been occupy-
ing th eplace where he died. He was &
hard working, thrifty and highly re
spected man. ¢

The funeral of the Inte Mrs. Urias
H. Phillips, whose death we announc-
ed last week, took place on Saturday
afternoon, from the family home in
the 6th concession to the Olinda Meth-
odist church, of which she had been a
faithful worker for a number of years;
where services were* conducted by
Rev. J. G. Falls, of Essex, assisted by
Rev. Mr! Cressey, of, Ruthven.
23rd Psatm, Mrs. Phillips’ fav.
was read, and the text was taken from
St. Mark, 14th chapter and Sth verse,
“She. hath done what she conld.” The
remains were laid to rest in Olinda
¢emetery, the pallbearers being A. J.
Fox, John Best, Frank Fotheringham,
liyron Squire, Herbert Crow
Frank Wilcox, all members of the LO.

QF, of which Mr. Phillips is a mem-|

ver. The floral
and beautiful

4

Bread. Making Contests

<

fl ~ fine opportunity, and should begin now.to*prepare for it. The prizes, under the conditions

NO

i

|

New Fall Models

« $7275

For Present We

New. styles in Taffeta showing the
straighter lines, also bodice lines and
over-tunics in new treatment. Many
have Georgette - Crepe sleeves and
So i SE Tr we
sketch. so wide ancy -
ed. Women’s and Misses’ sizes.

Five Large Phondgraphs
Given as First District
Prizes in

pa)

At Rural School Fairs in Ontario

More than £2,000 worth of prizes for bread making will be offered at the Rural School Fairs

this fail. Among the prizes are five Jarge cabinet phonographs, fifteen Canuck bread mixers, ||

and many attractive books.

These splendid prizes will make the contest the most stirritig ever ;
held at rural school fairs.

Every girl between the ages'of 12 and 18 should read all about this

explained below, will be awarded for the best loaves baked with

: Cream & West Flour

the bard wheat flour that is guaranteed for bread

—the flour that you will want to use always, once you have given it a good trial.’ We want .
vou to know for yourself that it’ makes splendid big loaves of the lightest, most, wholesome bread
that good flour can bake. That is why we make it well worth your while to try.it, by offering
these attractive and costly prizes. !

For this contest we have divided the Province into five districts, each with several
we will give a large cabinet phonograph, a set of Dickens’ Works and three bread mixers. These fire called the
Dic prizes and they are to be given in addition to the prizes offered at the local rural school fairs. (See list
of districts below.) Be sure to compete at your local rural school fair. If you win first prize there, you will then
sutomaticully become a competitorfor the phonograph and other district prizes. v

Prizes, remember, are offered for the best loaf of bread baked with Cream f the West Flour,
othex flour will do. Tor local prizes we offer a number of valuable books: By local I oe > mean Vi py

£t toe fair.

Is. Loca Prize.—"Girl's Own “A=zzal.” a great bi ‘besatifully boaad astrated book with 500 pages of stories and articles abost
le, art. ant ng, apr tig b i y i d
Presi To can rac oe that particolarly interests yosag girls, older girls and their mottos: This
ET Prize. — Starks of Famods Mea and Women, beavily eloth bound with gold tithes, many beat letaren.in colors,
truss ic ston of Fireico Nihizcak! Grace Darling, Flore MacDooald, Jeans Lind the lors Qe Vppmita] pictures in =
3rd Local Prive. Briaia Overecas. a big hasdsomely boasd book with many odloied pictures, isteresting stories aod descriptions
of the cozstries and the persia of Britains worl moi poor 4 Ser

coy 4h Local Prize. "The Queen's Gilt Book,” & bool of stories, pictures asd special
erticke by Britis best ters; the
eh iad Sou rte proceeds from the sale of this book are for the
Nore.—Unlees the ectries nomber of more
bo awarded. Uslous the catricn comber tem of fore fo

X The District Prizea.—The winner of the first prize at each locals
fair automatically becomes a conipetitor for the following District
prizes. One-half” of the first prize Joal will be sent to the Ontario
Agricultural College at Guelph, to compete in the District Contests.
(See conditions below.) *

Ind DlstrictPrize.—The “Px "is i
phesorzaph wo offer an frst TE citi sume given i eid
Ler ldeame. Tb kas epochal reprodocer aftackments and ezablisg you to plays ll
5 Risdy of flat diss records of Jo pmat tar what make. The Pathepbone yromdaom ok]
SNE, , BA i i i
Pathe reeds.” Total’ velsa. D500, Toe Toeotlys with it goes a dosea of the fimo

23d District Prive. —Set of Dickeen’ Works, 18 splendidly bousdl volames with mas;
illastratinas. Among the books ia the “Oh Tiss" Ee Curiosity Shop l
Thanam wo ol (ho roost catraneieg slot jase Otiver Tu, sad 0k e

tice. In each district

first and peensd wil
eds pd

© "2rd. @h end Gb Prises.—Casock” Bread risers.’ This simple,
Tachiza takes the hand work out of bread making. Tasiead of lb Locate: ods

26

thorosghly

ld rathod, j=xt put is the k i the
a you § i) Bgrediceu, tra handle asd the dough is

CONDITIONS OF THE CONTEST

if
i

i
TF
iy

il
53 fr

i

 
