ANNAN

The Kind You Have Always Dought,

in use for over over 30

Zotz,

Soothing Syrups.

TRS

and: wAldh Rar Deon

years, hos borne the signature of
and has a :

sonal supervision since
Allow no one to deceive you in this,

been made under his per-
its infancy.

and “J;

IA

Oil, Paregoric,
It is pleasant. It contains

reither Opium, Morphine nor other narcotic ‘substance. Its

age is its guarantee. For

more thaw thirty years it has

the relief of Constipation, Flatulency,

; allaying Feverishness

g the Stomach and Bowels, aids

of Food;

giving healthy and

natural sleep.

The Children’s Panacea—The Mother's Friend.

GENUINE, CASTORIA ALwavs

)Bears the

In Bse For Over 30 Te

Signature of

The Kind You Have Always Bought

a = WeAUR gis NEW VORK Si
PY . ‘a 4

 

pm more

 

TWENTY. SIX-FODTERS

A Startling E: of How Oats
/ Create Height

Archdeacon Sinclair, In advising boys to
eat much oatmeal, said this: #Among my
brothers and my father's brothers and sig
ters there were 20 six-footers, all brought
up on oatmeal.”

Outs contain more body-building food,
more brain-building food, niore nerve-build-
ing food than any othér grain that grows.
No otheriitem in’ alll human diet compares
a importance with oats, Nothing else
crates so much energy. |

But thousands of people bay this food
arelessly. They accept oatmeal made
from oats as they run—the:plump and the
small, the rich and the worthless.

Quaker Oats is made from the crear: of
the oats, sclected by 62 siftings. Only.ten
[ounds ina bushel are cough for nse

n this food. The result is a richness and
flavor that all enjoy, and the maximum
A Oats, despite | 1

© er Oats, ts quality, costs
but one-half cent r Oishs Doct pay to
take something inferior? :

Made in Canada. ax

. | many days. ;

IORTING GOODS
HALLAM. Limited
LAM BLDG.

Ry ee.

Le uRenar TRAND
Aiba. Day o PH Ay

{The remains were

TORONTO.

GOSFIELD NORTH.
Cottam.

Miss Lilllan Montgomery has re-
turned to Hotel Dien after visiting
at het home here.—Mrs. John Brown,
of Port Stanley, visited Saturday and
Sunday with her cousin, Millie Col-
lard.—G. F. Jume left on Tuesday on a
trip to the west, with a view of locat-
ing in some place there.—Mrs. Burns
Burling, of Royal Osk, Mich., is visit-
ing with relatives here.—Miss Ruby
June left this'week on a visit to rela-
tives and friendsiin New Liskeard and
other pinces in New Ontario.—Mrs.
Charles Tully underwent an operation
at Hotel Dieu on Monday, and is re-
covering nicely from same.—In Jo
game of baseball on. Friday evening
between the single and married men,
the latter won. by a score of 15 to 18.
Another game was played last (Thurs-
day) evening between the same clubs.
“George Veior, son of the late John
Vator, of Mersea township, and Miss
Jessie Armstrong, daughter of John
Armstrong, of Gosfield North, were
married at Leamington on Saturday
Inst. They will reside in Windsor,
where both have been: employed for
some time past —U. N. Philips re-

‘ceived a messinge on Tuesday that his

wife, who has been receiving treats |i
ment in London forsome months past;|

wis in 8 very critical condition. He
left Wednesdiiy morning -for London,
to see her. * Har condition is such that
no hopes are held out for her living

OF ESSEX.

Mrs. Ivan Wiglé, of Hamilton, visit- |

ed last week wih friends in town.

The Essex Bowling Club are arrang-
ing for a Scotch Doubles: tournament.

W. H. Richardigon's family has moyv-
ed to their cotitige nt Cedar Beach
for the summer Wjonths.

Minas Josephine iStotts left on Wed-
nesdny td spend three weeks with
relatives at Markham, Stouftyjile and
Toronto. /

Mrs. (Dr.) Rogers and her mother,

| Mrs. Kennedy, Who donated o knit- |

| ting machine to the Women's Patriotic
League, The machima can be operated
'Iby any person, and will knit the leg
lof a sock in about 15 minutes.

“| Mrs. Mivart Robimkon returned. to
‘her home. in town Isat week from:
Snskatoon, Sask, whither sho was
called some weeks previons on age

count-of the Serious {fness of her |
sister, Miss Valda Oliver, daughter of |

the late J. R. Oliver.
was accompamnjed to Essex by her
mother, who ‘Will make her home with
her daughter here, and: Mrs. Fawcett;
wiio will remain for the summer. = |

Mrs. John Cunningham, wife.of Jolin | 8

Swiltiaghas, who had botp Fac poor
health for some years pas x
serious condition for six months with
carcinoma, died at the family home in
town on Saturday morning last.” 8
was 60 years of age, and came =
sox with er aan about 30 Load
€p18 Ago. © leaves no' A
} taken by M. C. R.
expres on Sunday morning to Tilson-
burg for interment in the cemetery in

Walpole township, Haldimand

: Moan, who had
Rene
Rr Tuesds “moriing, as the re

0]

of The William Davies C 0

acon, as Indicated by Departm
| be Five Cents per Pound, Unt
Actual Profits Two-Thirds of a Cent per Pound

the business, of The William Davies Company Limited has
been given widespread circulation throughout the country and
provoked public unrest.

Whatever the technical wording of the report was, the effect has
been that the newspapers have published that “the profits on Bacon
alone” of this Company ‘‘for 1916” were about *‘five millions of
dollars.” This interpretation of the official report is not. surprising
in view of certain statements that the Commissioner of the Cost of
Living makes. The Commissioner is reported as saying
“There were two individual cascs of profiteering in 1916 and that
had these cases. occurred since the passage of the cost of living
Order-in-Couricil, he would consider it his duty to recommend that

Fr statement issued by the Department of Labor concerning

that

the facts be laid before the Attorney-General for consideration as
‘to their criminality.” The situation created by such erroneous
and damaging statements is serious as emanating from a Govern-
ment official, from whom one looks for not only accurate statements
but correct! conclusions. J

The William Davies Company, being a private concern, has fol-
lowed the practice of all private corporations, except when it made a

« bond issue in 1911, in that it has not published reports of its assets and:

liabilities or profit and loss. The present circumstance, however, in
which a Government Official has led the public to false conclusions,
makes it advisable for this Company, for both the public interest and
its own interest, to publish particulars of its business as avell ag point
out the error of the statement of the Government Official. ..,

REE C——— A i

|

For the last fiscal year ending March 27th, 1917, The William Davies Com-

y bought and killed 1,043,000 head of Live Stock (Cattle, Hogs and Sheep.)
Rhis, plus purchases of outside Meats, produced 160,000,000 pounds of Meats.
The Company handled 6,550,000 pounds of Butter and Cheese, 5,650,000 dozens
of Eggs, and manufactured 26,500,000 tins of Canned Goods. :

The net profits on these were .68 cents (or fwo-thirds of a cent) per pound on
meats, 1,04 cents on Butter and Cheese, 1.04'cents per dozen on Eggs, and 47
cents (or slightly less than onc-half a cent) per tin on Canned Goods. These
profits include profits on all By-Products derived from these'accounts,

During the year the Company served at its retail stores 7,500,000 customers,
the average purchase of each customer was 85c,, and the net profit upon each
sale was 5-8 of 1 cent. g :

The turnover of the Company from all its operations for the last fiscal year
ending March 27th, 1917, was $40,000,000. The net percentage. of profit upon
this turnover, after deducting war tax, was 1.69 per cent., or including war tax

3.45 per cent, :

The William Davies Company has assets of $13,885,000 of which $3,865,000
is tied up in fixed investments.

To provide the necessary facilities for
Company, expended $750,000 in buildings and equipment during the year.

Companies of other charncter present no more reasonable statenent of profit,
and loss based upon the investments made in the business, ‘

The'Willinm Davies Company offered to the Imperial anthoritics; as well as
to the War Office Service (which represents the Imperial authorities in Canada)
20 place the output of its Factory with respect to Bicon supplies, Canned Beef
an

Pork and Beans'at the service of the authorities, on the basis of cost plus'an

agreed Freie
cvidently desired to purchase in the open market, and onsthis basis The William
Dayls Company has secured War Office business by open competition with the
world.

Respecting the Report of the Commissioner on the Cost of Living:—

Last Winter the Commissioner, under authority of
Order-in-Council, required packers to submit statements
under oath for some years buck and up. to December 1st,
1816, of incoming stocks of Meats and the cost of such, as
well as statements of outgoing product and the selling value.

as did this Company.
This Company represented in writing at the time that the

panies interpreted cold-storage product as “freezer” product
only is evidenced by the smallness or entire
figures on the Bacon list for some Plants, indicating that pany
Firms did. not submit statements of
An Official of this Company pointed
out this cold-storage distinction to Mr. O'Connor and Miss

lack of filled ih were indefinite apd ambiguous, thus tig with-
out eharge of evasion a variety of interpretation as to the
information required. It is thus possible that of all the
figures submitted by the different packers that no two sets

of costs and sales prices ars determined at the same common

their complete stocks,

These offers were successively declined as the aut orities™

sold—a proceeding quite proper, as the forms subuijted to be 8

information as specifically required was not in accordance
with Packing’ House Accounting methods, and invited: the
Commissioner to send an Officer to the Head Office of the
Company to examine the books for any information desired,

* and to secure a viewpoint as to the best way. of collecting

data which would be of use to the Government, ‘This offer
was declined, and there was nothing to do but fill in the in-
formation -requireds as literally as we could determipe it.
For example, there was no recognition of the fact that a
raw product may enter a factory under a specifig classification
and leave the factory as a finished product under some other
classification. .

We submitted a series of accurate figures based upon onr
inte: tation of the official requirements which made no
provision, for charges of any description other than incoming
freight and unloading charges to be included in the east or
to be deducted from the selling price.” There vas nothing
in the report which could be read so as to determine a profit
and lossstatement.. The very fact that with only a statenient
based upon cost of raw products and value of sales in Great
Britain a Government Official has deduced “Large margins,”
“Profitecting” and _* Criminality” if it had occurred since
the passage of a recent Act, shows too dangerous a triffing
and incapacity to be permitted to deal with any important
situation. The statements of this Company have been treated:
by the author of this report as if the dut-going product was
identical with the incoming product, and from the series of
reports he has singled out two items—the ‘Bacon and Egg
reports—and from them deduced an efroncous “margin®’
which the newspapers have interpreted as “profit.”
aythor of the inquity shows a strange Inck of even a funda-
mental knowledge of simple bookkeeping and a dangerous
inability to co-ordinate figures, The following are specific
aad outstanding errors in the report: :

The principal item that is causing excitement deals with
cold storage bacon. The term *“cold-storage” is not defined,
and the public is allowed to make its own definitions. As alk
Bacon in a packing house is tinder refrigeration.it is really
all cold-storage, and therefore “this” Company's figures of
cold storage Bacon represent the complete quantity of
Bacon handled in its entire Plant, whither in freezers or in
process of cure for immediate shipment. That some’ com |

McKenna in Ottawa a few weeks ago, nnd the failure to make
the distinction glter having had it painted ot evidences luck
of desire [oFadcuracy of the real information desired.

Itis true The William Davies Company, in 1916, exported
07,701,000 pounds of Bacon, but we do not know how the
margin of 5.05 cents per pound is arrived at by Mr. O'Connor,
as there were no figures to justily such.a conclusion. "The
probabilities are that the margin is arrived at by taking the
average cost per pound of incoming product from the average
selling price per pound of outgoing product. This may be
a rough way of cstimating the gross margin when dealing
withsamall figures, but when dealingswith figures the size
that Mr! O'Connor has to deal with, a Very small fraction of
a cent per pound of error makes n very important difference
in the total, and one must be careful to make Sure that the
outgoing product is the eame finished merchandise of the
incoming product reported on,

Allowing it to pass, however, as a rough cstimate, we
wish to point out—(first)—the inquiry of the Commissioner
allowed only for incoming freight and. unldading charges,
and made no provision whatsoever for Operating charges of
any kind, such as labor, curing materlals, refrigeration, et
cetern. Such actual charges on the 97,791,000 pounds
exported were $1,102,000—or 12 cents per pound. ‘This
amount covered all charges up to the point of placing the
Bacon on cars [.0.b. packing-house. In addition to this-was
the actual cost to land‘and scil this 97,791,000 pounds in Eng-
land after leaving the packing house, which involved charges
of 2.0 cents per pound—or $2,836,000. Thus 2.9 cents per
pound included inland and ocean freight, landing charges, war
and marine insurance, cables, and selling commission toagents.
The ocean freizht and war risk alone would make up 24
cents of the charge of 2.0 cents per pound. This h2 cents,
plus 2.0. cents—a total of 4.1 cents—must he deducted from

dr, O'Connor's margin of 5.05 cents per pound, leaving a
margin‘of ,95 cents, or slightly less than a cent per. pound,
which still has to be rediiced because of the error of premises
and beeanse of further factors which have tobe considered
to determine net profits. : .

- It is quite evident some of the other packers did fot
show gelling values in the country in which the goods were

RH ————

point. It is this difference of interpretation of what was:
required that accounts for the difference- of the alleged
“‘margin” made by the diflcrent, companies. Common
conclusions, however, have been drawn by the author of the
report from varying bases of pretnises. {

The figures of the Egg business were submitted on the
same basis as Bacon, and similar deductions must be made.

(Second)—The above margin is further redriced in that
the author of this inquiry singled out the Bacon as an
item in which the selling price shows an alleged improper
advance over cost, but he-did not give us credit for the
statements of other products, of which figures were submitted
the selling prices of which, were
of this was that t4rough failure nquire the Department
entirely overlooked the fact that roduct may come in as
porkand, through the process of annfutiie; go out as Bacon
or, in another instance, enter the factory ‘and go outin
ie form of canned meats; for example: much of the ps
which cames poh, phich .antezod
shect submit) on
10 mention <=
Bacon, and : :

Bacon sheet=Stlit 4 : A
by tis A War et the neoing 8% cs of B i n, an
wise, the sheet showing sales of STeduced by the amount
that went'out in the form of Bacon, If ‘the De; int.
takes one set of figures that show favorable to the pany
they should take anotlier set of figures that show unfavorable,
as the principle in either case isthe same, and fail to do so
looks ns if the author of the report was exercising more
enthusiasm than sound judgment in his investigations:

of

+ (Third)—It is queried in the'report, that “if the margin
3:47 cents,” alleged to have been made in 1015, **was satis-
factory, why was it necessary to show increased margin in
1916?" Assuming again for the -moment the soundness of

+ the premises in asking.such a question based/on an erroneous... :
“margin”, it will be found thatthe increased margin is chiefly

absorbed in “increased ocean freight rates and war risk in-
surance in 1916, of which non, the author of the report

* was in ignorance.

_ given ‘to the report of the
demands the cn ‘publicity 3 lav

report to determine the truthfulness or
HE port to Setermine ideration as a ¢

The Company does not challengé either the legal or moral right of the Govern-
ment to investigate business enterprises when public interests directs such an
investigation should be made.

If an investiga In of the packing and meat
business is ‘ordered, the: Company will place at isposaliof the Government
not only the data it would be required to 7 ‘under. ‘Order-in-Couneil
directing that inquiry be made; but will plice “experience of its officers
at the disposal of the investigating committee, if it is considered they: can”
render any service which will be of value. The:Company has not now—nor
atany time during the fifty years of its o ron anything to conceal in method
“or practice of on its business. ' It does, However, claim the right to con-

export. sinsss without abusive com from Government civil

* when

improper an false: § Lire fi Wo i
Tot of Canada's chief export industries is the packing business: It 18 essential

the conclusions drawn rom the data asked for are

to the live stock industry, and, along with other export industries, it maintains

y, and should} providing it is on a sound basis,
nderous pi Siow of the Qublidity:
i ier on the cost of living, the Company
‘having an official Government investigation of

ess of its conclusions.
‘we do say‘that untruth-
is to create an untruth,

‘the financial stability of this coun
receive encourage bond ot.

an

»

ful official statements, or atements the fc of hich
aR o far as The Will Company is cnohrned nods o this terminates all
ts made. either by newspapers or civil scroants,

Ae Lr

3

public oleae of the

~ a ine
adversely affect the live stock fiunsiry of this country, which is so-valuable and.
essential a wealth-producing power and, in the long run, are harmful to the very
people that the statement geeks to benefit.

7 If the passing outiof existence of a corporation such as The William Davies /

Company, or if nationalization of packing houscs would ‘materially and per-
manently reduce food prices, then in view of the present world tragedy. it ought
to be consummated without delay. The fact of the matter is, however, that
with millions of people in Europe turning from producers, into consumers because
of the war, dnd the treme: dous destruction of food products incident to war,
there is no remedy for the'high prices of food while such conditions last, except
the remedy of thrift and increase of production. 4

Long before there was talk of a Food Controller in the United States or

. Canada The William Davies Com urgedithe Government at Ottawa; in;
. writing, to appoint a Food Controller with ull aE,

. ; power to do what he saw fit, as
we realized at that time the upward tendency in the price of food: commodities:
unless checked by official effort, At the most a great deal cannot oe-done in
reducing food prices while currency is inflated and until the scale of prices of all
kinds of commodities declines also. - What can be done can only be done
Food Controller. We wish to point

1 el ad

x

» “or

Company, and it

The: only further stalement'ihat will bo

To ‘

the increased volume of business the

der cost. The reason

:

Nc

ee”

 
