The Doors, but Not Surprised as Bargains best Tell the Tale
Crowds "Till You Can't Budge, the Whole Day Long

and until this very minute every aisle and corner packed to one solid mass of e
equal anywhere. Indeed, very fortunate as it were on Wednesday,

ager buyers. You never saw the likes or 1

opening day, to avoid all mishaps or accidents
as usually occur, throughout such great crowds, but they were handled most gallantly.

1 130.000 Stock Wil goin Short Order. Wednesday, Jan. 31 he Last Day 50 HURRY! | !

If you couldn’t get waited on the first three or four days on opening of

It’s only once in a lifetime, a sale like this,
best of it. It’s your chance to supply your eve
than other dealers pay the makers wholesale.
items displayed on our counters.

and you want to make the
'y want and at actually less
Every day new and other

this big sale, come again tomorrow, although great crowds anticipated here

every day. Additional help has been engaged to handle the crowds that |
simply swambed us. .

NOTICE | such a Bargain Feast Couldn’t Happen Again |

: : Make your hard earned mone buy more ‘than it ever did before, Every single article in the entire I 1 E A D Na
Why it's your duty it 2

to attend this sale house at a cut and a slash price ; investigate, see for yourself what is doing here every day. You're throw- .
before the closing ing money away if you spend a single nickle elsewhere while this sale is on, for every reduction is so sensa-

day which is Wedn- tional as to make short work of selling out every dollar's worth of the surplus-in double quick time.
8 esday, January 31st.

| : ? our time to re-arrange the stock’ |
ys Na WwW { ] ‘§. after closing hours ang g :

To properly compute the enormous . WwW A G gq T ] ) It! { h / S and to replace :
: hy afforded by attending’ this : e re own 0 i ; ? ¢

genuine, bona fide, price-slashing

It is impossible to mention prices

in this advertisement as it takes all -

other articles When others are sold.
sale, one must remember that prices Be here with the crowds. Be early, At go'clock the selling begins and you want to be “here thenfor Thousands of delighted’ and satisfied
con all ie a the best lots are being snapped up almost as quick as they reach the sales tables, Plenty of salespeople customers with their arms full of
i will be fully thirty-five to y per : v > =
cents’ higher than feretofore. — now so there will be no more delays and quick service is assured.

‘bundles speak. louder thaw toa,
5 quote
will therefore pay you to buy your

» ’ ) x % the record low price el
merchandise now for the future and W TCH FOR BLUE B RG I TICKETS ? i Pp Shere. Come,
we urge immediate action, as this [ A Al A N : SREY nti oo
event is awaited by hundreds of peo- ; :

over 50 miles are. here 3

: i3 RE a= | every day,
ple who think for themselves in this, a
district and are now taking advant-

: - : and are sti] coming, Be here every
RE . Sale Now on the Entire Stock of

day for new bargains—and pe early.
ing event.

[11111] SE) HARROW, GNT. KELLY SALES SYSTEM IN CHARGE,

FORT ‘MALDEN 1916.

CLAIMS I. O. F. POLICY ® |
PAID UP AT 70 YEARS |

ECHO CLUBBING RATES 1917,"

Under the nom re plume “Weanther-

HOW MEN ENDURE

@ver verses |. Guiseppe 1.0 Gindice. of London hax | Fer tintourg. scho ...., ...... $ 1.60
wise,” the following very clever verses Gulgeppe Lo Gindice, of London, has | Echo and Dally Globe... 1.40 x
appeared in a recent lssuc of the taken action In the Supreme Court 2 oo The Oat-Fed Man Can Outwork
Toronto Globe. It will be of much in-

against the Independent Order of For-
threat to many to learn that the above

is the pen name under which Miss
i| Florence O'Connor, B.A., teacher in
the Amherstburg High school, writes:

I

A hundred years and more, -

Your sons returning from the war,

Laid down their swords, and penceful
turned them:

Back to tae quiet life their victory
had earned them.

Then were your walls, 08 now,

iTurneu from the wartime to the
peaceful mood;

Your earthworks sank beneath the
plow;

Your cannon rusted, deep in blood
and history imbrued.

But now your sons go forth to fight
again; ;
Their’ fathers’ blood flows .dtrong

through every vein. 3
This Innd is theirs, this Empire is
their own!"

3.9) All the Rest

—_—

A concern which employs 2,000 woodcut-
4.40 | ters made scientific tests of food. The re.

2.50 | sult has been to prove oatmenl the gre.

dade 2.69 | endurance fosd. Those workers now “all
3.00 start the day on a diet of oats alone,

3.00] No other grain supplies the energy of oats.

. You know the affect on horses. It is juse

he same on man, Ang man can increase

ais endurance, his vim and vitality by cate
Lg more oats, .

der an endowment certificate
21313, {ssued some yedrs ago.

e [8 over 70 years of age, and |Echo and Witness
claims that the I. O. F. holds he has

a right to continue to pay in premiums | 2cho and Daily Record (if paid
on the policy, wherens he maintains in

his policy a certain clause stated that
when he hod passed the age of 70

his policy would be considered paid
in full.

4.00

3.00

2.60
THE ECHO PRINTING CO,

ADC, AMHERSTBURG, ONT.

RECEIVES HONORABLE MENTION, : \ RG, ONT.

It Is dot a
tmeal,

P grains used in Quaker
by 62 siftings. Ouly ten

D
nds ug, be obfained from a bushnl.
R 5 0se choice grains bave richness and
GRA I] TRUN RAL AY] Javor, and the maximum value as food.
] wd | ¥Juaker ‘Oats in the cream of the oats

\ nade deliclous. Yet, despite its duality,
SPECIAL Fares now in effect iho cost to you is but one-balf cent per dish,

Made in
resorts in Florida, Georgia
North and Soiith Carolina, Louis

iana and. other Southern States,

; = wSATARRH TERED oe 2 Bermuda and the West or
Wnt ough, aa Joan Duptiste or Juck | Caters inn: pour ronson, || 219%

woo Sanele liv knows, nase, and fn order to cure it you| Return Limit May 31st, 1917 J
_| The son of every valiant brave who Gust te take internal remedjes. ' Hall's

on. it Cure In taken Internally, and LIBERAL STOP OVERS ALLOWED |
This land from the invader, every one | 2Ct8 directly on the blood an TAUCONS | For full information write tn Foil
Who. held the false-named - “Patriot” (OUr{oces. Hull's Catarrh Cure fs not

0 oO. E HORNING,
ae ab o back, y 8 quack medicine. It was prescrl cribed’ ; arnt
or,

ly tender," saved the fleeing by one! of th
nok:

Inpthe list of Canadinns, published
on Friday lust, whe rccelved honor
able mention in Gen. Douglns Huig’s
report is the name of Corp.. Hugh W.
Wyman, of the Field Artillery. Corp.
Wyman, who has since been promoted
to a Sergeancy, 18 tae oldest son of
Mr: and Mrs. W. G. Wyman, of Es.
sex, and enlisted In the 25th Battery

——

bo]

EE EEE NN NC) []
EE ———————— ee ELL

EERE ET
