“Mr. Dube, Seymore street, is hav
[ling on kifchen built to his residence:
il —Copt. McPhail, commissioner of
[lights nxd aids to navigation, spent
[Saturdny in town 90 busin. ih 0
—Mr. Lucier Is moving to town from | *# y ] | | IR | } Corner ol ok
fi} sandwich, having taken a position |? rl | } Tod Egil] ! || | EE | I fr ont bce, Amherstburg ag

{ ity is team at the Brunner, Mond Tad pr J odd : PR. 0. TEETER, M.B. 7 i

Dr, and Mra. Roy Hackett and Mr. : ND SURGEON Gradunteo
McKellar, of Detroit, spent Sunday HYRICLAR AS ity, Lio, Colioge rand
with the Drs mother, Mrs, Andrew Guna and Har rons, Oslarier on iod=Ca Fae)
Hackett, 0 ; a Hall
—Albert Flint and Percy King left Amberstburg.
this week for Port Huron to assist in : B. A / R. H. ABBOTT, M.D.
fitting out the tug A. C. Harding, g . a [CLAN AND SURGEON, Graduate o1
which goes to Montreal with a tow. Pec CA iY, Kingaion: Lic.College
—Albert Wilson, who purchased and hysloians andsSurgeons, Ontario. or

moved to his residence, George street,

Plant Our
SEEDS
and

Avenue

Corner Ituikin
Waterworks)

your

is
Assured.

ition to Bulk and Package Seed of every description, we
in adam and Timothy seeds, Early and Late Seed Potatoes,
"Onion seed, Dutch Sets, also BUILDERS’ SUPPLIES—Soft Brick,
Zlre Brick, Fire Clay, Portland Cement, Sewer Pipe, Field Tile,

[ Hardwall Plaster, Lime, Plaster Paris, &c.

in stock. Come In and leave

erything on hand Is just fresh
Era : goods delivered to any part of

your order as prices are reasonable,
| the town.

I—————

J W. GIBB

GRAIN, SEEDS; FEED, ETC.
{JPHONE 175 nl : AMHERSTBURG

{

~~ TOWN AND-COUNTY.

—Sunday, April 1st is Palm Sunday.

the old Gerard house, is converting It
into’ an addition to his residence.

—The Department of Marine and
Fisherles derrick scow Prescott sprang
a bad leak, and Gordon Colborne 18
staying up with- her nights until she
takes up.

—Hogs are again up to $16 this
week. They are so scarce, and the
demand is 80 strong that It 1s expected
$16 will be reached before another
week passes, . »

—Henry Grondin, who purchased the
August Bastien residence, Brock
street, is commencing to give it an
overhauling, and when it is repainted
he will move there,

—Wigle & Sons were disappointed
in their plans to bring in a cargo of
damaged wheat from Detroit. Chicago
and Milwaukee dealers bid the price
beyond what they considered it
worth, They had the steamer City of
Dresden ready to bring it to Amherst-
burg, when the feed escaped them, -

—Five of the six Woodstock drug-
gists were summoned to police court on
the ground that prescriptions contain
Ing drugs have not been entered In the
poison book. The druggists admit the
fact, but they say that they have kept
their prescriptions: on file, and thus
have preserved a 1ecord of such sales,

—Mrs, F. 0: Nichol received a mes-
sage to come to London on Saturday

A ach it i a

Ea Rt Th oh i a a ed

THE NEW SPRING OVERCOATS. .
THE NEW: SPRING SHIRTS AND TIES,

THE NEW REGAL SHOES FOR MEN. .........50.00, $6.50 and $7.00
THE NEW TROUSERS FOR MEN. ......
THE NEY BLOOMERS FOR BOYS........

THE NEW COMBINATION UNDERWEAR
THE NEW SOFT AND STIFF HATS .........
THE NEW SPRING CAPS...............
THE NEW AUTO RUGS. ...........
SPECIAL SALE LINEN COLLARS—AIl sizes, good shapes—5 for 26e¢

A. D. BOWLEY

Sandwich and Ferry Sts, - - ow

rt . $10.00 to $25.00 1 residence,

....$10.00 to $18.00

...81.50 to $6.00
... $1.00 to $2.25

.. $1.00 to $2.00
$1.50 to $4.00
va an a0e to 81.30
cere... $5.00 to $13.50

crease

BB ih i Sa a ey

ER

dr or rr A eh rt

Lak on il Bt

oe

WINDSOR.

i :
: J am a fa a 2 ST i et Ba a a a Ts cd * >

aero oleic sie depp ope oor oboe pp oho ssleleefesederfeofosleslerlesdeede deere deeded vik debi db bE TE Tree rb bt ©

8.4

i ty hause, lately purchased by Capt.

—The wild ducks and geese are on
their. flight to the morth from their
winter Sojourn in the south. :

—Grant Duff and Bert.Abbott have
opened un auto répair shop in the
Denean warerooms, Apsley street.

—Ridgetown may close all its stores
one day a week in order to give citi-

— Essex town council has a milk
bylaw under consideration.

—A switching engine arrived for
‘the Brunner, Mond on Friday.

—John Carr and family are moving
{nto the Tom Lukes house, Fort street.
CS" Mrs. Alfred Hamilton, of Detroit, v
spent a few days with her sister, Mrs, | Zens a chance to work fn their gar-
A. BE. Kemp. . dens, Production in earest, this, but
1 Sates. Edward J. Dornan sold her [Will there be any guarantee that
house on Balnclava street to Joseph everybody ‘will attend strictly to gard-
Grant, for $500.00. ening and not'spend thé day motoring,

Mr. and Mrs. Forest Wigle, of | fishing, bathing or resting.
Walkerville, spent the. week-end, vith |  —Samuel C. Bittle, 52 years old, well

Mr. and Mrs. M. A. Wigle. | known throughout the sporting world:

of | for his successful bare fiat battle with

— > wil 1 babe,
Roy =Taylor, Wile ant b Harry Gilmore on Harsen Island, be-

, spent the week-end with Mr. |
od yindeor, KL H. Jones, river front. low Algonac, 30 years ago, died at his

“Joseph Pineau Is tearing down the | residence in Detroit Tuesday morn-
* Barn at the rear of his residence, Sey- | Ing, after suffering from diabetes for
more streot, which®mokes a big im- [many months. He was a native of

Stratford.
Pro ent. i
Dyas, are glad to report thot Mrs, —The good ship Falken arrived at

i Celia Gott is gradually improving aft | this port this week from Detroit after
ter her recent serious operation in De-|& general overhauling from the abuse
triot, and will soon be able to come she received lust fall when she was

home. caught in the ice. Capt. S. Ai McCor-

James Lucler and family are mov- mick is agains superintendent ot the
ing into the Jules Rennud house, Muf- ship, with an able-bodied crew of as
ray street, from Malden. Mr. Lucier sistants. Capt. McCormick has: no

has hired with his team at the Brun- idearwhen she will go to her station,
ner, Mond Co. to be pounded around for eight months

—Mr. Jennings and family, ‘of De-|on the worst pointdn Lake Brie.

troit, are moving into the James Beat-| —The house-cleaning season is
again with us, and Amherstburg hous

wives are not facing It unprepare

They are shrouding their hair In dust-

 

Ed. Burns. Mr. Jennings is with the
Brunner, Mond Co.
—Sydney McGregor and family are

And In a few days front porches all
over- will be crowded with parlor
chairs and lounges and other pieces of
furniture thst have sbeen moved out
(while the cleaning goes on inside.

den, to Mrs, Woodruff's house, Sand-

ie street Mr. McGregor i8 with the
nner, Mond Co. .

BL, wr an. authorized - capital of

'a ‘Malted Food

Ee wii bod “—A message from Ottawa says that

been granted” a charter’ by the Do- [an ofder'is shortly looked for grant-

‘minion Government and will build a ing the young men who are respons- |
factory. ible for the dances exemption’ from |

» in Windsor.
| —Capt- AJ: M. Kelly is improving hig | military duties, The Government con-
residence, North street, very notice sliders dancing essential notwithstand- |
ably on the east side. He is closing ing-our boys at the front are bleeding
the verandah in with glass and buffd- (and dying and thousads starving to
Ang a porch and cutting a door death. The vital thing seems to be
‘through the back. Capt. James Mc- [the dance... War, yictory or defeat and |
Carthy is assisting him In the work. . [the fall of the Empire are among the
—Captain J. A. Laframboise, of the insignificant things. —Cayuga Advo-
teamer Schiller, is basking under the cate. ? i
sun of Los Angeles, California.| —Listening to telephone’ conversa-
“Phe skipper wends his way to- that tjons on party lines is'going to be ‘an |
place every winter where he owns a unpopular amusement in the future, }
beautiful home on Sunset Blvd. Say Hon.. I. B.; Lucas: has introduced in|
"Capt. the ice conditions are In your the Legislature amendments to

the
fhvor. ? Ontario Telephone Act that will put
—n order that the annual exhibition

a penalty upon such offences. THe At.
of the Windsor and North Essex Agri- torney-General stated that for the
cultural Soctety may not corfifct with present the penalty would be placed
any othér fairs in Essex county, this upon those who listened to a.conver-
“year's show will opén a week later sation not intended for them and re-
than usual, September 25th; 26th, 27th peated it. The provision Is also made
and 28th being the dates chosen by the '0 cover telephone operators who re-
directors.

peat things heard over the line.
—Owing to thé high cost of Alving, . —Capt. S. N. Dancey, of , Ottawa,

4 the President of the Strathroy Board now connected with' the reinforcing ,

of Trade has had timely ‘oirculars dis- draft of the 2nd Battalion, at a re-
tribnted around town, explaining the cruiting meeting In Cornwall sald that
comparative food values in meats, eer- every man that places bilingualism or
wals, milk, vegetables, etc., which are the Irlsh question before the winning

caps, they are getting ready for the
moving trom the Blalock house, Mal- fray with new brooms and dust rags. |

\ber of the I. O, D. E.,

proving quite

a_ help to housekeep- of the war is a pro-German.
“ars, who find tliat the cost.of the plain Ottawa had six thousand young men

necessaries of life have advanced so who had no excuse for being at home,

afternoon, as her son, Corp. Donald
Nichol, of the 241st Battalion, had
taken a bad turn again. A few hours
afterwards Mr, Nichol was also wired
for, indicating that the young man's
condition was very critical. He has
been fighting pnenmonin and pleurisy
for several weeks.

—Street scraping began Monday af-
ternoon under the supervision of the
Board of \Vorks. A week of dry,
warm and windy weather put the
atreets in splendid shape for scrap-
ing, and whén once rounded up, no
fiore really bad roads may be expect:
ed agin this spring. A March snow
storm Tuesday again turned the hands
of the spring clock back a week.

—Capt. Paul Poisson; M.S. of Te-
cumseh, left Thursday morning to re-
turn to the front, where he expects to
resume hospital duty. He has been
| home about four months on convales-
{cent leave, spending his time with
{friends in Tecumseh and: Ghatoam. A
| brother, Capt. Adelard Poisson, xlso a
| doctor, is at the front wtih No. 10 sta-
| ry hospitai.
| —Waterworks Engineers McCaffrey
land Kemp are having their usual
| spring grist of troubles following a
hard winter. Leaking water services
[are common, while serious breaks oc-

cur at regular intervals. Sunday a
| gdo¥eneck on the main, corner Murray
| and Dalhousie street, burst suddenly
and developed quite a flood before the
{ water could be shpt off.
—Mr. and Mrs, Samuel), McGee very
quietly celebrated the 61st anniversary
tof their wedding at their residence
Sunday,” Both are enjoying excellent
(health. Mr; McGee is the oldest Odd:
{ fellow in Ontario. Among the guests
I present, “were Mrs, Anderson and
| daughter, Migs_Grace Anderson; Mrs,
| Walter Fairbairn, Miss Minnie Fair-
bairn, Mrs. H. B, Anthony. Mr. and
Mrs. George McGee, Capt. and Mrs, F.
J. Trotter, and Mr. and, Mrs." Walter
Wigla and child.

—Learning that Miss Jennie John-
son was leaving on Thursday for her
duties 0s a Queen Alexandra Red
Cross nursesthe Daughters of the Em-
pire took the occasion to present Miss
Johnson with an honorary member-
ship and emblem of the order. In ac-
cepting, Miss Johnson sald that she
would be proud to wear thp pinSand
when she came home again her first
thought would be to become a mem-
and also should
the home boys in
lier work that thie mothers could rest
assured that she would do all she
could and just alittle bit more for
the 'Burg boys. , :

—The conference of commanding of-

she meet any of

"ficers of city militia regiments in No.
| 1 Military District,

called by Col.
Shannon, to consider plans for put-
ting into operation the Government's
plans for the utilization of the militia
as a nucleus for a home defense force,
to be known as the Canadian defense
force, and on recruiting base for-over-

He sald } seas forces met. at Wolseley Barracks

in Lindon on Friday. It was decided
to put the' scheme Into operation at

WINNINGS OF THE BIRDS
BELONGING TO ALEX. McKEE
OF THE TOWN OF SANDWICH

Birds shown at Windsor, Ont.

Single comb Rhode Island Reds—
2nd on cock; 1st, 2nd and 3rd on hens;
1st on cockerel; 1st, 2nd and 3rd on
pullets; 1st on breeding pen (cock
and three hens.)

Singlé comb White Leghorns—3rd
on cock; 1st on cockerel; 4th on pul-
let. 2

Birds Shown at Essex, Ont,

Single comb Rhode Island Reds—

1st, 2nd and 3rd on cock; 1st and 2nd

on hen; 1st and 2nd on cockerel; 1st
and 2nd on pullet. Special—Silver
shield for the best collection of four
birds, both single and rose comb com-
peting.

Single comb White Leghorns—2nd
on cock; 1st on hen; cockerel shown
in pen class; 1st on pullet.
for best pens of light birds in show,
both old and young competing. (one
cockefel and four pullets in pen.)

White Orpingtons—I1st on cock; 1st |

on hen; 1st on cockerel, and 1st on
pullet, winning two silver shields—
one for best collection of four birds.

Birds Shown at Amherstburg, Ont.

Single comb Rhode Island Reds—1st
on-cock; 1st on hen; 1st and 2nd ‘on
cockerel; 1st and 2nd in pullet, and
special for best trio of young birds.

Single comb White Leghorns—1st
on cock; 1st on hen; 1st on cockerel,
and 1st on pullet.

{| White Orpingtons—I1st on cock; 1st
on hen; 1st on_cbtkerel, and 1st on
pullet. > =

Birds Shown at .Leamington, Ont.

Single comb Rhode “Island Reds—

2nd on ¢gekerel; 1st and 2nd on pul
let nd special for the best Rhode Is-
land Red bird in show-—both classes
jaoroing, with either cockerel or pul-
et.

Birds Shown at Harrow, Ont.

Single comb Rhode Island 'Reds*=
1st on cock; 1st on hen; 2nd on
cockerel; 1st and 2nd on pullet.
Single comb White Leghorns—1st on
cock; 1st on hen; 2nd. on cockerel;
2nd on pullet. :
¥» White Orpingtons—2nd on cock;’
1st on hen; 1st on cockerel, and-1st
on pullet,
Birds Shown at the Ontario Winter
_ Show at Guelph.

Single comb Rhode Island Reds— |

1st on cockerel in class of elghty-/|
seven; 6th on pullet in class of forty-
eight; special for beat color and best

shape. | §

Birds Shown at Detroit, Mich,

Single comb Rhode Island Reds—
4th on cock; 2nd and 3rd on bens; 1st
and 8rd on cockerel; 2nd and 3rd on
pullet.  Special—Silver cup for) best
bird—both rose and eingle comb com-
péting. Two specinls for best color

and shape. Q HE
BREEDING PEN AND MATING LIST
Single Comb Reds. \

Phous 97
%

Special |,

The

Sir Charles Davidson reports that he

fr 5 SE | Daces al ~ ~Sdock Specific

INA HUGH, [Chick Feed,

Stock Specific,
Call Meal & Worm Powders
Liniment.

—W. T- WILKINSON.
HARNESS AND LEATHER GOODS STORE,
AMHERSTBURG

ir BRS

Good Friday, April 6th
Get

Your Order in Now.

._ GURTIS, =

Baker
Model'Bakery PHONE 76 Amherstburg, Ont

FLOWERS

HOw often there is occasion. to send a message of such
tender sentiment that it can only be expressed in Flowers.
You are constantly taking advantage of this means
of expressing your loye, gratitude, esteem or friendship.
Do you realize that it is to .your advantage to place
your order for Flowers with, a reliable Florist.

We guarantee that the most simple FLorAL OFFERING
executed by uswill be worthy of its purpose.

TUSON'S ** iii tate

PELEE ISLAND.

Pen No. 1.
Cockerel and hens, all prize winners
at Guelph and Detroit. <

finds no wrongdbing in ¢onnection
with purchase of Government food sup-
plies for troops, and of horses in the

The late warm ratns have made the

much that ‘providing for the wants of and of the 1,900 in the civil service,

f°" the family has become a serious prob- only four had volunteered. The energy

em.. It is interesting to note that the and eloquence of Hon. Charles Mur.
Sorel grains stand at the top of the phy and Bishop Fallon, of London, he
t snd are abut the lowest in price. said, would be better employed in se-

4 Young men here who .honestly curing recruits, instead of “instilling
“smnswered the questions on the Nation. In the minds and hearts of the people

1 Service Cards and are eligible for a feeling of distrust. and suspicion of |

‘oversens service, were interviewed the greatest man the Empire had pro-
negday by an officer from the Militia duced In her hour cf trial, the Hon.
rtment, Ottawa, to’see if they David Lloyd George. Capt. Dancey
join the colors. It developed spoke In Amherstburg some mnths
number of other young 2go in the interests of recruiting.

equally eligible, did not give an “Why fs it?" we were asked the

st answer to the Nationa) Service ‘other day, “that a railway engineer

card questions, and consequently has to pass, years of appreuticeship,
‘werd not included in the officers’s 11st take all kinds of physical and mental

mimes. This is further evidence, “examinations, forswear liquor, and

t' wero needed, that the only fair keep himself in perfect heniih and
way: of jaiing pe At. 4 by con- furnish ao certificate ot character and
on.”—Leamington Pos i experience, before he is. considere
~—Patrick Denvir, one of the original gligible to run a train along a fixed

t battalion, first division, first con- gteel track, while any feather brain

pgent men, has blossomed forth ns who can buy a 75 horse power auto-

author, and has published tho story |mobile is allowed to. plow through

me of his experiences at the |crowded streets at his own sweet will,

_ Denyir enlisted in Amberst-{and in some cases with very slight

g amongethe firat days of recrult- indications of sobriety. The engi

p. At Ypres, his “rescue,” un-leer doesn't even have to steer the

of al blown fom 2 canal train. All he has to do fs to start Iu

ack Johnson" sion

nction in his division, and a
nd from his superiors. He was
omg time later and invalid-

Paddy is thinking of open- |,

phacco and candy store In Am

burg. - din - “ ”

automobile has to have is the price.”
And there's sométhing to It when
yu look around and stop, to think it
over. + »
_—1It is a ‘common practice at this
season of the year for many retnfilers
to advertise the Increasing: ogy sup-
ly, and the rapidly falling piles, be
isplaying piles of eggs in

The egs thus in

and stop t= All the fellow in the

eir store| Vessel capacity for the of

lonce in No, 1 district and plans for
effectively carrying it out were dis.
cussed. The actlve work of recruiting
and organization will ‘not be possible
for'n week or two, or till the necessary
{documents, attestation papers, etc,
‘ard received from Ottawa.

—It isigoing to cost 36 cents to get
La lalr-eit In o unjon ‘barber shop in
! Windsor after the 1st of April, when
‘an mew schedule of prices goes into
effect, if present plans of the union
{are carried out. A couple of the mus-
ter barbers are opposing the boost, on
the ground that the rates now in
vogue are high enough, but those sup-
porting the changes by the opposition
will not prevent the proposed increase
fro mbeing adopted. In addition to
the paying of the extra dime for hair
cutting, a nickel for an alcoholic scalp
tonic and 76 cents, Instead of 60; will
be charged for scalp massage. - For
children the cost of hair trimming is
20 be from 15 to 26 cents higher, and

if the boys leave their barbering to.be|

done on holiday mornings it will then
cost them* 356 cents. ‘There ought to
be a great run on safety razors In
Windsor after April. 1st. :

—A marine despatch from Clevelnnd
Fridny. says:
wheat from the head of Lake Superior
to Buffalo for loading during the first
{ten days fn April did not bring, out
any tonnage Friday. A local broker

was. asking for boats for that loading’
period at 5% cents, but got none. Chi

cago shippers were in the market for
ing trip,
and. were bidding 3%. cents on corn,

hut they will have to pay a better

(e grain

“Offers of 6% cents on

~ Pen No. 3.

Will consist of:some very fine brids
that I did not éhow and my prize
pullets at Quelph and Detroit mated
with first prize cockerel at:Detroit
last year and 4th prize cock at the
1917 Detroit show.

# Pen No. 3." _

Will consist of some fine pullets
mated back with first. prize cock at
othier shows, changed about with first’
cockerel at other shows ond third
cockerel at Detroit.

, = Single Comb White" Leghorns.

I have only one small pén consisting |.

of two prize winning hens and four
prize pullets which won-light pen and
special as given above, mated with a
fine" cockerel which kpurclinsed at
Guelph,and changed” about. with my
first prize cock bird, © 5 3
Single Comb White Orpingtons.

I have only one small’ pen of my
prize hens mated with a fine cockerel
hich L-Douknt at Gueiphe :

ggs from thesg different pens
season, us follows: > |
“8. C. R—Pen 1, $10.00 for 16 eggs;
No. 2 Pen, $5.00 per 16 eggs; Pen Ni
'3, $3.00 for 16 eggs. Fury

8. C. W. Legharna—Pen No.
for 16 eggs. i 1,

8. C. Orpingtons—Pén
for 16 eggs. ©

List of shows, 7; }

39; seconds, 19; thirds, 7; fourth
izins, 1—total, 69. 8) ls

Ver cups, as you ‘sof
‘winnings.

“I think no other by
or United States chn 8]
‘average in as short a

DISK LAND F

Regina diatrict. pt

HOW MRS. BEAN

“MET THE CRISIS

wheat look up, and the prospect of a
y bumper crop has never’ibeen better,

There should be a great crop grown
this senson, as the tobacco has been|
all“sold ‘and. the corn crop is con-
Spiuons by its tbsence.

The gentle southern zeph have
awakened Pelee from its S40 a
bers, and “whos, haw, back, gee!”
seems to be the order of the day. To-
bacco beds “dot the landscape like
myriads of” seagulls. The fishermen
are taking no small part in the great
@ | spring offensive, for they can bo seen

daily pulling and hauling at their nets

to the tune of “Sixteen me
n o
man’s cheat.” mck

_|#*Foseph Anderson; who has bee
Inhd mark here since Peles was n es
jas Bound, has departed from. this
3 y sorrow and ‘tribula J
it Was | hope tq a better land above, "For the
: | past olght years Joe has been aun in.
d gave € mate of the Leamington infirmary at
" for 4 until I | the {sland's expense. Owing to the

i

away |3reat financial strain on th
the city for ¥ the searcity of food commodities,
¢ time. Of [the institution was compelled to raise
oT their rate of
could not of biard. Whethér this
him then, so |E¢¢med to Joe more than Peles could

law stand will ever remain a mystel y
told the fact still remains that ay

Fetore the new order came into ef-

arris and his assistant
S6rve great praise for the an

mall service they have given

tween Peles Island and he mainland;
| They make a round trip each mail

day aud the mall is et the office early

0 that people get their mail the same | th

They are socond to none as mall.
ors and are a credit to Polo 1s-|

nd, and we are p
Pl s has c proud of them. Mr.

Dathousfé straet (opposite
Amborstburg,

DR. T. JAMES PARK.

YHYSICIAN AND SUNGEON, Amherst
burg, ontario,

WIL A. McDONALD, M.B.

Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat.

CONSULIAVIUN HOURS
0a m tod
nod by apy
73 Viotoris Avenue

WINDSOR - - ONTARIO

DR. A. E. STEWART.
YSICIAN AND SURGEON, Gradupte of
P HY eonto University, Office, HoGroor
Lut. Bell Telophono 118 21 § Calohiiter
North Telephone 70 r 21; Sandwfoh Sou
Telophone, § #1 1a

DR. W. C. DOYLE, M.D.

R, W. C. DOYLE, M. D,, C. M., F. W, LC.
1 Honor graduate of Western University,
London ; Melber of the College of Physicians
and Surgeons of ontario, OIfice in bisement
idence on Talbot Strevt, next tof ‘the
ric Ky walling room, Essex. X-ray in
conpection. Special attention given $0 -
diseases of women and Sargery,

FRANKLIN A. HOUGH, B.A.
ARKISTER Solicitor, Notary Public, Con«
voynnesr, &c, Offfoe: ough Block,

Juihoustentivet, miorsi ing, S-Money<-
oan,

FRED. H. A, DAVIS,

AHRRISTER, Solicitor, Notary Publie, Con.
B yeyancer &c. Ofice, Rnmsay Btroet .
Amherstburg, Money to loan,

"BARTLET & BARTLEY,

ARRISTERS, Rolleitors, &o. Offices in the
Davis Block, Windsor. Money to loan.
ALEX. R. BARTLET, BA,
WALTER GG, BARTLET, B.A, LLB,
G¥a. A. UnqQuuant, hal LL.B.

"RODD, WIGLE & McHUGH,

BARSLLERS, SoncITons, ETO, J. B,
Rodd, iB L LB, County Crown Ats
tornoy and kk of the Peace for the Coun
of Essex KS. Wigle, H.A,, K.C.; T,
McHugh. OmMdées Victorian Block, Windsor,

DAVIS & HEALY.

NDARRISTERS, SULISTERS, NOTARIES,
Ete. Money to Lonn, Medley, Block.
Windsor. ‘
. DD. Davis, B. A. A. F. Healy.

JAMES B. McLEOD.

BARRISTER, SOLICITOR, Ete, 202 Davig
Bullding, Windsor, Ont, @#Money.to
loan on fUrm property at lowest current rates

"FRANK W. WILSON,

PARLISIER, SOLISITER, Natary Public
und Copvevancer, (0f the Qninrio and
Kritish Colombia Bars.) Money! to loan on
Farm Proporty ut lowest rites of interst.
Offico TaBelle Building, Corner, Ouellotte
and London 8t4,, Windsor, Ont, Phone 2851,

W. A. SMITH, LL. B.

BARRISTER. SOLICITOR, NOTARY, ETC.
iB Kingsville, ont, ,

JAMES S. LAIRD, =.
JROVINCIAL Lard Surveyor and County

Epgineor. Office, Dunst
staire) Town of Essex, ont. an Hoek

. J. J. NEWMAN,

IVIL ENGINEER AND ONTARIO LAND
SURVEYOR. Drain:
Fleming Block, range work nepecinity

CHARLES BELL,

LERK of the 4th Division Court, A;
several ratcliss Fire a) Agent for
Companies. Money lonfled on ensy torms,
Conveyancing done carofilly and prompt]
Office, Harrow, which will be open withon!
full from 1 Lam. 16 § p,m, every Tuesdn,
and Saturday, P, O, address. Oxley,

CLARK & ATKIN,

| PR Auctionwers for Essex County
OmMce at Harmw, Ontario,
OHARLES CLARK, GEORGE ATKIN,

8S. RENAUD,

UCTIONEER. Armangoinents for sale

LX. made at any time. For terois, of ply
to him or address mherst bur IO, it .

FRANK E. SINASAGC,

| Eas of Murclage Licenses (or the Count;
of Essox and agent for The lonlturs)

Loan Si of London. Loans on real estate al
reasonable ates. Harrow. Ont,

 

 

 

 

 

JOHN READMAN,
BNUER of Marringe L
I of Ensex CH blssanen forthe County

 

, [High Class Monuments a Specialty.

LEAMINGTON
Granite and Marble Works

C. A. CULLEN, Proprietor,

Write for Prices. ”
LEAMINGTON, ONT

J. SUTTON & SONS

‘Funeral Directors.

Touse of quality, |
Auto equipment when des(rod.

148 Ouellotto Ave. WINDSOR. Ont.

Phone 275

Phono 885.

parties asking for information all they

want.
MASONIC HALL

The Red Cross entertainment which
cams off on the evening of the 16th,
was a répetition of other events in
ald of the cause. That is to gay, it was
0 success from every angle. Miss
Gertrude McCormick deserves great
praise for her painstaking efforts in
bringing the entertainment tolsuch’a
succesaful ending. Mra: May Dieffan-
bach, Mrs. Lydia Muir, Miss *
Finlay, Miss Olive Stewart and.
born - Wilkon lterally brought: down
tha house when they staged the |
entitled “Aunt Susan Jones of ‘Pig-
Ol ataizo aa prt ca

patronized, an @' dan

followed was highly suce: hb:

everyboldy went h Dein
the mud. ome eloleltg-n

————

WAR ORDER SPELLS
END OF RED

With reorganization of the
first Essex Fusiliers, as'a
order from the Cancdinn
partment to mobilize for home ¢
the Historic red tunics ;which
been used in Windsor since 18}
disappear and will be replaced by dio
more serviceable khnki. 3
According to records
armouries, the bo)
the “thin red line”
Bt cot of a
ws formed in that cl
no regiment of its ¢ i
6 company’
Twenty-fourth t

At the outbronk o
rebellion In 18

 
