  
  
   

          
  
 
    

    

    

 

 

 

© G00D ADVIGE

ToGo On Taking “Fruit-a-ives”

  

    
    
   
 

FLY UCTS

  
 
  
  
  

Because They Did Her Good

Rocnox, P. Q., Jax. 14th, 1915.
of suffered for many years with ter-
rible Indigestion and Constipation. I
had frequent dizzy spellstand becamo
greatly run down. A neighbor advised
me to try ‘‘Fruit-a-tives’: 1didsoand
to the surprise of my doctor, I began
to improve, and lie advised me to goon
with-“Fruit-a-tives’™. ~~
I consider that Lowe my life to ““Fruit-
a-tives” and I want to say to those who
suffer from Indigestion, Constipation or
Teadaches—‘try Fruit-a-tives’ and you
willget well”. CC )RINE GAUDREAU.
50c. a box, 6 for $2.59, trial size, 256.
Atall dealers or sent postpaid by Fruit-
a-tives Limited, Ottawa.
————
TOWN AND COUNTY.

—Clifton Wilson was In Wheatley,
funeral of

 

 

   

 

 

last week, attending the
his grandfather, the late Chaz Mills.
~ Michigan liquor manufact rs and

 

dealers will be pro hited the use of
the mails for sending out advertise.
ments, letters and circulars advertls-
ing their productsyor soliciting orders
after July 1st

 

noons or holidays
in § for Canadians
between 18 and 45 is the decree of the
Pominfon {mmigration of als. Busi-
ness {s the sole reason wi will in-
duce an immigration officer to part
with a passport

—D, “Fields, of ‘Brocton, Mass.
paid $568,200 for a five-monthis-old bull
calf at the Holstein-Friesian Associa-
tion convention sale, at Wor-
cestdr, Mass, The seller was "Oliver
Cabana, jr, Buffalo The bull is
named King Ormsby Jane Ray Apple

—A serious fire hazard is the sum-

   

 

 

  

  
   
 

 

mer kitchen or lean-to. Frequently
there is no chimney attached, yet
stoves are moved out for the warm

season, and a stove pipe put through
the wall or roof. This is a very dan-

gerous practice, and should not be
_ permitted.
~_pDominfon Canners had already

    

point to Port Dover,

contracted for its supply of tomatoes
dor this season at 30 cents per bushel,
but at a meeting of the company’s
managers at Chatham, last week, it
was decided to increase the price to
85 cents in view of the increased price
of everything, Growers will no
doubt appreciate this kindly action by
Dominion Canners,

—“Many papers are still discussing
the price of bread. The Reformers
opinion is that the last advance was
never warranted. Mighty little wheat
actually changed hands at the top
figures. A good deal of the $3.35,
which was about high water mark,
was nothing but stock gambling. Tn
support of our contention we can
a village noted
for its excellent bread, as all of our
summer sojourners there can testify.
In “Port Dovér bread was not at any
time advanced beyond ten cents.” —
Simcoe Reformer. |

—As an inducemnet to returned sol-
diers to take up agriculture, the On-
tario- Government will poy $1.10, the
rate paid to men serving overseas, for
every day spent at Monteith training
farm and after graduating each man

 

 

will ‘be given 50 acres of land in
Northern Ontario.” In the case of
married men, the Government will

also pay ao separation allowance of
$20 a month to the wife or mother,
and $6 a month for each child under
16 years of age, At ppesent“there are
20 men {aking a course on agriculture
at Monteith and many: more applica:
tions are being received doeily
—Owing to the shortage of paper in
the country and the Incr ased prices
there will be a curtailment in the

 

went o serious

brother's, in Sandwich, and is con-
valescing nicely.

   

Malisey, who under
operation in Hotel

a few weeks ago, 18 now at her

—DMiss Sara

te!

 

    

 

~The United Statea has prohibited
the wearing of flags on hosiery and’
the dear girls will have to devise
some other means of drawing atten-

tidn to their ankles

—No, Dear, the coalition Govern:
ment the papers are talking about has
nothing to do with the supply of fuel
for next winter. Your dad will have
to attend to the coalition oi hig callar
in the usual way. ir

—Watford and vicinity will have
cely any apples this year.- There
been a fine bloom of plums, peach:
es, cherries, and pears, as well as
strawberries and other small fruits,
but the apple bloom has been practi.
cally none

It is sald that the C. & B. steamer
wState of Olio” may not operate be-
tween Cleveland and Port Stanley
this season. The reason 13 thought
to be the new passport regulations
between the two countries, which are
not calculated to cheer the travelling
public

—At the Labor Temple in Toronto,
Inst week, the following message was
received form a tralnman in Lindeny:
“I have just switched five cars ol eggs
into the siding of a large cold storage
plant in Lindsa * Let labor leaders
investigate this and they will find that
it has something to do with the high
cost of living. ”

— Thomas Walker, a former resl-
dent of New Canaan and Amherst-
burg,. died in Windsor on Tuesday of
last.week from pneumonia, after an
{llness of about five weeks. He was
unmarried, and moved from New Can-

 
  

 

   
 
    
 
   
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

   

 

  

 

aan about twenty years ago. A sis
ter, Mrs. Henry Jones, of Windsor,
survives, Interment took place In
New Canaan cemetery on Saturday.
When fn Amherstburg he was married
to Mrs. Chambers, who dropped dead

a few ye ARO.

—The Committee of One Hundred,
which circulated the petitions for On-
tario prohibition Inst year, has decided
to continué its existence for a while
longer amd to exercise some super
vision of the enforcement of the On-
tario Temperance Act In looking
about for a man to direct nis work
Western Ontario," the Committee
found that Rev. E. G. Powell, field
secretary for Huron and Perth, was
the best man available, and the local
executive was asked to release him.
He will now be stationed at London
and will have charge of the law en-
fordement work of the Committee of
One Hundred in West

   

tern Ontario, in-
cluding Huron and Perth. “
—Some excitement was” caused in
Leamington on Wednesday night
when Ford Hendrickson was put under
arrest and placed in the lock-up on
orders of Mayor Wigle, acting under
instructions from County Crown At-
torney Rodd on the charge of being an
agitator and disturber of the peace ‘in
war time. The town council, the night
previous, passed a résolution that the

  

  
 
 

  

town hall was pot to be rented to
Hendrickson. As the door was locked
when he arrived at the hall, Wednes-

day evening, he started to speak from
the Hall steps, whereupon the Mayor
ordered lim arrested and locked up.
He was later released on ball

—The Toronto Telegram says: “No
license has been issued to the Devon-
shire track,” declared Hon. T. W. Mec-
Garry, Proyvinolil’ Treasurer, to the
Teleggam®' this morning. “Another
thing is that though we have received
the cheque for $8,750 it has not been
cashed, but’ Is still liere, and it will
likely be returned. The matter has
not been dealt with yet.” “What will
happen*if you don't issue 2. lieense?”
“They can hold a meets just the
same,” sald Mr. McGarry. Mr. "Me-
Garry refused to comment further on
the editorial in the morning Globe
which ft was asked If the Onta
Government-'was so sorely In need of
the money that they grabbed ant the
cheque.”

—John Burroughs, the noted natur-
ellst, who closed his elghtieth year on
April 8rd, 18 quoted by a recent inter
viewer as saying: “
lterary work this
year of my whole life.

 

 

   

  

   
  

year t
Iter

in any
to me

 
 

|

{ harder man to beat at the“next elec-

0 | tiom tf in the last, as he is the sit-
ting member and strongly engrench-

I havé done more |

 

   
 

LADIES JOIN THE MEN.

At South Essex Conservative Conven-
tion in Kingsville, Monday—Leav-
ening Influence of the New Wao-
man Adds Tone to the Gathering
Cholce for Provincial Candidate
Falls Upon Ex-Warden ‘W, A. Mc-
Cormick, of Colchester South—Ad-
dresses by Candidates and Pro-
vincial Attorney-General Lucas.

 

A nominating convention which Pro-
vineinl Attorney-General Lucas sald
was one of historic importance owing
to the presence of lady delegates for
the first time, was held by the Con-
servatives of South Essex, at Kings.
ville, Monday, to nominate a candi
date to contest the riding against
Lambert Wigle, M.P.P,, sitting mem:
ber,
W, A. McCormick, ex-Warden of Essex
county, and exreeve of Colchester |
South, fell heir to the mantle of Dr.
C. N. Avderson, ex-M.P.P,, now Sheriff
of Essex county.

It was an interesting convention in
many ways, being the first political
gathering In South Essex since the
war broke out and the fist convention |

«

    

of its Kir whi he w Pn he
of its kind fn which the women had {nstruction In-this Province

equal rights as delegates with their
lesser halves, and the fact that 68 out
the 174 delegates present were women
{ndicates that they were willing to un-
dertake the. responsibilities {mposed
upon ‘them by the new Provincial
Franchise Act.

The day was one of the mast béau-
tiful of this summer, and the repre-|
dentations was good, the various muni-
cipalities sending representatives as
follows: —

  
  

Men. Women. |
Leamington ......... 15 b
Bisex ,..... 12" 8
Kingsville 12 6
Pelea Island 3 3
Mersen ......-. 25 17
Colchester South 13 11
Colchester North, 9 4
Gosfield North .. 11 8
Gosfield South ... 16 8

106 6s

Owing to the difficulty of handling
$ many, the usual method of holding |
an executive meeting add deciding
an a candidate, to be later endorsed in
open convention, was dispe sed with
and the delegates gathered inthe
hall at 2.30 o'clock when these nomin-
ations were made aith Dr W. Fred. |
Park, Amherstburg, chairman of
the meeting: —

 

of

Leavis Wigle ,of Leamington, “by
Mrs. M. Terryberry and Mrs. F. A.

Holton.

Dr. W. C. Doylé, of Essex. by T. A.
Kennedy and A. E. Boyle

A. Armstrong, of Mersea, by Thos
Dresser and Newton Jomes.

 

 

WwW. A. McCormick. of Colchester)
South; by W. H. Noble and E. 8 |
Scratch |

_ W. A. Smith, of Kingsville, by R. A. |
Lutes ond D: H. McCay.

The ecand{dntes all made brief ad-|
dresses, Messrs, Wigle and Armstrong |
withdrawing. Ballots were then pass-
ed and inside of five minutes the vote
was taken and, Mr. McCorr de- |
clared ¢ cholce of.the
The ballot resulted as f
Cormick. 98; Doyle, 61;

The other two condd i
according him the nomination unani-

mously.

In accepting thé nomination Mr, Me-|
| Cormick spoke briefly, thanking them
for ‘the great honor canferred upon |
him, though he felt thatin doing so |
the Conservative party had placed a |
heavy burden on their own shoulders
{He had not Intended to allow his

name to go before thesconvention, but
at the last moment snbmitted to pres- |
sure! , As they had chosen him he |
solicited ther, whole assistance
“Lambert sWigle,” s 1e, “will be a

 

  
 
 
  

 

    

  

 

 

 

 

 

 

   

ed” On this account he asked for the |
united support of Both men and wo-
men. He felt that the riding. could be |
redeemed. He endorsed he policy of
| Premier Hearst, but ut the’same time
wanted to be left free
ment In all matters.
erance sures

 

 

So. far as
concerned,

 

| Jud

  
 
 

 

as middleritn in selling
Russian Government.

the last session,
report of a special commision ap-

pointed some time before,
a special retroactive tax
from which the Province
million dollars this year

familiarize themselves with the Social
Service
with Givernment work, such as Health
and Hospital work,
asylums, the free distribution ofeantl-
toxins for diphtherin
which
cost to individuals eliminated;
progressive \
jpassed by the Government,
sulted
tions and lowering majorities in oth-

3 rrovine a ers; the Soldiers’ Ald legislation, by
Bu the next Provincial sloelions, whifh Ontario is establishing colonies

dier wanting to take up forming will
be taken care of at Monteith

Government having passed and en-
forced Regulation 17 of the Education

| sires to go on record with Sir Robert

| wife of James McFarland, who, with

| vice on the M. C. R., pulled out of the
St. Thomas yards Shturday with a

to .ufe his own |

 

 

    
 
     
  
        

nidiel to the
Moreover, at
they had adopted a
pad placed
m nickel,
will get 1%
the ladies to

The speaker asked

Departments in connection

prison reforms,

and typhoid, by
and serious
the
legislation
which re-

In their losing some bye-elec-

life 18 conserved,

temperance

 

n Northern Ontario, where any sol-

and re-

~elve pay from the Government. ;
Closing he reterred briefly to the

glish shall be
nication and
He de-
clared that Mr. Rowell has never
atated that he was in favor of Regula-
tion 17, and leads the French to un-
derstand that If he were returned to
power he would alter this regulation.
The voters should carefully —con-
sider the question and stand by the
Government and members Who stand
hy -that principle Involved in Regula:
tion 17

The meeting closed with several
resolutions which were enthusiastical-
vy carried—one to Mr. Lucas for his
attendance and address

Moved by W. A. Smith, seconded by
V. C. Doyle, that convention de-

al Act, under which E
the language of ci

 

 

 
 

 

Borden and his plan of conscription
which lie proposes In support of our
boys at the front.
Moved by F. B. Geddes seconded by
(. W. Hendershott, that we express
accord with Sir W n Hearst's hon-
est government and pledge our full
support

Thanks were also extended to the
chairman, and cheers were given for
tHe candidate, the King, our boys at
toa front, and the convention closed
with “God Save the King.”

en ES

—4Capt. and Mrs. James Jarmin, of
Amirerstburg, were the guests of thelr
daughter. Mrs. J. O. Peck, Riverview
Place, Sandwich, for a few days this
we Windsor Record

— rs. Aona McFarland, 87 years
old. one of Essex county's oldest wo-
men, dled Monday morning at her |+
Lome in Sandwich South. She was the

 

 

 
 

     

rn

 

 

 

 

  

tworsons and one daughter, survive
her, ‘The ‘funeral ‘was held “Tuesday
morning at St. Mary's church, Maid-
alone.

—After a lengthy
¢oncluding session of the Lambton
County Council in Sarnia Saturday,

. resolution brought down by Reeve

ftsitt, of Courtright, that the
counedl put itself on ‘record as favor.
ing conscription and compulsory ser-
vice, and that a copy of same be for-
warded to Ottawal was defeated and
no action taken. The majority of the
members favored the resolution, but
declined to take action as was recom-
mended by H. I. Pettyplece, of Forest,
—One of’the new '76 type locomo-
tives, recently put in the freight ser-

 

discussion at the

   

 

  
 

 

      

trafn of 121 cars for Windsor. Even
longer trains are ‘expected to operat
Muring the Summer months, and much
{ll.feeling has resulted among the
trainmen, owing to the fallure of the
Minister of Labor to fulfil “his pre
election promises to cut down the
length of fréfght trains. Trains of 150
empties are among the pos
of the near future

“The statistical report of the Lon-
don Methodist Conference ag present-
off by Rev. L. Bartlet, of Belmnot, sta-
tistical secretary, reveals most engour-
aging conditions. In practically all
departments there has been an in-
crease, both In regard to membership
and figancially. The membership of the
{church for the district was quoted at

 

 

  

 

TE en tw a i a JU pif id doer dbb

 

      
   
  

Fab bbe bbb MOTHE R'S BREAD obeopeoiorFitesfesde ch cbeeskeoboobeofo odode oe

ABPROIALTY. **

 

    
      

 
 
 
 

~~ B1ss

: : —
Back, Green} Sealed Packets only. “Ul

or Mixed

 

 

 

WE HAVE IN STOCK

SHINGLES, LATH, CEDAR POSTS, BARN BOARDS,
JOISTS, MOULDINGS OF ALL KINDS. DOOR SASH,
WOODEN EAVETROUGH, RUBBEROID ROOFING,
BEAVER BOARD.

Place your order with us and save money

JOHN FRASER

Planing Mill and Lumber Yard

 

+
3
+
Gd
+
+
+
+
+
+
+
+

AMHERSTBURG, ONT.
ERPRRRTROR I aa ROR WORE SEL lL Et tt a pobre betel shoo boob

A LIFE SAVER.

What comes nearest to your home, if it isn’t the QUALITY

OF BREAD served on your table daily ?
Have you tried the merits] of CURTIS’ BREAD.

If not, you’ave missed the greatest life saver in the home.

Loaf To-Day !

CURTIS, =

 

 

 

 

Try a

EY

The Model Bakery PHONE 76 Amherstburg, Ont

 

i Can We Not Tempt You To}

Taste the Goodness o} Our

ONEY BAC

""BREAD

The superior quality of which you will readily re-
cognize after the first bite. ’

MONEY-BACK BREAD has that sweet nut-like flavor,
so much desired, but rarely found in most breads. )

We want you. to be skeptical in buying this bread.

Tray it out—ijf it doesn’t happen to be all that we say
it is—why, then, your Money Back. ab! :
Made only and guaranteed by

 

THER'S BREAD edd didbobrddid dob dd

+p + MO

3

  

 

 

FH | LX
TIONOR Graduate In Do -
H “toronto ivory Gorn
extrugtion of teqtn.. ip pinion

Moe bours:— Am, 1012; 1:30 to 6.30 p,m.4

Tio 0 pam,
OMe: Corner of Richmond and Tasinny

F Btroots, next Oddfellows’ Hall,and one blo)

yc Post OMee, Amherstburg.
A

‘DR. 0. TEETER, M.B,

PAIRICIAN AND SURGEON Gradoatoofr

Toronto University, Lic. College Phyuai-

org nen Sow Has
oy sireets, to 1

9 A y , Opposite Town Hall

R, H. ABBOTT, M.D. .

HYBICIAN AND SURGEON, Graduate o
Queen's Onlversity, Kingston. Lic.Colloge
byslolans and Surgeons, Ontario. OMoe—
at residence, Corner Rankin Avenue and

   
 
  
     

Aibarmibu pesty (opposite Waterworks)
DR.T.JAMES PARK.

HYSICIAN AND SURGEON,
burg, Ontario.

WM. A. McDONALD, M.B.

Eye, Ear, Nose and Throat.
UONSULTYATION HOURS
10a. tu tod Pp,
aud by appotutment
73 Victoria Avenue 4 Nobephone 168

WINDSOR - - ONTARIO

DR. A. E. STEWART.

HYSICIAN AND SURGEON,
Toronto id University. Office, Oradgatoct
Ont. “Bell  Telophone 118r 21 : Colohester

North Telephone 79 r 21 ; Sandwich Sout

Amhersy

 

 

 

Telophono, § 21 1s.

DR. W. C. DOYLE, ILD.

Di: C. DOYLE, M, D., C. M., FW, M.
AV. 0. DOYLE, M. D., C.M., #2 W. M.C,
nT Finely of Western University,

 

‘ollege of Physicians

and Surgeons of Op tar
of residence on Talbot
Electric Ry walling room,

lex) Ww the
SOX, -ray in
connection.  Specinl uttontion gl

disenses of women and Surgery. Byen

"FRANKLIN A. HOUGH, B.A,

ARRISTER Bolleltar, Nota Con:
B veynnest, &o, Office: Honan Hoon:

 

Dalhousie street, Amherstburg, AF-Monoy te

loan,

FRED. H, A. DAVIS,

ARRISTER, Solicitor, Notary Publi

i: ie 6, Cons
voynncer. &c. Ofce, Ra

Amherstburg. Money toloape Street

BARTLET & BARTLET,

ARRISTERS, Solicitors, &c. Offices in th
, &o. °
B Davis Block, Windsor. . Money to loan,
ALEX, R. BARTLET, B.A. ‘
, WALTER G. BARTLET, B.A, LL.B,
GEO. A. UNQUUART, B/A., LL.B.

RODD, WIGLE & McHUGH,

ARRISTERS, SOLICITORS, ETC. J.

Rodd, B. A,'L LB, County va A
torney aud Clerk of the Pence for the Count;
of Esiex E S, Wigle, B.A, K.C.; T.
McHugh. Omces Victoria Block, Windsor,

DAVIS & HEALY.

ARRISTERS, SOLISTERS, NOTARIES,
Eto. Money t . Medley >
SL 10y to, Loan. Medley Block.
¥.D. Davis. B.A. A. F. Healy,

JAMES B. McLEOD.

ARRISTER, SOLICITOR, Etc, 22 Davis
Building, Windsor, Ont. sa~Money to
loan on farm property atiowest current rates

FRANK W. WILSON.

BAREISIER, SOLICITOR, Notary Public
and Conveyancer, (of the Ontarjo and
Hritish Columbian Bars.) Money pan on
‘Farm Property at lowest rates of interest,
Office LaBelle Bullding, Corner Ouellette
and London Sts., Windsor, Ont, Phone 2851,

W. A. SMITH, LL. B.

ARRIST SOLICITOR, NOTARY, ETO,
Kingsville, Gut, hE

JAMES 8. LAIRD,

ROVINCIAL Laid Burveyor and County
"Engineer. Office, Duns
BAIR Tonal Ba OR Blocks up

J. NEWMAN,

ri
Ta
re nae Wok Sapcciuity

Se —
Saul [ & ATKIN,
| Pg ‘Auctioneers for Essex County

a fon At Hormw, Ontario,
TARLES CLARK, -% GEORGE ATKIN. *-

TS. RENAUD,

UCTIONEER, Arrangements fon sale
made at any time. Fopterms, ote., apply
to:him or address Amhesstburg P,0.

JOHN READMAN,

SSUER of Marriage Licenses for the County
of.Essex Harrow Ont. }

 

 

 

 

 

   
 
   
      
  
 
 
   

 

     

 
   
   
 
 

  
 

    
  

 

 

JHigh Qlass Monuments a Specialty.

LEAMINGTON
Granite and Marble Works

C. A. CULLEN, Proprietor,
Write for Prices.

Phone 776

 

ER AND. ONTARIO LAND |

 
 
   

 

    
     
  

 
 
  

 

 

 

 

 

   
 

         
   

of

Public and High schools of St.. Thom- and 1 just wrote. - 1 never overwork | the Govern it cannot go too far fpr a a i : rN

as. . The Board of Educatlon-1s ser-|on burn the midnight ofl. I don't draw | him in that line. Mr. McCormick re- 54.966, an increase of 1,728. The con- 2 : = Tr TF ——— me LEAMIJSION.ONT >

jously considering the advisability of [on the future I chop*wood and work | celved generous applange nexional fund amounted to $159,225; ig 4 ; r ) 7 - Ih

using .the old fashioned slates, in the in the garden to keep well. My inter | Attorney-General Lucas compli- [the amount rT »& for circuit pur- 3 \ Ea

Public schools instead of paper. Ey-{est in outdoor things and current tie Conservatives of South |poses, $3 and for ministerial’ & * . J. SUTTON & SONS d

ery child in the school has been told things is just ag fresh a® It ever was. | x on the large and friendly gath- | support, § giving a grand total] # ok 0 ! E\

tocent down on the amount of paper U thinkamy interest in the warels fering. He had thoroughly enjoxc d his |of $68 an Increase of $4,954: > 5 y . : 2 Funeral Directors i
& : v | . Mouse of quality: \

 

—George Sager, 14 yearsyold, lost

iis life in River Rouge early Sunday kd Phone 59 WINDSOR 31-37 Salter Ave

morning in An unsucqessful attempt surg’ ’ .
ea Ee TEI eB a ip LOBE ene il Ty
seprs old. The pair were fishing from Sold In Harrow by W. R. Boyce & Co. Iw McGregor by
the rallrond bridge which spans the} 2. and G. Langls & Son.

| river at the end of Dix avenue in the 4 A .

| Onkwod section. The elder Sager's bd deo opt db food d+ MOTHER'S BREAD Fok eotesteci odors cbofsoefeb eed

 

visit to a county which nature find so
witiffully «endowed and the. people |
Ultere should be. happy. contented. and |
prosperous,’ In our prosperity we have |
not come Mean thefringe of the great
! war going on. He also complimented |
em on thelr choice of a candidate,
. he belieyed, would do very use-

Auto equipment when desired.

148 Ouellotte Ave. WINDSOR. Out.
Phono 835,

keener now than fv would have been
at any other timé. Such:an outburst
{8.a greater shock tg an old man than
If he were younger. .I rend two or
three newspapers a day to keep. up
with it. I “hope: J shall live long
enough to see the overthrow of Ger- th
man power. 1 wish they'd hurry up. | Wl

used, and it 1s quite likely that the
pupils in the grammor classes will not
-be allowed paper from now on The
1ast supplies obtained by .the school
\ board cost.the city double the amount
nded in previous years.
% _The Canadian Magazine for June
contains an illustrated article on the

    

     

ids

ee

 
  
  
 
  
   
  
    
   

Beuglet Bros.

8. W. &

     
 

TF Fred bbb bbb bbb db t qyaua S,HIHLONW Seber bb bd

  
 

‘A. RAILWAY ~~ SN

 

   

  
 

   

     
      
     
  
     
 
 

 

   
  
 
   
   
  
  
  
 
   
  
        

  
 
  
  

  
 
  
 
   
   
 
  
 
   
 
    
    
 
   
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
     
     
  
  
   
      
   
   
    
   
   
  
  
 
   
   
  
  
    
  
   
  

 

   

 

        
    
   
   
    
    

  
  
  
  

 
  

 

   
  
  
  
  
   

    

    
   
    
  
    
  
  
   
   
  
   
  
   

 
 

       
 

 

 

  
   
  
  
 

 
   

  
  
 
 

 

 

     

   
     

  
   
   
      
     
  
 
   
    

 

  

    

 

     
  
      
    
     

     
    
   
   

  
  

     
    
  
 
   
 
    

 

     

 

    

 

      
  
  

    
  

 
     
   
 
 
  
 
 
 

   
  
 
 

   
 
 
  

 

   

     
   
 
  

    
  
 
  
  
   
    
    
  
   
   
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
 
  
 
  
 

 

 

 

   
 
    
  

 
    
 
     
  
 

 
  
 
  

     

     
 
   

   
 

 

    
    
  
   

  
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  

Soon, ti sa game Some | Evang A, 8 pers og | UL ATE CAMS TAR Sn tity Ben fo Be fo Si
. bla, by Miss Mabe —Mrs. *LaMarsh, K sville, i] sac of U0} lle Nn are Soo or- | ter B - ¥ = X . >
why article ‘on “Canada’s a lowing letter from] gutlen and leave public ‘life poorer | hold ay ol bike Jatier galled : . SUMMER TIME TABLE.
ig ction”, by W. L. Ed-)Malor eed, nt “week: “pear’| than when they entered it, but theres | for help a ter struggling in the water “> % a By 8
Te. rw sketeh of Alex- | Madam, —T regret to write and convey | something more than making money, | for several minutes, the boy leaped Royal 1 Purple Stock b Specific Cars run on Eastern Standard Time. : yu
ander Ross, onc of the pioneers and the news of the déath of your husband; | and that is sacrifices are called for, 1f [and attempted to pull his father to : A In effect May 23rd, 1917.
rs in the early life of Selkirk, by Trae ae Lamingsh, No 214273, A pubile nen do not earn money by do- the share, os Jot piormpson ha : ; 4 > F : J 1
3 ticle by Lacey | €o.. 75th Canadians. e avas killed Pingtheir duty.they earn the people's |for the a and the two sank. [The p 217 h Sy | HEN - 0 Re ,
George Be iish farmer's Roc in action in the taking of Vimy Ridge | gratitude. bodies were found Sunday by 4 crew Rou Cure, C ick Feed, g 3 Eo E i E 2
in the wars an essay by Alfred Gor-jon April 9th. His body was recov-| Mr. Lucas dealt at some length with |of the harbormaster's department. - - a |e og gy 3g 2
an he fed “Comments on Canadian |ered and burled in the 11th Brigade the Women's Franchise Act, which he | —First Lieutenant Harold Clark, Stock Spec ific : 1. 2- £2 Be BE
Poetry”; o sketch of Mrs. Letitia You- | burying ground, Vimy Ridge, grave | had something to do with. While fe | $07 of Dr. John B. Clark, Wayne 4 b a? 2 7.00 ' 716 8.16 S15 735 130
: ta Ast president of the Wo. |340. This 1s almost where he fell and didn't think that giving women a vote | county chemist for many years, and : 7 . Ql 800 815 915 816 916 2:0 ;
| ems Christian : Teraperance Union; |on the site of the desperate struggle | Would bring about the millenium, nor Firm Lieutenant sWw. I joer, Sof Calt Meal & Worm Powders fl 200 935 1015 915 1015 ;
i the Great Lakes,” a travel sketch for the Ridge. The possession of the remedy aH our grievances, {t was tray- | Wyandotte, who were ordered to y 4 V1000 ph JM 8 Pr 10.80
hy Randolph Carlyle, with drawings Ridge has made possible tire splendid elling Inthe right direction, and the | Fort Benjamin Harrison two weeks v , ae : | oo tt 38.30 1 11.30
y Bertha Clayes, rnd a number advance now ‘being made... A. ¢ross 600 or 700 thousand women on the | 880. were ordered to report to the 5 Linim en t ey 3 10. ni 165, :
olever short stories. 8F | as already beens erected and the | lists at the nest election should, i | army medical skliool at *Washington d LH LN Tem, A 16 na hm ‘
gt As a result of a visit to’ Windsor | ground will be*enclosed and preserved | they are not indifferent to their oppor- by the War Department Sindny. Both ’ = ’ . |p. m: 1215 13 Lok 21 aan :
_ Prday Bre sominion immigration [OF all tmé all xour ‘sorrow it tunities, have a good effect on elevat-| doctors left Ford Benjamin Harrison f = PO ’ "100 116 $5 1165 215 230
 inspe “from Ottawa, it is announc- must be an intense satisfaction torre: | Ing the standard of political life, be | Sunday night for Washington. The “WwW i WILKINSON. 2 215 816 216 816 3.30 -
ins rs A henceforth be a gen- member that your husband gave his they Grit or Tory. The women must two doctors will be given spécial In- . eo | Ls A Ye | EH ae S15 16 3 or
“od that there u! ence lor ting of |llfe and thereby, made the supreme not expect any political party to be |Struction at the army medical school HARNESS AND LEATHER GOODS STORE. Ris in tis 3 h1ase 00 5
Ral tighten'af UD 1 law forbidding | secrifice while discharging his duty 40 gerlect. Tho Gorsrument if iyi ta and then sent 10 Some bUTEL In Frans Phono 97 a a Te . AMHERSTBURG Jf 6.00 6515 615 635 615 bi
fe entry he Be ae in A ar ea sad 4 Any and iio amining board, composnt’ of Yioutons E : = SE Ct 6.00 i In 616 716 30
menyof military, £5, a they fani| —Rév. S. W. Muxworthy, ok Exeter. | ences of opinion on which we must | ant Slonet Supe McLean, Captain | = me 8.16 918 [4H 916 530
Pe Mdentification, became ef-| was elected President of the Londo make compromises. Do mot go back | TH wie and Ray C. Andries, ex- | pg me > rT ’ ' 9.45 1046 915 10.16 10.80
r et number of the docu. |Conterence of the Methodist church/jon your party because they go wrong C3 eg and recommendad thefe doc- | PHERSSEECEEE . EE i A Ta 2020, ;
ave been handed out, many, it |at the conference meeting in Londdh | °0 little questions or regulations, “but sora jo So sions’ n tiie Michigan oe ar : p; EE a L am a
FE oni, 2 ah ret pea | sn LIS Ltn ni mela oifer perio RT Se Gold Medal Flour glis #8 if oo
‘to them. This practice will be | Iiderton, Secretary. The mew presi: | When they go wrong on any of the | JOP AY: Dr. James A, McVeigh, | : ) JUL K CR AT NT BY
: d only those men | dent, prior to the ministry at ExeléT, leading questions of the doy, or carry nk R. Maurer, Detroit; Howard Woe - » oo Fe Pi Sus | herstburg oars run through to Walker.
at once, an "lon a flirtation with dishonesty, which [Haynes Birmingham, and Benjamin ville and Tecumseh. Eastern Standard tim,

  
  

It is ithe accurate’ blending of Ontario Fall wheat with a
: “proper proportion of Western Hard /
Loe = Wheatthat makes MN as
‘GOLD MEDAL FLOUR"

The Best Flour for Baking. ;

was stationed in several \Wesrarn
tario pastorates. The retiring Presl
dent, Rev. D. N. McCamus, of Blen-
helm, in his address, expressed thamk-
futhess for the progress of Methodism
the pnst- year. The church member

T. Goodfellow, Clo, Mich. :

~—Autpmobile bandits Sunday night
held up Treasurer. Charles Williams,
of the Temple theater, Detroit, and af- |
ter. knocking hi senseless with a
slingshot. took $2,600. in cash from his

* business duties take them

the river will: be given pass-
"Phere is also a possibility that
of the passports will be
“A number of,men who ap-
for permission to cross the river

bos not been charged against the Pro-
vineinl Conservative administration
during its 12 years of power in On-
tarlo.” ] 3?

Apart from the nickel policy, he
couldn't remember eny serious criti

 

 

  

   

     

    

 

 
 
 
 
  
 

  
   

 

   

    
 
   

 

 

I
(
i
i

  
   
  
 
 

    
  
 
    

 
  

 

      
 
   
  
 
  

 

  

     
     

 
   

 

info hd hip h to 56,963, an IfiCrease .
armed they ould not go, end | D255: the Irgeat In some yeaft: He fcism by the Opposition. Mr. Rowell pockets, and. made a'esccesstul, en. Sest Mourilor © os
Bark, . om cause the, pe. affal i apy fy \ ; ;
back “after they had been re- reported tat So uributions ot $685; wouldn't pass legislation to allow 107 | ever pulled oft in Detroit, the scene of | You will find it just a little better than you,expegted.

; . ; women to sit in the Legislature. There | many daring crimes:ot similar nature. jf - id in : 2

the sessfon of the Laymen's Associa: £
tion experiences were given showing
“| the possibilities of evangelistic work.
President Pickard, of Kingsville, for

instance, claimed that a cam
there had resulted In a new town, o
flew church and a new people. The
success of a resival mH Aylmer was
od by F. B. Holtby, manager of
he Merchants oan
J ‘report of a

Willianis:
was the P
former
of the theatre
ing tirough the

hy the recruiting officers.” :
: : i carrying the money; which [igs
for the theatrical per- | BY

ed from a slde door |

has been no petition or bill in the
House in 20 years to go further than
to give the franchise to women, and
when the Government did that at the
1a&t Session they thought they were
going far 9nOUgh at this time. 1
eclared that Mr. Rowell was playin

politica when he introduced, ‘lig hi]

    
    
  
