 
 
  

   
    
   
   
  
  
   
   
  
  
  
     
   
      
    
    
    
    
    

 

    
    
    
   

 

  
     
   
   
     
 
 
    
   
  
   
   
 
  
   
  

PAGE EIGHT

UNION FAIR

AMHERSTBURG, ONT.
LS 8 8°

Monday and Tuesday,
October 1 and 2, 1917

WW WW

JUVENILE DEPARTMENT

waa

ntries properly written on regular
hr ust Bin the hands of J. hPa
plece, Secretary, Amherstburg P. On pa
fater than Saturday, September 2% 2% Bs
erything must be in place by 10: a i
Tuesday. At that time the doors Ww

closed for judging.

: ; 2nd
all Departments: —1st, 40c; 5
Pr 20c; 4th and 5th, two ribbons.

PROGRAM:

1. Every entry must be in

. sharp.
2. Judging—10 A.M. to 11,15 A. M.

3. Sports—10.15 A.M. to 12 noon.
Class 1—PET STOCK.
A—DOGS.

1. Smallest dog
2. Largest dog.
B—CATS. 1
. Maltese. ; 3
2. Largest litter of kittens. 3
C—RABBITS.

1. Pen Belgian Hares 3
D—WILD ANIMALS. 1

1.7 Raccoon. ; Ta
E—COLTS AND CALVES. on
Halter broken colt led by: boy or ZirL

 

      
  

, 10 ° .
place by Prizes mn

 

  

    
  
 
  

this fall.
and many attractive books:
held at rural school fairs.

 
   
  
  
   
 
  

 

 

 

1 explained below; -will be awarded for the best loaves baked with

2. : 2 :

. Cream & West Flour
2 the bard tbheat flomr that is guaranteed for bread

1 Best collection Vegetables.

ERVED ]
Class 4—CANNED AND PRES that good tiour ean bake.

 

Five Large Phonographs
Given as First District

—the flour that you will want to use always, once you have given it a good trial.
you to know for yourself that it makes splendid big loaves of the lightest, most wholesome bread

 
  
  
 
     
  
  
    
  
  
   
  
  
 
 

 
  

 
   
 
     
 

Bread - Making Contests
At Rural School Fairs in Ontario

More than $2,000 worth of prizes.for bread making will be offered at the Rural School Fairs®
Among the ‘prizes are five large cabinet phonographs, fifteen Canuck bread mixers;
These splendid prizes will make the contest the most stirring ever
Every girl between the ages of 12 and 18 should read all about this
fine opportunity, and should begin now to prepare for jt. The prizes, under the conditions

We want;

FRUIT. u That is why we make 1t well worth your while to try it, by offering
Ta these attractive and costly prizes, ~
I srl quart oan. >t we have divided the Province into five distriots, each with several.counties. In each district

 
   
  

3. Cherrles—L1 quart can

Class 5—CANNED VEGETABLES. Je sure to compete at your local rural school fair.

+ competitor fonthe phonograph and other district prizes.

 

Halter broken calf led by boy or girl. 1}
Class 2—CORN.
Wisconsin No. 7. 3 ears
Pop corn.
Bailey, 5 ears.
Class 3—VEGETABLES.
i
i

 

 

   

 

 

 

    
  
    
 
   
    
    
  
  
     
  
   

 

   
 
 
  
  
     
 

1. Tomatoes - 7 A 5
2. “Corn. : saember, are offered for the best loaf of bread baked with Cream of the West Flour. No
3." catsup. ! or For local prizes we offer a number of valuable books. By local prizes we mean these given
4. Best collection Jellies and Jams 3 h
5 Best collection Pickles. 1 3 Own Annual,” a great big beatifully bound, illustrated books with 800 pages of atories and articles about
BAKING. 4 2 sewing, crochoting—ovorything that particularly Interests yourg girls, oldcr girls ard their mothers. This
Class 6— % a3 treasure Kor years.
Corn. Bread 5 o of Famoas Mea nad Woméa.” heavily cloth boundiwith gold titles, many boeantiful picteres fa color; en-
3. Nolte Bread £ Tice medries of Floreat Nightingale, Gres Darling, Flora MacDoaald, Jesay Lind, the Lite Qoss Victoria aad others
2 ee 3rd Local Prize.—"'liritala Overseas,” a big handsomoly bound book with many! colored pictures, interesting stories sad descriptions
3. Brown Bread. of thicouat d tin poopies of Brtala's world-wide Empire. T Spr wa
4. Buns we a Local Pri “The Queen's Gilt Book," a book oftories. pictures and Joeclal
Io Ple riieles by Br eat writers; th 5 3
> Apple Pie ake ha] Sie ho thy proses tsi tho Sl this Joss Bi fou 109
Chocolate Cake
~ ost Cak Nore.—Unless tho entriss number six or more caly first and seeond prizes will
1 ag a : be awarded; Unless the catries cumber tea of more no fourth prize will be awarded.
Iscuits a
$ 1, dozen Cookles The District Prizes.—The winner of the first prize at each local
9. % : . ) Pp ; ne
Class 7—KNITTING. fair automatically becomes a competitor for the following District
Rio) > rizes. - One-half” of the first prize loaf will be sent to the Ontario
1. Soldjers’ Socks—grey ! ME ) Pp ° to the {
3 Soldi ot Wristle is ral Coll at Guelph, to compete in the District Contests.
2. Soldiers’ Wristlets )

Class 8—PLAIN SEWING.
1. Specimens of darning,
2. “Clothes pin bag.

Class 9—NOVELTIES.

~The *Pathephone’” is the pame givea to the fine big mahogany
LJ will give you cms pleasure and eatertainmeat
ducer attachmel reodlos, enabliag you to playgll
matter what . The Pathephono reoroduccs bid
ad funry pieces perfectly; with it goes a dozen of tho limos
$150.00, +

   

 
 
 
  
   

 

        

  
    

  

 

 

phonograph, a set of Dickens’ Works and three bread mixers. The
wre to be given in addition to the prizes offered at the loeal rural schoc
If you win first prize there, you will then

  
 

> culled the
rs. (See list

 

1. Corn cob novelty I Dickeas’ Works. (8 splendidly bound volames with many
2, Corn husk deor mat. ilkintiati 3 i1 the net aro™Oliver Twist” and “Old Curiosity Shop."
Thesa ting stopics ever writtea.
) Class 10—COLLECTIONS. i 3rd, 4th.£ad Bh Prizes.—"Carack” Broad mixers. This simplo, yet well-made,
1. Insects. . oo loud mor oat of bread muting Tagtead of Ibori kneading of the FIRST PRIZE AT LOCAL RURAL
2 Weed Seeds, wis old m ca just it ia tho ingredicats, turn the haodle and the dough is thoroughly SCHOOL FAIRS
2. Pressed Plants, sail ior cvenly: nile
. Native Woods.

5! io 11_MODELS. CONDITIONS OF THE .CONTEST

rR 1 mayieompete at the rural school fairin hor district, District No. 1.—Countly- of Glongarsy| Stormoat, Dundas
1. Model of Barn. «Ro Atteads school, providiag Hat her 13th birthday  Greavillo, Leods, Froatesas, Lesox sad Addixgton, |
2. Model of Poultry House. Novomber 16%, 1917, of hoe 19th birthday dos not  Lasark, Reoirow. =, x aa a Ctra!
3. Mod#1 of Bird House. 1917. Ono loal of bread must be submitted District No. 3.—Countics of Hastincy, Princo Edward, Boter-

  

  
  
   
    
   

  
 
 
 
     
   
 

5 iachey ond 3 inchs deep. and divided iato boro, Northumberland, Victoria Darbar,

v bo separated at the fair. The loaf
WW . Opo-hall will bejjudged
loa! will bo seat to Ontario
npoto in the District Contests
AL A. Purdy, of tho Departmeat

#' Class 12—ART WORK.

1. Map of Essex County in pencil, show-
ing townships, towns and cites:

worth, Oxdord, ‘Draat, Waterloo.
Elgla, Koat, Esser, Lambtoa, Middlescx

This judi

 

District No. 3.+Countios 0: Bork, Ontario, Pes), Halton, Wents
District No. 4. —Couatios of Welland, Haldimand, Norfolk,

  

P A - I Br T e I! District No. S§.~Countiss of Brose, a. ' Sl
SPECIALS. ol Breadm i g. Tho Focal contest at tho f&ir > c > i , + Simeoe,
p = 1 ander “Lhe samo rules as all the othe: ar Districts of Muskoka, Parry Sound, Timiskm Sudbury.
1. By F. A. Hough—$5.00, best decorated Ls SH uct = ag Fr Hhe 0) rules g3 4 ® other regu Manitoulis. ¥

    
   
 
  
  
    
  
   
   
  
   

  

vehicle loaded with school children. THE RESULTS of tho coal

   

 

  
   
 
 
 
 
  

 
 

    
 
  
   
 
    

   
 
 
 

   
 
     
    
 

 

 

 

  
      
    

wits nt tha fale will by made known

Not less than 3 to enter, The Staaderd by which bead will be judged will Bo ns follows: in tho usaal way aa ia tho 6azo of all tho other rezalar contests. Tha
“i v Falls"Bros 1. Appearan=a of Loaf PR 1. 307 +) District rovults will bo announced a8 soon us passdblo alter tho con.
2. By Falls Bros.— RT a) Color Smarks claxion of the Raral School Fairs inthe Provis
For Amherstburg—Best 6 varieties. of 0) Tea % § marks ud DO MISS THIS SP
: vegetables—$1.50, $1.00, 50c, {c) Shap mar] girl batweo: Ml pat
For Anderdon and for Malden, the same, i nag marks ative
3. By Canadian Bankers’ Assoclation— 2) marks powibile to
Clabs I— (Grade bull calves must not be i ll fer : Sata = fom Sr
+ n i ve vor of Broad rm Fok 45 mar] . >
shown.) . Calf, pure Dred or grade: Oy Tostn JRLr on NO'COMPETITIONS I COUNTIES
Prizes: —1st, $6.00; 2nd, $4.00; 3rd, (6) Odor... 500 renare. 2) marks The competition is opsa to oll parts of thiol’
$3.00; 4th, $2.00; 5th, $1.00; 6th, rib. oh 101] Taunt be secomp: a4 by the part of the Sol el i wre held, swat tho Districts of
ho 1 Miljvr, ant try i ny. Theso districts are tio gals
: bon. : | Milfoe, sod an entry form bores zins | [aire are Rell by tha Departs
| Class [1I—(Grade boar pigs must not be Pic rom whom Creasy patitisa will mot Fo a feature.
{ shown.) Two pigs, bacon type, pure "Tho form. will a that the girl eybitho Department of Agricaltae
4 bred des ? om patitiza. The forms willbe olin; Waliburton, Prescott, |
red or graces: } > désiadoa of the judges is final. aro hold ia these Counts
Prizes: —1st, $5.00; 2nd, $4.00; 3rd, 5 ch girl aad 0% Moke ro iv, howrevor,  faer

  

       

     
    
 

  
     

© are opeaing

* $3.00; 4th, $2.00; 5th, $1.00; ‘6th, rib-
bon.

4. Campbell Flour Mills special—For best
loaf of bread biked with “Cream of
the West” flour: —

1st—1 year's subscription to “Girls

fis. Wa as
Counties will bo iscladed.

 

Which Dis
HOT COMPS Aga

  

tho apt
later the distros in which each of theo

The Campbell Flour Mills Go., Limited

| Sleepy Time Story About an Al-

 

[when the young man agreed to race

(to cheer the heart 6f man each year

     
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   

 
 
  

  

 

 

i IndStortan. of ‘Famous Men and (West) Toronto, Ontario

‘v dia ob Overseas,” (Keep this announcement for reference)

iH 4th—*"The Queen's Gift Book" - A n

1m PROGRAM OF.SPORTS. The above competition will be open to all rural school fairs

1. Long jump,

2. 50 yards’ dosh—boys 8 years and under
38. 60 yards’ dash—girls'8 years and under
4. 176 yards’ dash—boys 8 to 12 years.
6. 76 yards’ dash—girls 8 to 12 years.
; 8. 100 yards’ dash—boys 12 years and]

 

over. oh y ville; H. F. Pitt, Kingsville; S. B. Green & Son, Leamington;
7.0 100° yards’ -dash—girls 12 years ani | ai 3 Ruthven Cold Storage Co., Ruthven; Enos McCausland,
over.

  

held in Essex County by the Department of Agriculture-and will
also be open to the Juvenile Department of the Union Fair held
at Amhersthurg on October 1st and 2nd.

“Cream of the West” Flour Is sold by the following dealers:—

J. H. Lovegrove, Amherstburg; 0. S. Martin, Essex; W. R.

Phillips, Essex; F. H. Ferris, Harrow; John Staddon, Kings-'

  

Windsor.

 

- 8. Boys’ three-legged race.

9. Biscuit eating contest for girls.
10, Shoe race—open.

a1. Wheelbarrow race—boya.

32. Peanut race—girls.

RULES AND REGULATIONS.

* 1. Competition for prizes open to pupils
of ANB aI, Anderdon and Malden
) No entry fee charged for any exhibit.
Al pupils wearing authorized tag admitted’)

“
x

  
 
   
   
 
   

No pupil can make more than one
In any section.

«All entries to be in.place by 19 A. M.,
puma until.4 P. M., on the saconil day

)
Prizes will be paid by the Socratary of
ion Fair within fourteen days after

 

fu

OFFICERS

== = LAWRENCE SQUIRE
res. —- CARL BRAUN
e:Pres. ~ B. McGREGOR :
ary - - DAVID BOTSFORD
= EARL MARTIN

McCALLUM
- ’ . ,

 

 

| McLAUGHLIN * BUGGIES

1st.—Smooth running and noiseless.

2nd.—Rubber and brass washers (patented) iit Canada and
U.S. : ; "
. - 3rd.—A. Standard wheels, exclusive on all four-wheeled
vehicles. : ;

4th,—Solld foot-gained front, padded dashes.

__ Gth.—Hand-buffed - long-grained leather—absolutely, the |siid the timber freo from stanchions
highest grade manufactured for the earriage trade.

6th.— Wrought iron

reach construction. . /

7th.—Hickory XXX shafts. Selected stock. =~ =

 

ag 2 [= ~.
= al x

One Grade Only and That the Best.” =

 

{| gard=ns.

    
    
 

 
   
  
 
    
    
   

 
  
  
  
 

[FOR YOUNG FOLKS

   
    
  

Lantic Cane S; is best
for. pl nin Pera ee of its
urity, -sweetening power
a Pine grumalation Po
2 and 5-1b. Cartons
10, 20 and 100-Ib. Sacks
Lantic Library of Cook Books,

free for Red Ball Trade-mark
cut from Carton or Sack.

ways Welcome Spring Vitor.

 

 

AN OLD AMERICAN LEGEND.

    
   
  
   
   
  

  
     
  

How an Indian Maiden Reieued a
Handsome Young Warpior From a
Wicked Magician—A Strange Race In
the Forest Destroys a Sorceier.

Well, said Uncle Ben to little Ned

     
 
 

and Polly Ann, this evening ! am go- ATLANTIC SUGAR REFINERIES
ling to tell you about # 4 Limited, Montreal

   
  
 
 
 

 
  
  
  

THE BLUEBIRD.

 

  

As you know, the bluebird is one of
the first birds that come to U8 In the
spring.

According to the old Indian story, the
first bluebird was a brave, 8 young
man who had been changed by a wick-
ad magician Into a bird with red and
blue feathers just like the bluebird. He
was to be a bird until some beautiful .
maiden would consent to marry him.

One day Minda, a young Indian girl
whose father and six brothers had all
been killed by a bad magician, was out
In the forest gathering sticks. The

bluebird flew down to the” branch of Detroit Business @Aniversity

tio trod bale Dy, and Minds, who 4 61-63-65-67-69 West Grand River Ave. DETROIT.

had never seen a bluebird before, ad- | - . J
mired- it. She was astonished when

the bird spoke to ber, telling her that . ,
FLOWERS

he was a young man who had been

turned into a bird. He asked Minda

to marry him. Though at first she i

would not agree, she at last became HOw often there is occasion to send a message of such

his wife. After that the hut in the tender sentiment that it can only be TT »

Foosy wiier Minds an tf ie You are constantly taking advantage of this means

warm: abd comfortably for the thlve: of expressing your love, gratitude, esteem or friendship.
Do you realize that it is to your advantage to place

your order for Flowers with a reliable Florist.

We guarantee that the most simple FLORAL OFFERING

executed by uswill be worthy of its purpose.

bird, who had now become a handsome
TUSON'S “gue br, vier

 

Students Iow Enrolling

Get the right start in life. The D. B. U. has many fine opportunities
opening to those who thoroughly prepare. The school that has trained
more successful business men and women than any other school in Mich.
igan. Affiliated with the Michigan State Normal School and accredited
by the National Association of Accredited Commercial Schools.

1 ‘

 

 

 

 

 

  
       
   
   
   
      
   

  

young brave, hunted and fished and
srought wood for the fire, :
One day the old magician called and
1sked the young man to run a race
with him. That was the way he bad
tilled Minda's father "and brothers.
Minda and her mother were frightened

 

   

 

 

 

"WE HAVE IN STOCK | EK

SHINGLES, LATH, CEDAR POSTS, BARN BOARDS,
JOISTS, MOULDINGS: OF ALL KINDS; DOOR SASH,
WOODEN EAVETROUGH, RUBBEROID ROOFING,
BEAVER BOARD. En

:
;
:
:

 

with the old magician.

The next day they all went to the
ake where the magician lved,

Now, {t always happened ‘that who-
ever lost an race to the old magician
‘ame rushing in at the end, knocked
ais head against a stone post and drop-
ped dend. So the young man ran his
best and was as swift of foot as the
old man. The magician then changed
aimself- toto. a_fox and passed the
foung man. The young brave then
hanged himself into a bluebird and
zot in front of the old magician. The
magician next turned Limself into a
wolf, then into a deer, then into a buf-
falo. After that he was uunble to take
on any new forms. and the young man,
who was now bird and now man, won
the race. and the bad old magician ran
his head into the stone post.

“My work 18 done,” the young brave
said to bis friends. “I must leave you.
Only my bride may go with me.”

Then be and Minda, his wife, were
hanged into bluebirds, and they flew
away, sloging as they went.

And they were the ‘first bluebirds.
Bluce then, so the Indians say, blue-
birds have always been seen on earth

Place your order with us and save meney

JOHN FRASER

AMHERSTBURG, ONT.
Ade Added ded do AEA bd deb db de

bobebobdede bob beobckdeob deb bd bd db bb db db be
Rie A A ST

 

 

 

  

  

with their promise of the banishment
of that erucl old magician, Winter,
And if you will listen to thelr songs
yon will hear them caroling their prom-
Ise, #*Tru-ly, troy!"

se
=

High Grade Cement

In’ Any Quantity:

 

A Couple of Little Allies.

The pretty little children here ple-
tured are Freoch, and their picture
was taken as they were Strolling on
the Shore of the Mediterranean sea,

 

 

 

        
    

a a

       

Everything from Cement in alt size ordersto Tile,
Brick and Building Block. 12

        
    

b}

 
 

»
[i
3

  
  

Consult your Service Interests and Pocketbook b

<

        
     
 

calling us up when you require anything in above lines.

oe

  
  

 

          
 
 

ED EX XE AEX XN REN

  

        
    

_ Simcoe St. Amherstburg

   

:
]
Henry Robidoux |

Phone 193

rrfreferiocteriorte

 
  

   

 

 
     
     
     
     
     
 
      
    
 

   

 
 

fo
& bP
- - 4 :
# i WV
x *. $ W
- > . 5 V
Photo by American Press Assoclatiof. a + y

    
  
  
 
 
     
  
    

   

‘BMALL DATHERS.

which borders the south of France.
It Is of Interest just now to American
kiddies, because the two nations are
our allies in the great war.

mt

World's Largest Flagstaff.

A huge log 250 feet long and weigh-
ing eighteen tons was recently trans
ported from British Columbia to Lun.
don to be erected as a flagstaff ln Kew

a a bok mar Sa bal a Bod”

 
 

      
 
 

 
 

   

Upon {ts arrival in London a number" i
of cranes, oporating simultaneously, | |

 
    
      
  

  

   

and deck houses and dropped it into
the water. where n line was secored
10-¥3 butt to tow it up the Thames
aver to Kew, where it was erected.

   
 
 

  
 
 

    

 

  
