   

 

This Column Contains a Complete
Recapitulation of his
Efforts.

  
 

 
   

   
        
   
    
    

‘The People Must Unite

THEY CALLED FOR UNION GOVERNMENT and
THEY MUST SUPPORT UNION GOVERNMENT

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

overcome the forces of disunion. which has done little in the war, and to ensure

It is to insure that those who are. against the war - at least proportionate authority to the other eight
shall not prevail at the polls, and that MOND AY provinces, mhich have done much in the war. |

}] : THE PURPOSE of Union Government is to “It is to prevent domination by a-single province |

a

i$

DEC. 17th, shall not be the day of humiliation Itis to dedicate Canada to service and not to fac-

  

      
 
 
  
       
  
   
  
  
 
     
    
      
    
 
  

and dishonor in Canadian history. : tion, to patriotism and not to party,to jreedomand ¥
It is a guarantee that. whiter Sons advance in independence, and not to the narrow interests of 3
in France and Belgium we shall not retreat in qny race or creed or group or section or province. 1 i
Canada. 1

oh

    
 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

  
 
    
   
   
    
    
         
       
     
          
     
        
    
     
    
   
       
     

 

 

 

 

¢
" KALSCHMIDT WOULD VOTE.FOR A REFERENDUM
3 : d
; . “ .
«Tho Germans are in favor of a referendum in Canada. They are in favor unjted™for the war, for Canadas, for the, Bupire, for {readom, for civilization. | ul
of overy attempt to incite farmers against sompulsory selection. They are They have abandoned no principles, nor sacrificed ‘any convictions. They are
behind all those who seek to inflame liBor against the most democratic and inspired by a common patriotism and a common determipation to reinforce
progressive Government tht bis ever held office in the Dominion. They are the brave men at the front and employ all the epergles and resources of Can-
pleased when Britisli patriots are driven from public platforms, and when ada in the great struggle. They will take wealth by compulsion, more freely
stories of dissension and division in Cohads are spread abroad. than they wll) take men. They will hesitate at no measures neceasary to
. ps care for those who will return from the trenches broken In health and, 1
3 J fmaimed In body, and for thelWdependents, to whom the abligationiof the state,
" ! oy This Is the way Germany works. In propertion as the alll pagans are can never be fully discharged.
r a 0s fa Wh A ti Gorman. ngthaoad.. If. Canada higsitates Gor will rejoice. BE ¢
i roan peaale will bestold that the inst 5Y the Briggh Doriinions 18 Comte ; : : ho.’
i weary of the struggle. It wilt be declared that the war Is shattering the. Brit » Already the Union Givernment has abolished patronage’ Mats, which were the -
: ish Empire. Canada will be ranked with Russia. Through the “assurahoe source of great waste and many politfeak evils, prohibited the. use of graf, /~ :
given to Germans that the British Empire is not holding together, they will for spirituous liguors, established control over packing houses and: cold stor
fight with new hope and confidence, the war will be prolonged, and the death age plants, and Himjted profits to 11 per cent, on capital, groaly Increased
roll among Canadians will be lengthened. . the powers of the food controlled, and provided for control aver exports. .
A We are not fighting for Great Britain any morc than Great Britain is fghting
for us, What would be our position {Ff we woald withdraw from the war and Foi ne y y 7 “ y
geparato from the British Empire? We would have slunk out of a confifct Shel Mo CR a ne sulangliog alas cou iy S708p4 oF jotersstud
+ into which the United States.has entered in sheer concern for. frosdom, a a anh pd 1s tiothin pe hat Pe Pid A & Dy 5
Humanity and civilization. We would be tho only English-speaking community ment there Is a Strong Brenton of the redleal forces ofthe West, aod.
A " ,
ET Trudy sacalicn Lo the gp clerfautary Ems of the progressive’ influences of, the Bast, It is supported by most of the, news-
If 0 "4 ; » papers which have been tho chief advocates of social reform and the most
30,000 graves of those who went away at our appeal and died in our defence. independent mouthpieces ofddemocracy. Aside altogether from its freedom
We would shame those who have made Canada glorious among the nations from: the a WinE Infaences of party, ‘Canada Ft a has hod a FS
and become helots among tho Englisti-speaking peoples; _80 close to tho masses of the people and ‘so independent Bf ‘orgenized Inter- i
Emam ’ 5 ests, Nor ls thers apy prospect that such a Government, can be folned out
German agents have been active Th the Unoted States, in Australia, in Rus- of the disorganized factions and remnafta wivich follow bg Laurier.
ala, In tiaty and in every other country where they make mischief and create ; \
. division. Why do we Imagine that they are-arp not busy in Canada?, Their ’ -
d method: is to érganize and support elements hostile to the war, or careless In the Matieyiranics FI the Opposition re a1 thane whe ase againat he war,
3 it, to embarrass Governments engaged in ffs prosecution, to defeat moasures oH a Agrisuirs an usiness by ronowal ¢ ‘wun.
1 necessary to strengthen the allied forces, and to dirct: attention to idsues ory bing a a hae po are part sans before they are patriots, all those vo J
which have no-relation to the war, which wil) divide classes apd breed unrest ni ly ge Ta bh 20s Garations ative ations! considerations, and .
and confusion. v : RA ois ay n the inevitable losses and miseries of war for personal or
A —————— v *
t ‘ » — ~
In Canada there are all the alements and conditions which offer a Prultful N
4 fleld for German agents, They work in the shadow, concealing their Mentity, The people demanded a Union Governement. | They have got {t. It embraces:
- and their real purposes, They will triumplr of the Union. Government 8 do- all the Provincial and Nationol leaders of the Liberal party but one. it ine
feated, and for such a triumph they will plot openly and spend freely. And cludes ali the Provinciéi apd National Jeaders of he Conservative party.
thousands of those who took orders from these mmnsked enemies will never hal] one man black the way? Shall tha people who called to tho lehders to
; J“ ¥now at whoso commana they marched ito ignominy and dishonor. unite refuse themselves Lo unite in support of those who cast oside personal of
: . SY A b : . and party diffeences and pejudices In obedience to the people's demand and
ind TN | is jn Toyalty to the great obligation which Hes upon every Canadian patriot to |
3 ‘fhe Union Givernmeént ia a union, not an absorption. Its su n the elec All the ronks of tho Canadian regiuionts, so sadly depleted (n tha Tong and I
roa tions wilt not be a victory for the Conservative. party or the. iberal Party. dampetate struggle against a brutal and, arrogant despotism, and in defense | ; :
In the Cabinet there is an equal ropresentation of Liberals snd Conservatives, of thednstitutions under which we have freedom and security, ' i
1 d 5 3 h ’ v oo 4
| - x

 

 

 
