  

     
    
    
    
    
    
    
     
    
    
    
   
    
     
   
      
   
 
 
 
     
    
    
     
   
    
    
      
   
     
   
    
      
     
      
      
    
  

      
       
       
        
  
   
   
 
  
   
 
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
 
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
   
   
    
   
  
  
   
  
   
  
   
    
   
   
    
  
   
    
   
      
    
  
    
  
 
 
  
   
   
     
     
    
  
  
  
  
   
   
  
  
   
   
 
 
   
  
  
    
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
   
  
    

 

  

 
 
   

  

. J
Champion Bushel of Dent Corn. Winner B. R. Cohoe, South Woodslee.

Address by Dr. Creelman, President, 0.A.C., at Kingsville.

I wish to th
missioner of Agricultu
that doesn't menn an

  
  
  

chairman for introducing me to you as the new Come
a for the Province of Ontario. But I want to tell you
thing at ull unless 1 get busy and do something for the

   

   

   

farmers of Ontario, 1 anle: fgrmers of Ontario get busy and give me
something to do. Unless we get together it is only multiplying the duties of
the Minister of Agriculture to get a job for another person.

   

ating number of students in the College,
» we didn't want to

At thi juncture, with the deprec
which left me with more time at my disposal, and becau
at this time doing his bit at home

 

    
 
 
 
 

 
  
   
  
 
  
     
  
 
  
  
 

multiply offices, when everybody or
abroad, it was or less a com} tion on my part that [ have been asked
to advis r in regard t« nection

      
  
 

11 Keep my place in
as often us possible.

In re
Agrict

    

   

   

1 all advise {8 also the Premier, to the best of my
abilitys t Is my defipesthe commission
Now, I want to co ent t n Ontario on thelr action *

    
  
 
 
   
 

from

work

and keeping up the excel
ably disappointed. Anybody
y after day and night after
hrough April, all tirouge May
hot that thoae of us who
eve that anybody could
irched and dry, did not
two conditions, we have
jit, and I'am pleased to pay

in keeping up t
lence of the exh
who lived throu
night, on the ju
anc on thre come ¢
ware not as good as we ltave been, did
make it hotter for ere orhergafter,
expect much of a crop. But, ndtwli

a very creditable crop, a very credit

   

 

   

 
 
    

 

    

           
   

 

tribute to it after ng over {t my t other judges of the fair.
And we are looking jor very you next: year and in
the years to cpm

Mays! jus Ay in this co wi the men in the west are a
great power je land, I may-way that thgfarmer Southwestern Ontario
might compe with them in that connéctlon by building un of a corn
show, tligrllke of which has never been seen in Cannda, sh by“the means of

     

himself such! that
for him to come

1 would endeavor to muke
» directly to him rather

for
wait

a name
an to

   

competition each
the buyers would cc
to them

   

 

 

the same
You

mall: catthe de r cannot get
1gh the proper organization of producers.
one of you, and you 7

  

price that

   
   
 

   

   

are good fa 8," OV thinkers or you wouldn't be
here. Farm help Is scarce, but you are still and you._a here to learn
what [s-best for’you to do under those cir g 1'say we need coe

     

those

  

operation, the t we can have, for ho are studying Agriculture as
you are, that you can raise as much grain, ms good grain as can be grown
in the whole of Ontario

The. Premier of Ontario is now M
before hud a Premier In the Provi
cultdre and Bromier at the sam

Inister of Agriculture, We have never
of Ontirio who was Minister of Agri
ne. But we have come to-realize the im-

      

 
    

     

portinee’ of the farming try Ve are In & position to spend nore
money in the bus ing. We have Wore people engaged in: the
farming business than ¢ efore, and, hey: need proper répresenta

tion.” Heretofore t were asked to vote thig way and that way for every
Tom, Dick and Hargy offering influence and support to them. Possibly some
grant was mide, Bat the lawyers stepped bn and the farmers did not get any-
thing out of it. Now the timc has come when the Premier has’said that
farming4fs the m important business fm the standpoint of everybody in
the Province of Or wat Canada would he bankrupt but for the farmers,
and that farm weeded ort ol & Government. So he said he
thought he could reorg and decided take the portfolio of Min.
ister of Ag ] d he sald (IT am, speaking for him; as if he
were talking, now), 11 k Dr. Creelman 16 come down and help m
With Dr. Creelman’ advic will reorgant the people as welllas 1 can.”
Now, we want to do. what {8 best for the farmers. If you know of some
measure that will benefit you, put it before the Legislature andrwe will fix
it up,” ‘1 1, “What about corn?” *“Com®" ho asked. “Yess I sald..“the
farmers of : western Ontario need some gggistance, - Why, the whole of
Ontario is pract y dependent. upon them op their s ' “How many of.
our farmers ates depending upon them for thir seed? “Well,i1 cannot &ny
thmt bot I do } Ui 3 Are eq g In from the United States and
selling Inferl ped to what could ha hought here. I know of good farmers
yo had to 8 good m to théfr hogs because. they conldn't get a
ent price 3
“The farm

v
have corn shoWs every year in Southwestern Ontario, and

they have a

changed their se

n Growers” Assocation down there. 1 Know that they have

ary four. tinjes at léast, to my own knowledge. 1 re-

member Mr. McKenney, Mr. Edwards, ‘Mr. Smith and Mr. Noble. And these
men have Fe bigger and better every year,

“J want you to let me EG to Kingsville and announce to the people, there
that vou will allow met nominate a mans who will stay down there and
undertake the, inspection of corn from every district and township, visit every.
farm and help the farmers And let the Government pay for the job."

“and he said, ‘All right’ * (Applause.) 5
Now [ have ma the @nnouncement, and we can go on to sométhirg

1 have such a man in mind, or rather two or three men fitted’ for the
place, and I hape to see him sottled so you can use him*for the purposes [
have stated. 1 want him to be on every man's farm sqoncr or later. 1 want
him.to find out who are the Honest men who age trying to make a better
produce, and then I want him to go east and tell the people where you are.
The man who 18 producihg good corn should get goad proces”for his corn,
because of the extra price he pays for his seed, the extra time he spends’ on
his crop, ‘the -extra amount of manure and summer fallow he uses, and I

him to get it.

a Ln the seed fairs are being held In Guelph and Markham and
Brockville, I want the man to he able to say to tho-farmers down there, “I
know John Smith down In such and such o township, and hé has just what
you want, first-class seed {iy every respect.” And I wantythat man further
to say for you that Canadian geed ‘corn is good enough Yor Canndians. . (Ap-
plause.) And that the seed rafsed north of the line, under the same climatic

 

 

 

 

   

 

   

   

         

     

    

 

    

     
 
   

     
     

 

m

 
 
 
 

      

    
 

  
 

 

       

rranged shows the

  

  

 

    

 

olde,

 

osted In
much better crops than we hoped to have,
not showing up badly.
think you will remember at least those of you whose hair 18 whit2, will re-
momber that there wis a time when if you had good clover hay for stock in
winter time, without any corn crop, you were satisfled.
account of a good hay crop were able to keep their good females over any-
way, and not sacrifice to the butcher, and have a few calves and pigs and
lambs, they were wall satisfied.

honey productions
but it Was pretty well through the dry weather before they were naturally
affected.
count of the increased price of cheese, milk and butter, the men who are in
the aairy business were well satisfled with their profits,
the best farmers, those who had thelr farms tiledrained as well as they
could afford, and those who had cultivated between the showers, and those
who got their crops In between the rains, and:those who did work well, have
all made money on their farms this year.

 

 

 

Some interesting Illustrations_of the Corn Show at

Kingsville—taken from the Annual Report of the Association,
also Address by Dr. Creelman, Principal O.A.C., at the Convention.

 

conditions is better seed. When that is arrived at we will have co-operation,

and two associations, one In the enst and one In the west working in unity.
That {s the situation and that is what we want.

Now I want to say some things generally that you may not all be inter-
I want to congratulate you on the crops you have had. They were
The statistics for Ontario are

Of course the hay crop was unusual If you stop to

If the farmers on

And then our statistics are coming in on the milk, butter, cheese and
During the early months the cattle came in very well,

The most of the cows went off on the amount of milk but on ac-

But, I must say that

Now ‘some. people say, “It is all very well for you, who are paid by the

Government, to get up and tell us how to make money, when we fellows who
have to put our backs to the plow, cannot make ft.”
have a large variety of corn and breeds of cattle to make a success of it.”
That's all very well, but those fellows who stuck to one, breed of sheep, hogs,
and cattle and managed to keep them through: the wet season and through
the drought, in the end made the money. The man.who sticks to one breed
of cattle or one variety of corn is the one who Is going to make good at farm-
ing:
good farmer made good, the poor farmer. failed.
ance, and understanding in
good, and so it should be an encouragement to keep our farms up to the best

They say, “You have to

That fact” was shown up ‘better this year than anyi:qther year. The
It takes patience, persever-
and his whole attention to make

the farmer,

tate of tilth, to the highest state of cultivation, that we may secure the best

productions {nthe largest quantities.

# In these days we hear so much about the high cost of living,

people are always yelling out for the farmers to produce more.

makes me tired.: Talking to the people who are working all the time, with

the utmost vigor all the time, to produce the usual amount of firm products
" ’

The city
Now that

  

Winner, Walkerville Farms, Walkerville.

Champlon ten ears of Dent Corn.

and handicapped with the.least possible amount of help... They say thdt the
farmer could do his bit for the country if he would get down to work. “Well,
I say the farmer who doesn’t do his very best to keep things going as usual
should be talked to, but the farmer who. & putting his whole time and, atten-
tion to the growing of his crop, has béen doing the besthe can, and the man
who Is talking abdut prodwetitn is the one who is on the wrong end of the
tleket, If he {8 prepared to go out on the farm during his summer vacation
and work, it 18 all right. but he won't.

I often liaveicity people come to me asking such questions. One of.these
men recently came to me in Toronto; saying, “Why don’t the farmers. produce
more? Why don't th work?” And 1 sald, “Why don't youfwork?" And he
said, “Why?” Why don't you work. Tell m# this, what do you have
to pay for your v les for a year?” “I don't know,” he said. “That's my
wife's job.” I sald, “Well, ask her. Call her up and ask her.” One of them
did call his wife up, and they figured ‘out so much for potatoes and so much
for their vegetables, in all about one hundred and fifty dollars. - And T anid,
“Why don't you raise your awn vegetables?" “ “Me?” he gasped. “Ye vou."
“I can’t,”- he salde “You say yow were raised on a farm?” “Yes
wly don't you raise your own vegetables?” “Maz: he asked again. “You've
saldi*Me’ three times now. You come in to advise me about increasing pro-
duction. “How much Jand laye you?'s “A little backyardl.' “How .big?"”
“About fifty square feet “Well,” that would grow a lot of vegetables.”
sWould it?” he said. 4YeS, and if every backyard dn tHe. city of Torontw was
cultivated even ten fect square, enough’ vegetables would be grown. to supply
all the families. There are about flve hundred thousand peopl? living in To.
ronto, and nearly every one of them has a backyard. They have to have a
way out 80 to speak. Ifxyou only had a plot forty or fi feet square you
could grow all your vegetables, Youseould grow ydur peas and beans by tho
door, and. your celery and carfots, ‘and beets and lettuce; and your tomatoes
against the fence.” “Well; how would that help the ¢mpire? he asked.
“Well,” 1 sald,!“if you can produce these stuffs for your own use that would
let the other fellow spend his time on growing the big products, the field
cropé. And,” I sald, $we are; going to talk and write this up in the newss
papers and say, ‘A garden for every family in 1917. Evoary person in the
Province of Ontario could produce at leaststwenty-five dollars worth of stuff,
and that multiplied by the numbér of people (nthe provinte would make mil,
llons of dollars saved for the Government.”

Now 1 would like to see some things done at-an early date, things-that
the farmers can do for themselyes, largely.’ 1 would like to se2 a mil® of
good ronds each year in every township. (Applauge.) I belleve that we need
instructiopsfor our farmers’.sons and daughters along lines of scientific farm
ing.  (Applause,). Now, we can't teach any person, but one who" hns some
knowledge of farming, the farmers" sons are the ones wé'want. So the boy
who comes to us with a good common farm education, with tha baat know-
ledge thatshis father had and comes to us and finds out about the best breeds
of sheep and has a breed of sheep at home to compare with them, and the
same with cows, can get something out of the College. He go2s homo with
the idea that now, with his father's experience and the help of the Agricul-
tural Representative that the Government-has here for his assistapes, he can
use his awn brains to better his“farm. That is all tho Agriculturnl College
can do for him, make him thfak. And with a ‘mile more of good roads In
every township each year conditions would soon he. better, - It is all very wall
for us old fellows to talk about progress, but we cannot do [t All. Our best
days are over. Here are those eight boys before me, come to the meeting
with sticks In thelr hands, I suppose-they Are farmers’ sons: Al any rate
they were interested enough to come and listen to this talk. It Isn't fair to
take n hoy and make a man of him too soon, but every boy shoulil realize

 

 

 

 
  

 

 
          

 

 
     

 

 

 

 

   

  

 

 

his opportunities, Now, I would like to say that the boy going fou schoo)

‘Well,

with the idea that he is going to get something out of It evary day, that he
wis going to know something more about farming every day, will succeed,

I think that the teaching in our country schools should lead to proper Hv
ing In the country. Of course some will slip away to the cities, but I vhink It
would be more useful to the boy to be trained towards farm life than what
is being done towards fitting him for matriculation. Fit him for the thing
at hand,

I sny woe might do that. It is all very well to give him bopk Instruotion,
but every farmer's boy of to-day should be a good judge ot corn before he
is fourteen years of age. Such a courie could be put in place of many of the
subjects that he 8 forced to learn, sitting in the seat with his feet hardly
touching the floor, and learning something that he will never use. But you
say the Education Department should attend to that. { have talked with
many educational experts from Dr. Pyne down, and they all say that they
are willing to take the matter up as soon as the peopie show a desire to
have something done along that line.

You can make the schools what you want them to be. Jf you want hetton
schools you can have them. 1 would like to see that every school teacher
who goes to your schools has had a course in the Agricultural College... Our
College is open all the year round, and we had over two hundred teachers
there during the summer holidays last year. We don't want them to think
that they have to teach farming, but we want them to know about the corn
and the grains that are raised and consumed, There 18 no ransen why every
teacher shouldn't have that training.

And there is no reason why every school shouldn't have in solionl gar-

It rouses an interest in the pupils. And, let me say thet the teac her
The teacher has nothing to Jo wita planting
The trustees are responsible for

den
can only do a certain amount.

first-class Canadian trees about the schools.
that. I would like all school grounds to be beauty spots. The school grounds

were more beautiful before we cut the old forest trees down. i would like
to see the children, before thy study about the Kamschatka,"Dwine and Nova
and the other rivers of Eurape, and about Manchuria and China, and what
a relative pronoun is, know about the things around-them. - I' [earned all that
before 1 knew the difference between a bluejay and a swallow.” I learned
that before I knew the common grains, the common flowers and the weeds
that we are getting in from the eastern Provinces, and I did not know any-
thing about stopping them’ then and they have run all over tic farm since,
The boys and girls are still permitted to go along that way, anil they do not
know theshames of the stars over their heads or how the soll under their feet
was made, and the grasses they are tramping upon, and upon which they are
to spend the rest of their days.

The young boys In Switzerland, reden and Norway know all toese things
befdre they are out of their teens. They are taught all about wh is In the
township, in their community, before" they learn about the outside world,
And our boys and our men are woefully ignorant of these things, and If they
do know—and it is only an’odd fellow in the vicinity who does—you cannot
talk to him because you do not know anything about the things he has read
and knows about. Let us know about the things that are common in ourcon--
versation—the beasts and flowers ofthe field. In the first.place it is educa:
tiondl, and in the second place it is economical. It is good citizenship to
have a man know these things.

If he knows birds he knows those which are injurious and uo Kili these,
and if he knows those which are good for eating injurious woudgséeds and
grubs, then he will allow them to live and encourage them on his farm. I
wisi I could ‘gorddwn and slap Jack Miner on the back, an? to thank him for
the work he has done. 1 wish they had a bird sign-on every tree. “Don't
kill the birds.” I wish every boy and girl could come har2 and see his bird
Irohices, and reserves for the wild fowl. I can {maging the boyz and gliria
going home saying, “Father, why can't we grow more Lrecs liere so the birds
will come and live in them, and couldn't we have u little house for the birds
to live in?" It ‘would be a great and lasting good to the countr :

Now. I leave these things with you. And don't tell mo
well, but the Government and Agricultural College won't help. us.”

 
 

 

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

It's all very
We have

 

 

all kinds of books and pamphlets for you to.read if you will only ask for them, .

on all branches of agriculture and stock raising. Ask for them.

Then I want you to prepare for the electric power. The (armer of to-
doy is a business man. He is<dependent on nobody now. I" can remember
waen I used to come to towd with my father, and how he would grasp me
by the hand and take me into the bank with him.~Fither always went in a
kink of apologetically, and I slunk along behind him; for*l wanted to’ see the
animals in the cige. The banker came out and gruffly ‘asked when wo want-
aed. My father sald he wanted to deposit some money.. Father sald it very
npologetically, as if he were asking a favor. The baffker's manner was
pompous and lifty, I do not know what that banker would have looked ke if
father had wanted to borrow money instead ‘of deposit it. —He said, “Can_you
make out the deposit slip or do‘you want someone to fix it for you?” Now
that was an insinuction of ignorafice in my father. My father was a well
read man. But there was.such a distance between the men. Now, that. won't
go any more im these days with eggs dt five cents aplece, corn at $1, wheat
nearly $2 and hogs at 9% cents live weight.. You do not need to'take your hat
off to anyone anymore. And those prices will never go back to the old prices
we used to get, but you will have to-be sure that you have got the goods to

sell. > «4 WN EUAN
Eggs bring in sixty cents a dozen now. We have Rock eggs In Guelph
I had an egg in Kingsville

for breeding that we sell for ten cents aplece,
yesterday that I was told cost five cents, At'any rate hens should be profit-
able, “You say that that's the old woman's job; that she looks after the
chickens, and what she gets from them in her money. And’ at that they have
to roost on the old cutter. . (Laughter,) That's playing the game. I want
the farmers to do a lot of thinking. Maybe thinkipg of corn will lend them
nto, chickens, and maybe chickens will lead them into seep. That will all
profit you something, The hen that lays.eggs for fifteen days in succession
and then quits and goes and sets on them, at the very time that eggs are
high, isn’t going to do you any good. You must have hens laying when prices
are high. Yon have have to hatch-them early jn: the season and Kedp them
down.in the cellar and leave one gf tlie childrén to’watch them, but even If
you pay him you will be gafning in the ‘end, for you havesinterestéd him in
chickens: Why, If he leave you at twenty years you will have lost him, the
best help that you could get. Get him Interested in the farm, and Jet him
take his share of its responsibility, ‘

They tell me you.can dig a hole any place in Ontario and strike water
And they tell'me that if you just letdown a pipe you can tap it in thejhouse
With a few attachments the girls can get both hot and cold water from the tap
in your own farmhouse, and the mother, too} who is geting older, now, doesn't
need to go out. and bringin snow to get water to heat for the baths. That
is a seemingly common thing, water, but the good God gave it to us and when
are we fellows going to understand that running water is a necessity, We
should hive watern oun farm. houses. I do not know, but I think it would
be worth while to find®out what it would cost to put in a bathroom and wind-
mill and fank, and I don't know but what {t would,be a good Idea to send,
out notices tothe farmers saying; yau can have hot Water and a bathroom in
your house for so much. I think It would be money aell spent at any rate,
for I don't think our girls would be going to work ip towns for $3.60 a week
it they could have everything handy and hot water Th the tap.

Now, co-operation.» We have established a department, with Mr. Hart
{fn charge. In the speech from the throne, which yo may have noticed In the
papers, there was mention made with regard to the Agricultural Associa
tion whereby farmers coud have co-operation, where they may get their
heads togethér and do-those things that they can do In their communities
which they cannot do without the :ommunity spirit, and break up the petty
jenlousies that are so prevelent. *There was a co-operative corporation in
connection with the fruit growers in Niagara. The agents offered to sell the
upples for the growers at 26c. a barrel. And, while they. secured a better
market for the apples, and the farmers got $1.26 more for their apples per
barrel than they.could have gotten themselves, they begrudged the com.
mission. They did; not*understand the value of cooperation

Of course there are some co-operative combinations which we call trusts
which are not beneficial to the producers, but I think we have not many In
this country. 3

Then let us get rid of these petty jealousies and let us all get together.
If we ever get together in the Province of Ontario from Essex to Glengarry, and
got together for the Improvement of the churches, for the improvement of our
schools, for, the-Jmprovement of the men, women and children, the church,
the school, and the people as a community centré will rise up in their might
and enjoy prosperity. If we live through to that time we will live to enjoy
the clear blue sky and the good ground, and reap the Joys of prosperity.
When that time comes I hope still to be Commissioner of Agriculture.

 

 

 

 

 

  
    
   
    
  

  
 

Dr. GEO. C. CREELMAN,
President O.A.C,, Queiph.
.

 
    
    
   
     

Champlon Winner
George Coghill, Kingsville.

‘0

*

Champlon Single.
A. S. Maynard, Chatham.

 

     
   
