   
     
   
   
  
  
  
  
 
   
    
      
          
       
      
     
       
               
     
   
   
 
     

   

At the Front

Our Wall Papers for 1917 are still at the front’ and cannot be beaten for
artistic value. - :

"Rugs,

 

 

 

The distinguishing features of our new stock may.be summed up as follows:

Design of Merit = Superior Materials
Individuality of Colorings Expert Workmanship

living room, on any other room of the home,

Cheese Materfals.

        
    

/ and the Prices less than what is usually asked for goods of similar quality.

  
 
  
 
         
    
    
       
           

 

HE EOHO IS THE OFFICIAL PAP R OF THE TOWNSHIP OF OOLOHESTER SOUTH.

—————— TW oro 1s 7 CreICUL FArE" OF THE TOWNSHI PR.SONINITTF JONIN
PRPS LC oor | _ Sunday visitors at Thomas Herni- Feeding Sugar Beet :

     

A LARGE 8TOCK OF

Paper Covered Books

to select from, Including ayvorks by the
most popular writers of fiction, and &

full line of
Nicholas Carter's Detsctive Stories

10¢, 15c 20c.
THE SENTINEL STORE

BELL BLOCK HARROW.

———

repudiation of this agreement by tak-
ing off these traing was a most bare-
taced and reprehensible act, and the
company linsn’t deserved the consid-
eration they have received ut— the
council’s hands. 2

+* -
T HARROW. +
PPPOE WO 8 LLL Sl

Mrs. Ray Mitchell, of Ottawa, has
been n guest at Carl Mitchell's,

Do ‘you require Page Wire fence? I
keep it in stock. O. M. Pastorius.

The Harrow and Oxley Methodist
churches congributed $3.392 for all
purposes during the financial year
just closed

Photographs, —Now is the time to
telephone for appointments. Ww. D.

McVey, Oxley Beach. 3
Those pupils who are going up for

Entrance will write on the first part
Friday and Saturday of this week, Mr.
Johnston has a class of eleven, and
likely. there are some medal winners

a
among them as usual. | dotted dob bbb bb Ebb
Sprinkling.—Tenders for this work | +

. |will be recelved by the undersigned | COLCHESTER SOUTH I

up 4 Saturday, Moy 2270 ar 3 pm. prrRrRTeRTRRe EE SRE
16 lowest or any tender no ced. ,
75 7 Mr, and Mrs, Forest Sellars, of Mal-
Ean accepted. J. H. Madill, Village den, spent Sunday with relatives here.
: The William . Quick, of .. Gesto, spent
planted the Tuesday at Thomas Herniman’s, Oak
plot before the Ridge. A “h Lo
to that portion at Edwin Lockwood, who has been very
poorly for a long time, continues about,

THE Best BINDER TWINE

The Best Price

That's what everyone is looking for
especially when prices are sO high
We have endeavored to give you the
best value in the past and this year
is no exception. Our facilities for

  
  
     

   
    
 

 

 

Harrow Patato~ Girls’ club |
greater portion of their
rain and look forward
least of. their land
Everyone

bh > : \ producing a good crop. 5
buying Binder Twine after over 20 {3 Interested in this experiment. the same, 4 etd wan
Services In the Methodist church Joseph  Bondy’s 0. son. ha
Sunday next as follows: 10 a.m.. Sun: ons of his fingers broken by the kick

day school and Bible classes; 11 a.m.,
public worship. subject, “Ideal Liv-
ing”; 7.30 p.m., subject, “Ideal Dying.”
" their advt.
by, Huseer oy preach., A cordial Mrs, William Snider, of Harrow,
: ¥ | visited a few days last week with rel-

G. Richardson & Son announce their
binder twine prices in this issue. See

years of handling twine allows us to
pass these especially attractive pri-
Now is the time to secure bargain troy at ONI0F:

ces on to you FOR CASH.
in millinery, All trimmed shapes re- oa. ohn Watters and son tila

L] r
: a hy duced at Miss Hughson's. In this lot
Plymouth Special ; l GE 1b you will find just what yoll want for and Migs Mary Ann Waters spent the
2 @® | your midsummer hat, Leghorns, Pan-

Iweek-end in the city.
Have you seen the mew Maltese

    
 

   
    
 

   

 

      
   
    
  
   
      
   
    
   
    
 
   
    
  
  
   
   
  
     
  
     
     
     
   
  
   
  
   
   
    
 

500 Feet 3
’ iron Thi Hens In| ross automobile casing C. Richard-
/ 3 5 Sh af 1 “In the Windsor District-of the Meth- Sap & Scn ore scliing ot, fittecn dol-
he mou 1 ver e odist, church 1287 members wére add- aps:
| A JEdward Bratt has greatly improved
@ | ed “to the church on profession of
600 Feet $ faith during the year. Deducting the appearance of his farm by adding
= > those who dled, removed from the |® fine lawn fence along the front.
Ya | district, thers was a net gain of 1,047. 5 oullen, of Leamington, has erent-
mout 0 € d Over $100,000 were raised for all pur-[8¢ & BIS cemetery a beautiful com-
~ ® | poses. , bination cép- monument to’ the mem-
> 650 Feet S ! The $16% hog soon runs into big org oh the late George C. McLean.
money. During the past month G. {16 John Fox was driving down
the, lane Wedneoday of, last week, hig

Arner & Sons shipped one batch of
51, which brought them $1,668, and
another lot of 28, bringing $726, or
nearly $2,400 worth, in the past 30
days. ~This'is going some even for
Harrows where hog records are belong
[| broken alk the time.

The question of a half holiday du
Ing June, July and August has bt
under discussion for some time,
it looked as if this would be dispens
with, but the merchants are now gets
ting together and expect to make &
mutual agreement to close every
Thursday afternoon during the’ sum:
mer months, beginning in June.

Owing to illness of two of its mem-
bers, the musical entertainment, “The
New Minister,” to have been given
at Oxley Monday night, has been post-
poned till next Monday night, the
asth. Don’t miss this, as It will be
the greatest treat of the season. Pro-
ceeds 4n ald of the Red Cross work.

Come early and get a seat.

team became

   
    
  
  

All orders that have been placed
- with us will" be protected at the

above prices.

We also have a limited quantity we will
also sell at these prices to those who’ have not
already favored us with their orders.

{ C. RICHARDSON & SON

QENERAL HARDWARE.

    
    
 

ro

duced at Miss Hiwhson's.

    
   
   
 
   

black and white,

   

at’ the approaches io Cedar

    
    
  
 

 

     
    
  
      

for damages Which might occur
in making the passage.”

In Oxley Methodist

HARROW. or

   
  
      
    
   
   
     
  
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
     
   
     
  

 

 

’ ert Rev. E. §. Clifton, B. A., and Mrs,
Single Driving Harness | tn Clifton were farewelled" at the Baptist aye is 1, slsnaid oroisirg
5 8 1 ! \ ghurgh 9p Tuesday Right by Hembprs | ladies. "AN who 3 reac 10 =

As a vehicle of pleasure \ and adherents of that church. fa - : ! -

The auto is fast and.fleat, \ * |interesting program was rendered ang sietng the Red Cross, will be cordially

an address given by Rev. Mr. Eding.
ton, after which Mr..GHfton wos Dre.
sented with a mantle clock and Mpg,
Clifton with an appropriate gift fFom

i But for a vehicle of courtship
a Tho old top buggy can't be beat:

good single harness right now is to

  
  

   
  
  
    
    
 
  
 
  
     

The bast way 0 Sot : t it and have it made, out of Wich th
I order one:just the way you want it an aveit » the Ladies’ Union, which the Facip. 1
3 GENUINE. I0AK TANNED LEATHER.—There is no better {ents acknowledged in > Aiting mage struck ng ok the bane Fg = =
pr | ¥ H 1 A y ¥ 0 al u {J ”
quality and the price will also suit. Er I tthe: wool Dare leav-|yj, damage to the bullding, but injur:
The “following from a Sarnis cor- ing a valupblé: horse to such am

"ROYAL PURPLE and PRATT'S GOODS |"
¢ ! rospondent will be of interest at this

HARROW time: —“Following the receipts qf

) numerous complaints of boys and girls
ONTARIO under the age of 16 years fréqueniing

4lio streets of the city after 9 o'clock,
notice has been {ssued that the curfew
by-law will be hereafter strictly en:
forced, and that all children under age
must be off the streets, unless accom-
panied by a guardian. The police
have- previously emdeavored. to break
this ‘habit, but they have been inter-
tored with by tho parents of the chfl-
dren, and the final notice ‘from “the
dity ‘officials. has resulted.”

* Following from. the Chatham News

tent that it had to be destroyed.
was covered by animal insurance.

i

A fewsselect RAIN. COATS.

CHAS. WEBSTER

THE HARNESS MAN.

Have Your _—
Eyes Tested REE

 

 
  

     

    
  
 
   
   
     
  
   
    
  
    
  

    
 
 

May y
of the Walkerville Baptist

  

 

  

 

    
  
  
   
 
 
  
  

evening at 7.30 ‘o'clock.
dfally Invited to come and enjoy

 

   
   
 
  
 
  
  
 
   
  

at both ‘services.

chester's prominent farm

     
   
 
 
 
   
  
 
  

     
 
  
 
 
  

   

      

© lieved by properly fitted glasses, *|*A very interesting ceremony oy

to-day at the Dow:

conducted at noon
fing was raised In

 

 

    
  
 
  
 

  

   

hould always be a memanto

ning E 4 f : the flag Sho nr concluded lower prices than us

We give you the ben

Arp

   

  

rat a

to {he avérage home than merely clean-
Bn TE EE AN 3 tL §

2)

Carpets, Linoleums

STILL SELLING AT LESS THAN MANUFACTURERS’ COST TO-DAY

Window Draperies

If you need New Curtains for the kitchen, for the bedroom, for the
see our special offerings in

  
 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 

frightened and broke
away from him. Fortunately they were
caught before Misch damage was done,

Now is the time to sggure a bargain
in millinery. Al trimmed shapes re:
In this lot
you. will find just wiak you want for
our midsimmer hat.” Liaghorns, Pan-
, Taigels and Miln Hemps In

e council Is erecting large signs
Creek
bridge on both sides to warn drivers
that the bridge around the one being
newly erected is. only temporary, and
drivers cross at {heir own risk. This

will relieve the township from suits
it

autos or othe; vehicles were injured

The drama, which was to be given
church Monday
night, was postponed until next Mon-
doy evenlhg, owing to the fllness of
some of thoge who were to have taken

A very severe storm passed over
this district Saturdey night. Light-
ning was sharp and thunder pealed
{ncessantly. During the'storm lightning

The anniversary of (Colchester Bap-
tist church will* be held on Sunday,
27th, Rev. Mr. Forsyth, pastor
church,
who was a very efficient assistant at
the recent Hanley-Fisher revival ser-
vices in Windsor, will have chargo in
the morning, at 11 o'clock and in the
All are cor

trent. A thank offering will be taken
Asked cs.to the effect of the recent

heavy rain, A. R. Forrias, one of Col-
ers, sald:i—

4 ) on Monday has a local significance in | oy o, Fight, IY ob

A : x fforts of the Ladies’ Aux- |i , if it_ quits’ now.. “The | erent lodges of the.county. All report

those headaches. which Sa be boii of rect Ye pole here:— ground neoded this, and with warm, OE Pantie 1. Higginw || =
ory | tas | Weather the crops will never stop Wis somewhat under the weather for

ready to cut.”
The good effects of tlle dr&innge are

 

 

   
  

Y I OR Jeweler and H [ley Works when a very, apparent in this district. Tiled Coll t S |
YX LUIN “optician © 0 To ied am. 02 He Who folds have no water lying on them de or Home hore, 5 Which makes the most beautiful flat tint for walls.
Asi — uo |e. oulisted and of KO tre |1DIta tho very hoody Taina and ithe pal fp Se rh pid
: AT Se p tellow-workmen who had given their spring cropa are coming along very COLCHESTER NORTH, ° rs = . Ely RIE SY
; SEPP E ERR Ri SOTO avort to crush German |; t. : : boy Rid, ° : le : 3
§ el 0 - i ; N° re milita sh has doue their duty and Pie sores CR rg Reid Elford. 55 Y: and Ales 2 SE ete, AY need
I in, Very . Barl Ruston, of Windsor, spent Sun- [ij == fn is you Fi ot ; astray by

to-day.
chard: day

 

ing | —Mrs. Srigley and: gon, of

  

     

~ NEWEST-FASHIONS =~
In Summer Millinery

 

Early shopping will secure choice things in the Millinery Section. ;
: New midsummer styles in White Milan and Black Linen with Crepe
and Maline over brims. Beautifully trimmed with ribbons and clever

ornaments. »
| TAKE A LOOK IN OUR WINDOW,

THEN TAKE A LOOK INSIDE THE STORE.

Trade 40c
Cash 39c

     

man’s were Mr. and Mrs. Jason Snid-
or, Mr. and Mrs. James Hernlman and
son and Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Snider, of
Harrow.

On the 6th Inst: Rev. Henry J. Tler
passed away at the home of his daugh-
ter; Mrs. Harry L. Skemp, in Dubuque,
lowa, from a severe 2ttack of gns-
tritis, If he had lived until August hs
would have been 80 years of age. De-
ceased had been making his home with
his daughter, Mrs. J. E. Conant, at
Granville, Ohio, for some years, and
some time ago went to visit his daugh-
ter at Dubuque! In the sixties and
seventies Mr. Iler was in the mercan-

or
Sugar Mangel ;

 

Sweet Corns—
Stowell’s Evergreen and
Early Minnesota

tile business in Kingsville and at

Leamington, ‘going .to the United J Get your Seed Now

States to engage in the ministry.

Later he settled on a farm in Clay- FROM

ton, Mich, which he left to his chil- : :

dren He Wag Sopstiny in demand E. F, DARBY, HARROW.

or funerals and weddings, his genial rT — 2
DRUGGIST OPTICIAN STATIONER

kindly ' face, giving him hearty wel-
come wherever he went, In 1885 Mrs.
Ner passed away, and five years later
Mr. ller married Mary Rowley, of | ==

NOTARY PUBLIC

     
 

 

 

 
  
  
    
   
   
    

 

        
          
       
      

  

    
     

  
   
    
    
   
    
   
  
  

GA

Clayton, Mich, who predeceased him a 4 Nn on 7 5
four years, The remains were taken 4
to Jackson, Mich., for.interment, Mr. Canned Fruit Exhausted , ¢
15% and is survived by four chil- 4! hat Can I Get for Sauce 2
ren: Etta, wife of Dr. J. E. Conant, Many housewives this iod i i
dra A he arr any housewives are at this peri wondering what to substitute for Fruit
DE aumy ovaiyn Br tler, Plums, Strawberries, Cherries and Raspberries in tins
of ianospalls Man: oio by two| Jams in glasses and tins, Orapge Marmaide,
: ‘ ‘Drie caches and Prunes, Pumpkin, Raisins,
:/ »
fo alia Mrs. Frank Fox, Mra.
arry Bassett and Mrs. Robt. Fair. 3
A marriage that has been expected A full 1 Feeallent, for Pies, Fr it
u me ege es an oreign .
was consummated Wednesday afters : 8 8 nits
noon at 2.30 o'clock, at the home of Ir 4 Good yr
Mr. and Mrs. Jacob - McLean; when L H. FERRIS Home of Eats; W.S.T.B.
|
McLean, became the bride of Allan J., :
youngest son of Mr. and Mrs. James
Howie. Rev. Dr. Husser, pastor of
Unattended the young couple . took
thelr places beneath an evergreen arch . .

You cannot go-wrong by buying a DeLaval,
floral bell, to the strains of the wed-}. _ . ; : *
ding march played by Miss. Agnes : Melotte, or Lilly: See them at our Garage.

Howle. The ceremony was witnessed | &3 5 .
_* McCormick Farm Implements are best.
and friends of the immediate families, : : :
The bride looked exceedingly sweet
gowned fh white silk crepe de chine, |: iA
She carried a beautiful bouquet of 90—32 horse power.
white roses and valley lilies. The din- "a
Ing room was appropriately decorated d 3 id &

       
    
 
 
 
  
        
  
    
      
  
       
 
     
     
   
 
   
     
 

i

 

    
   
        
  

ler was born in Armér August 27th,
of their own serving. A FEW SUGGES i
Skemp, of Dubuque, Iowa; Hardy H. a BGO
sisters, Mrs. Timothy Shay, Mrs. »
Cauned Apples, Mince Meat, Blueberries,
along the lake. front for some. time
their youngest daughter, Miss Faye Harrow Phone 5 ] ;
Harrow Methodist church, officiated. CREAM SEPARA 1 ORS *
from which was suspended a beautiful p +
by some seventy-five guests, relatives i
"Let us demonstrate Overland Car, Model
with pearl trimmings and point luce.
with tulips, white hyacinths'and ferns.

Aftep congratulations were showered 1), Hare WwW. S
upon Mr. Howie and bride, a buffet \ , iS) »
lunch was served by the following | :

young Indies: Misses Anna Craig,
Nellie Ferriss, Loraine Klie and Helena
Mickle, Later in the afternoon” Mr.
and Mrs. Howie left by motor for |
Windsor and other places to spend a
week's’ honeymoon, the bride travel
ling In a going away suit of:tan shade
with hat to match, Among the guests
were Mr. and Mrs. "Gordon Fox, of
Kingsville, and Mr. and Mrs. Arthur
Curtis, of Merlin. ‘The beautiful pres-
ents of which they were the recipients
testify the esteem in which the young’
people are held In this gommunity.
The Bcho, extends hearty congratula-

tions.

   
   
   
    
  
   
   
    
    
       

 

 

Special Sugar Prices
¢ For Saturday, May 26th,

Redpath’s Granulated $8.85 per cwt.

Brown Sugar. - $8.25 =
One Day Only. : ;

: oH Line Fresh Groceries.——

P. HALLO & SON
2. HARROMN. &_ @——-——

ins for Housecleaning |

i House cleaning time is at hand. Why not brighten
the home outside with . :

Martin Senour (00' Per Cent, Pure

4 ; :
and inside with

New Tone

 

 

 
 
    
   
   
      
    
   
   
    
   
   
  
   
   
   
   
      
    
    
    

 
 

     
   
      
    
   
 

Zion.

The wet weather of ther first part
of. the week will stop work on thé
flelds, but will set the pastures and
meadows going.—Miss Mildred Balk-|
will is Improving “somewhat slowly.
Dr. Cassidy, of Detroit, was over and
held .a consultation with Dr. McKen-
gle, the attending physician. —Rev: G.
A. King, of Kingsville, preached two
very Jmpressive sermons at Zion
church on Sunday: last—The enter-
tainfuent held in the church on Mon-
day evening was not largely attended
on account of the bad eondition ot the
ronds and the threatening weathor.—
The W. M. S. auxiliary of Zion church
met at the home of Mrs. J. R. Balk-
will on Thursday last.—Miss Nora
Fulmer spent Sunday at her home
here.—Allle Geauvrean and Miss Eva
Willan spent Sunday. at the home of
H..L. Hedges.—Bd. Stead motored to
Amherstburg, taking with him a num-
ber of brother Oddfellows, on Thurs-
day evening of last v/eek, where somo
degree work was being put on by. die LE

 

  
    
   
  

    
   
   
    
    
       

3

       

   
    
      
  
      
     
   
   
    
    
  
  

 

       
   
     
   
    
   
 
  
  
 

a

  
  
     
  
  
  
  
 
   
    
      
   
  
 
   
  
   

a few days, but is all right again:

Miss Flossie Stead, of Windsor Busi

  
 
 

   
  
    
     
    
     
  
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

at his home here. —Miss Cummi-
[for i am: Sot
A aloe, over

8
~weok.:
