THE AMHERSTBURG ECHO.

WHEATLEY.

G. G. Woodward, who has heen
manager of the Merchants Bank here,
alace Jost April, leit Saturday for lnz
new position at Newbuyy.

William Malott, who has spent the
summer fishing In the vicinity of
Cedar Springs, has secured a position
with the Brunner, Mond Company at
Amherstburg, and left Wednesday to
enter upon his duties.

The following enumerators for
Wheatley and Romney, have bean ap-
pointed to fovise the voters’ ats in
proparation for the approaching Fed-
eral election: - Wheatley, J. W. Ken-
nedy. Romney, Polling Sub-division
No. 1, J. M., Edwards; No. 2, W. A.
Robertson; No. 8, G. B. Wright; No.
4, John Featherston; No. 5, Thomas
Robinson. :

’ — S-

TILBURY.

George Wright has purchased the
farm of J. Sheppy on the Sth conces-
sion, Tilbury West. Mr. and Mrs,
Sheppy expect to leave shortly for the
Northwest.

Mrs. Frank Labonte, Tilbury North,
was before Magistrate Callwood on
Monday on the charge of striking her
motherdn-law, Mrs. Thomas Labonte.
Slie wps released on suspended sen-
tence, J

J. £ Magee had a nasty accident
while’ crossing the Tilbury West and
Rochester townline Sunday on the

The Muster or Fruaxce offers for Public Subscription

Canada’s Victory Loan

$150,000,000 5}, Gold Bonds

Bearing Interest from December Ist, 1917, and offered in three maturities, the éholce of which Is optional with the smbseriber, ne filows:

! 8 year Bonds due December 1st, 1022 We
10 year Bonds due December 1st, 1027
20 year Bonds due December 1st, 1037

This Loan Is authorized under Act of the Parliament of Canada, and both principal and interest are a charge upon the Consolidate] Reyenne Fund.

The amount of this lssue ia $150,000,000, exclusive of tha amount (If any) pald Ly the surrender of bonds of previous lmaes, The Anister of Finance
however, reserves the right to allot the whole or any part of the umount subscribed In excess of §150,000,000.

The Proceeds of this Loan will be uned for War purposes only, and will be spent wholly In Canada.

Principal and Intereat payable In Gold
Denaminatioas: $50, $100, 500 and $1,000

Subscriptions must be in sums of $50 ar nultiples thereof.
Principal payable without charge at the Office of the Minister of Finance and Recver Geoeral at Ottawa,
General at Halifax, St. John, Charlottetown, Montreal, Toronto, Winnipeg, Regina, Calgwy and Victoria.
Interest payable, without charge, hall-yearly, June let and December 1st, at ny branch in Canada of any Chartered Bank,

Bearer or Registered Bonds

Ponda may be registered as to principal or as to.principal’and interest,
Scrip certificates, non-negotiable, or payable oY bearer, in recordance with the choles of the applicant (or registered or bearer bonds, will be lzsued after
allotment in exchaage for provironal receipts. When these scrip certificates hays been paid in full, and payment endorsed thereon by the bank recelviig the money
they may be exchagged for honds, when prepared, With coupons attached, fayable to bearer, or registered as to principal, or fully registered bonds when
prepared, without tonpons, in accordance with the application,
Delivery of li:terit certificates and of definitive bonds will be made through the Chartered Banks. dead eal ont
Bearer bonds with coupans will be issued in denominations of £40., $100., $502. and $1,000. and may be registered cs to principal only. ully regis.
tered bods, the interest on which is paid direct 6 the owner by Government cheque, will be fsaued in denominations of $1,000, $3,000. or any authorised
multiple of $5,000,
Subject to the payment of 25 cents for each new bo :
of the denomination of $1,000 with coupons, and; holders of bonds with coupons will have the right to convert uto folly

N\

or at the Office of the Amistant Receiver

nd fusued. holders of fully realstered bonds without conpons, will have tlie right to convert into bonds

 

 

Thirty Years

GASTORIA

THE CONTAUN COMSANY, NEW YORK €ITV.

DomaldeMacLean, MPP. for Sasla-
toon, was elected House leader of the
Opposition ia .the Saskatchewan L.og-
lalcture

A lynx more than five feet long and
weighing 40 pounds, was hot by ex-
Warden Ferguson. jn the township of

0 Yonge and Esccit

e al gag Antonio Fabriano, an’ elderly mer-
fl humzn dict compares [chant at Welland, was shot and serious-

vats. © Nothing «clse | ly wounded. by two robbers, compat-

y riots, who entergd his store. .

The Huntsville Local Tribunal mem-
bers had a lively © struggle with a
young farmer whom they falled to
exempt, and had to call in the Chief of
Police before he was overpowered.

Five hundred Lanark conpty far-
me paraded at Perth and drew uh a
resolution to send to Hon. T. A. Crér:
ar, Minister of Agriculture, protesting
dgainst non-cxemption of farmers.

The hody of James Powers, member
of the Royal Flying Corps from Deser-
into, was” found ~lying besid> the
Michigan Central Railway tracks sev-
on miles west of Chelsea, Friday morn
ng. ! y
Harry Bunn, 87 years of aga, “¢liest
gan of a prosperous farmer of Walt
towrship; whs, found drowned in a
lake near Bracebridge; he is said to

{|have worried over the prospect of be-
fog drafted.

Col. ‘King, M. 0. H,
arines, “calls attention to
percentage, nearly 30 per oent., of the
young men in Canada, found physically
unfit by the Military Board of Medical
Examiners,

W. EF. O'Connor, Acting Commisalon-
er on the High Cost of Living, states
thnt butter and eggs mre belov, un-
Justifinhly: accumnlated and should bé
placed on the market, lowering the
prinaa, d

Tha body of Judge Duncan Marrigson,
of Prince Edward County Court, was
discovered in the Bay of Quinte close
to a wharf. It is presumed that, un-
able to sleep, he went for a walk and
accidentally fell off the pier,

Wounded: Canadians now ‘recdiving
treatment in hospitals in Great Brits
ain numbered on%the 26th of Octdker
19,226; men returned from oversens 28
unfit for further service and now con-
valescing In hospitals ard savalorin
in Canadn number 10,199.

Pato Jeloff, an Austrian, and Ncola
Stocoff, a Pole, were badly beaten
and robbed of about $2100, which with
%1,070. more they were carrying about
them, having withdrawn it from the
bark, fearing tng Victory Loan was
soma form of confiscation.

It is announced in the current isrne
of the Canada Gazette that at the
request of the United States zuthor-
ities, motice is given that persons en
route from Canada through the Unit-
ed States and to another country must
carry regular passports, which must
bo approved by the U. §. conbuls in
Canada. |

Alan BE. Kay, of Toronto, is dead,
and Crawford Hopkins, Toronto, 8
taxi driver, ds lying seriously injured

Jin’ Victogia ital, as a resanit of
the touring car in which they were rid-
ing betsg struck by a fast easthonnd
C. P: R. passenger train in the asylum
grounds, London, Friday afternoon.

wea " Winnipeg city policemen ,. joined
cians of this |forces with tho military constables to
in ! comb fle ¢ify for Class One men uv-

alr, in advising boypnito
aid this: “Among my
und 5is=

body-building.

CANADIAN NEWS.
|

pple buy this food

pt oatmeal made

the plump and the
worthless.

lp from the crear of

62 sifti Only ten

re good enough for uso

ult is a richness and

and the maximum

spite its quality, costs
ihe Does it pay to

IBPORTING GOODS
AM. Limited

BLDG. TORONTO.

RTRAND
DIRECTOR

pbalmer, ‘Murray St.

fgght.
Tow ® no 20

TIOIAN.
Tape
mol 1]
ou, Main 83. Kingsvillo

age Dicenses.

Fioket Agent.

Surgeon.
Dalhauslo apseot south
rg. Boll Tolo-

dsy or night.

PLICATIONS, as thoy
seat of tho disease.
od or constitutional

to cure it you

ly, and
and mucous

oe cfoct] tary authorities, ncting on telograp
ngredients natructions from Ottawa, began re
ro | cost In the street all

oe gr] Oa ANSWOrS Were
oo “{not giv cf Were
., ‘Props, To-{sent to city and military police hi

Middle Rond. He met a car and be
ing blinded by the Hghts ran into the
bridge. ‘The members of his family
were not seriously imjured although
the car was badly damaged.

Pe

KINGSVILLE.

Charles R. Jackson moved “in lust
week from his farm east of town to
his home on Spruce street, which he
purchased last spring: from Mrs,
Prangnell. - He had previously over-
howled and improved his town prop-
orty. Mr, Jackson's son will occupy
the home place, :

Miss ‘Willa Yeates,” who has been
visiting with her “sister, Mrs. (Rev.)
George A. King; for several days, left
for Toronto Monday last, She grad-
uated as a nurse Friday and has gone
to Edmonton, where she will visit with
another sister, . Mrs. Truesdale, for
some time, i

At a meeting of the Horticultural

yefety, lust week with the president,

E. Delong, In the chair, the offic-
era for last year were elected enbloe.
The bulbs ordered from Holland were
reported to be In New York and are
no doubt on thelr way here,

Mr. and Mrs. Forest Monk, © who
have been residing Jn Kingsville for
several months, have moved to tho
4th concession, where they are dccupy-
ing the Jackson Gascoyne house, late-
ly vigeated by Mr. Gascoyne, wie has
moved with his family to Kingsvilie:

A presentation of a gold wing was
made to James Scott, son of G. C.
Stott, who enlisted in the navy and
left this week to begin his duties, by
the Soldiers’ Welfare Association, at
ian informal gathering in the Masonle
¢lub rooms. Mr. Scott replied t=
complimentary address, bearing evi
dence of the good will of the assucib-
pion” and of appreciation of his mwnnly
dle on

Lily Rebekah Lodge No. 49 ‘made a
shipment of ninety-six boxes of Chrigt-
mus goods to the boys at the front.
Each box cointained one box sardines,
one cun cocoa, one wean condense
milk, “one-half pound loaf sugar, on
package smoking tobacco, one -pack-
age corn flakes, one writing pad, one
package envélopes, ten candles, lend
pencils, handkerchiefs, one pair socks,
one package of gum and cough drops.
"The Victory Loan campaign opened
up with a Tore here Monday morning,
All the whistles and bells in town
were let loose at once, The racket
was somewhatigtartling. People fan-
c¢led there was a very serious fire.
Everybody within a radius of armile
of town [8 tlioroughly aware that a
Victory Bond campaign is on. '; The
people are responding very well for a
start. One canvasser reported $18,000
subseribed the first day. The Pros:
pects are that the bond 4ssué will be
wall subscribed to in this town and in
the township of Gosfield South,

= —r-——

MACKLEM DEPORTE

i ‘BY U. S. AUTHORITIES

Omar ‘L. Macklem, who has been
Tiotized ‘in Detroit for several months
as a colonel ‘in the Canndinn army, |
and who made numerous addresses
before the Detroit, Board of Commerce
concerning his war experiences, was
deported to Canadn by Federal suth-
orities on Thursday. The deportation
followed o short examination before
United” States Commissioner Frick,
who bosed his order on’ the technical
ground that Macklem might become a
public charge.

Macklem has finally admitted that
hé had no right to pose as a colonel
He now confesses he was not entitled
to wear the uniform as a staff officer,
in which ‘he masqueraded in the. old
country, Ottawa, Toronto, Washington’
and Detroit. ‘It was all o mistake, as
he did not hold ‘a eommigsion in any
branch of his mnjesty’s service. :

All: Macklenmt's “bravado has van-
ished. He hans dropped the mask of
mfitary pretensions. His gorgeous
uniformihomaing only as a memory of
days that are gone. “His only rank is
that of a discherged private.

RAN TNE)

{nations without coupons, at any time, on application to the Minister of Fipance.

Ilolders of Dominion

have tho privilege of currendering their bonds in part payment

Ronda of the yarjous
made abroad, Le accepted at

Free {rom taxes—including c=y Iacome tax —Imposed In pursuance of leglalation

All pa
pasmenta Hab
througs the

Inc

Sub y
this providoa paymeats of tin

fmt are to

Mum of 4 Chi

» of partial al

Forms of application may be obtalasd from

The books of the Lon will be kept at the
Application. will be made in due course for the listing of this Issue on t

DEPAETMEST OF F NANCE,
OrTAWs, November

Many a serious flness has Been
avoided. hy the prompt use of Di
Willlams' Pink Pills. * These. pills
actually enrich and purify the blood,
and in this way buildup the system.
tone and strengthen the nerves and
invigorate the viola ergans,

Serious diseases gencrally come
from some simple disorder that has
bean neglected. Therefore any thins
ning of the blood should he looked
upon a8 a warning sign, aad more
serious [llness ‘should be avoided by
the’ use ‘of Dr. Williams’ Pink Pillsy
In the case of yonng girls and women
the blood 18 peculiarly liable to get
out of order—to becomé thin and
watery—and to lead to a general
breakdown In” health, This can be
avojded by the occasional uke of Dr.
Williams' * Pink. Pills, which are sult-
able for the most delicate constitu-
lion. These pills will give: ‘you a
new appetite, improve your digestion,
tone and strengthen weakened nerves,
banish depression and lack of energy,
clear the complexion of pimples and
blotches, cure pain in the back and
general weakness, .causguthe disap-
pearance of headaches, dizziness and
heart fluttering. Give these pills a
falr trial and yon will soon note a
wonderful change In your condition.
Your spirits will brighten good health
ond strepgth will return, and you will
feel ITke a'new person. You can ¢on-
firm these statements by enquiring
among your friends almost anywhere,
as thousands and thousands of hope-
lesa sufferers have been restored to
new health and energy by using Dr.
Willinms® Pink Pills.

Youn cnn get these pills through
any medicine dealer or by, mall at 60:
cents _a box or six baxes Tor $2.50"
from The Dr. Willlams® Medicine-Co.,
‘Brockvillé, Ont. a

 

——r———

< ~
LICENSE FOR COAL DEALERS.

Drastic regulstions In regard to Tnol
are announced in an order-in-council
just passed at Ottawa.

,. All Importers: and dealers in coal
must be licensed, and application must
he made for such liconse before No-
vember 30th.: Heavy penalties are
provided for persons doing business
‘without this permit. In. regard to

: fits, b y ‘get mi
ilo rokers must not ‘get more

An 30 cents a ton for their services,

"| wholesalers ‘not more then” 86. cents

provided that except

men who
IE who sia ]

and retatlers not more than §0. cents.
Regarding hoarding of coal, it in
between = the

ths of April * Septemb .
air A oo an

Ser :
oF am ont

to forieithre, nnd the allotment to capeel

iptions may be paid in full on J

registered bonds of uuthorized denom-

Surrender of Bonds

of Cannda Debenture Stock,

> Debenture Stock, due October

due October det, 1019, and bonds of
for subscriptions to bonds of this

1et. 1010, at Par and Accrued Interest.

the three preceding Dominion of Canada War Loan Issues,
issue, under the following conditions: —

\Var Loan Bonds, dus December 1st, 1025, at 0745 and Accrued Interest.
(The above will be accepted in part payment for bonda of any: of the three maturities of this Tesue)

War La ds. due October 1st, 1931,
ar Loan Bonds, doe Octal is ELS

(These will" Gevnccepted in part payment for bonds of the 1037 maturity

War Loan Bonds, due March

maturities of this feive w
par and seerued Interest,
wy

at 0714 and Accrued Interest.
and Accrued Interest.
ONLY of this Laue.)

, in the event of future {ssuea of lke maturity, or longer, made by the Government, other than issues
of the equivalent of cash for the purpose of

subscription fo such issues.

Issme Price Par

enacted by the Parliament of Canada,

Paymiont to be made us follows:

106%, on December 15t, 1017
1047 on January 2nd, i018
206% on" February’ 1st, 1018

Af

1st, 1018
1st, 1018
1st, 1918

207% on March
20% on April
20% wa May

I half year's interest will be paid on 1st June, 1018.

The Bands Crerelfire give a net Interest yield to the Investor of abouts

5.61%

on the 20 year Bonds,

5.68% on the 10 year Bonds

5.81% on the

be made to n Chartered Baal

arterelly Bank, Any branch in ( da of

lotments the

e balance of subscriptions may le 1c as follows

If paid on Jan 1,

1 paig on February 1st, 1018, at the
1918, ut the rate of 50.72274 per $100,
1018, at the rate.of 30.00050 =r §100.

any branch in Canada of any Chartered Bank, or {rom any Victory Loan Committee, ori member.
Department of Finance, Ottawa. ;

If paid on Murch Ist,
1f paid'on April 1st,

5 year Bonds

the eredlt of the Minister of Finance. Failure to pay any Instalment when due will render previous
Subscriptions accompanied br
any Chartered Bank wil

s anolied toward payment of the amount due on the January instalment. X
r on any instalment duc date thereafter under discount at tho rate of 535% pes annum. Under

a deposit of 109 of the amount subscribed, must! be forwarded
forward subscriptions and issue provisional recelptasty

1018, at the mte of §9.10705 par $100.

mite of 70.40050 per $100,

he Montreal and Toronto Stosk Exchanges.

Subscription Lista will close an or before December 1at, 1915.

12th, 1917.

HERE {IS ONE RECIPE
FOR USING CORNMEAL

~ Cornmeal can bécome popular on
“wheatless days, not alone as johnny-
cnke or’ pancakes, but as fruit bread
or gems. Its wider use will allow
more” wheat to go overseas to. the
warring allies and at the game time
will improve Canadinn health.

Apple corn® bread was judged de-
liclous. by those who tasted it in the
baking. laboratory of the Ohio Experi-
ment Station.
cups of cornmeal, two tablespoonfuls
of sugar, no little salt and a teaspoon-
ful of baking powder, to.which after
mixing 1 2-3 cups of milk was added.
Three tart sliced apples were later
added and the miyture was baked for
30 minutes, Fruit gems, made with
ridsins and currants, seemed even bet-
ter to'some tastes, +

WANTED HIS NAME IN PAPER

A remarkable Iibel suit: wns tried in
London, Ontario, last week, when ex-
Alderman William ‘Wilson sued - the
London Free Press for constantly
lenving his name from the columns of
the paper. He had had a “difference”
with the Free Press while he was in
the council and after that his name did
not appear in the paper but he wi
merely Identified as “the Alderman”,
“another Alderman” or “the snme Al-
derman.” The Jury could not see that
he had any particular chse and aver.
dict was rendered for the. defendant,
and Mr. Wilson had to pay the costs.

WINDSOR.

Pleading guilty to stealing 24 calf
skins, valued at $160, from the Wind.
sor Hide & Wool Co. warehouse, Glen-
garry avenue, Windsor, Emil J. Droull-|
lard and John Hamel, Windsor youths,
were remanded until next Wednesday.
for sentence by Magistrate Leggatt in

*|Windso rpolice court. The skins were

stolen’ early Friday morning. They
were recovered by Detective-Sergeant
W- Read and Patronman Deacon,

ree ee A —

TO OUR SUBSCRIBERS.

Owing to the' fact that the cost of
| white paper has advanced more than
Ane ale uring the past year. The
Echo has to be more careful than o
of 118 wack For this ike

or papers, must adhere stric
to the Paid-In-Advance system, oy
‘subscribers. who wish the paper to
continue on without any break, are
roquosted to renéw promptly. We
aro endeavoring to give ofr readers
week, and we do

value received evel
not wish anyone (o miss sny copies,

hut nq y ;

It was made with three |»

|

jo

The Gum of Gumption
Cleanses" the ‘teeth —sweetens the
mouth —allays thirst and fatigue.

The Forces in Europe are finding it a
great comfort,

-
1]
14
{

It gives them vim .
and staying power.

‘It is refreshing
to workers © 4

everywhere...

Smokers will
find It soothing
and cooling

Penson we ike |:

 
