  
 
  
   
  

   

HURRY! HURRY! HURRY! DON'T DELA

AT THE PRICES--- For another TWO DAYS |
in which you can benefit by this marvellous slaugh-
ter of prices ony Merchandise bought away below

   

  
    
     

THE GIGANTIC STOCK REDUCING SALE has proven a grand succes both
to ourselves and the people and the public in general are convinced beyond a question
of doubt that this is the greatest sale ever held in the Village of Harrow. The store is
crowded daily with eager purchasers who found everything as represented and that we
are giving the greatest values in

Dry Goods, Clothing,

     
   
  

   
 

 

| BUZZ RUSH

For the benefit of our many

  
 
   
  

Overcoats, Furs,

 

Patrons will continue sale

DAYS MORE 2

  

     
   
   

2

 

 

Hats and Caps,
Shoes for Men, Women and Children,

Mackinaw Rubbers,
Crockery BEtc., ever shown in Essex Co.

Carpets,

Furnishings,

   
   
 
  
  
 

Overshoes,
Rugs,

BETT

       

present market prices.

—

 

 

ti

If you have not visited this sale it is not yet too late. Your chance

 

isnow. If you have been here and shared in some of the bargains you
must come again.

There isa world of

good things left at a Big Saving.
ER COME TO-DAY,

 

THE EOHO IS THE OFFICIAL PAPER OF THE TOWNSHIP OF ODLOHESTER SOUTH.

 

Three Brand New
d "RADIANT HOME"

Base Burners

AND

Several Second Hand : Base Burners
of different makes

 

 

aaa AAR AA A
. HARROW.

i ]

Lm mt
W. H. Ferriss {8 on the sick list.
Mrs. Orvile Wright remains about

the same.

Miss Flin Cornwall is spending her
holidays at her home here.

Miss Flossie Long spent the week-
end with friends here.

D. Diggs left last week for the Cen-
tral Experimental Farm, Ottawa.

Miss Lou Arner left on Monday to
attend the Windsor Business College.

Mrs. Wheeler Brush spent Tuesday
and Wednesday with her sister, Mrs.
I. Thrasher,

Misses Dalsy Brookland and Annie
Ruthven have been visiting friends in
River Rouge.

Miss Hazel Cornwal returned Mon-
day to Kingsville, to resume her old
position as assistant postmistress.

Rev. and Mrs. George McGregor, of
Woodstock, are visiting Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Clark and other friends here.

Sunday morning next the Rev. J.
W. Graham, D.D,, L.L.D., of Toronto,
will conduct the service in the Meth.
odist church and will present the
claims of the Educational Soclety of
tiie Methadist church, of which he {is
General Secretary of Education. Don't
miss hearing Dr. Graham, as he ‘is
one of the leading Bpeakers in Meth.
odism.

Speaking on behalf of the Baptist
church, the pastor desires to express
an appreciation of the excellent ser-
vices rendered to the Union evangel-
istic campaign by the Rev: A. W.

It {8 to be hoped that the good
not be allowed to stop but be carried
to a still more successful finish.

When ft = comés to ‘putting cne
across you have to hand it to Harrow
évery time The latest sample of
smooth deals was pulled off hers dur-
ing the past week and some one hun-
dred anc seventy-five persons who
partic.pated in tne distribution of * a

and Sheets.

ALENITINES

Lace,Mochanioal, Etc.,
in Artistio Designs

1ce,f+ 2¢y - 4c, + Bec, - Tc

 

THE SENTINEL STORE

SELL BLOCK HARROW

 

Misses May Tofflemire and Nellle
Cotner, of Detroit, were Sunday guests
at George Tofflemire’s.

Thomas Herniman, Oak Ridge, is
laid up with an attack of lumbago,
and 18 under the doctor's care.

Mr. and Mrs. George McCormick,
who have been {ll for some time, are
better, but not able to leave the house
yet.

Mrs. Willlam Huffman entertained

newgomes

a number of ladies to a 10-cent tea

  
   
  
      

A Great Saving

If everybody could just realize how n uch they would save and the
benefit thoy would receive by feeding INTERNATIONAL STOCK TONIC

to thelr horses, cattle and hogs they would each get a pall to-morrow and
commence feeding ft.

It does scve you grain and feed and brings your animals alons in a
thoroughly healthy condition.

You don't realize what you are missing by not teeding your chickens
INTERNATIONAL POULTRY TONIC. It will make your chickens pro-
duce many more oggs. Try it.

There: never was a time when you could save more than right now
by feeding Internatioral Stock Tonic and International Poultry Tonle.

E. F, DARBY, HARROW.
DRUGGIST OPTICIAN STATIONER
- NOTARY PUBLIC

 

 

 

ALSO, ONE C. O. C. F. basket party. Stone's forty-two ton car of hard coal are| C. O. C. F. basket party. Stone's
} y ye Walter Mahon Joie and pain an extra bisssing fos the po-| music, and Walter Mahon in songs and A Few Seggestions
v o . Hadl all, Amherst-|lice trustees in their ‘nightly preyers. | monologue. Hadley Hall, Amherst-
Second-hand Coal and Wood Cook Stove |momwiosue Hadley H RT EI }
Austin Wright, who suffered serious |fered a little inore than the rest by | Mrs. Lewis Ford was hostess at a for the Daily Menu
AND injuries at Delray two weeks ago, is |Fedson of the coal famine and many | patriotic tes, Monday evening. Mrs.

Second-hand “Happy-Thought” Range.

All the above at prices that will

making a very rapid recovery at his
home in Walkerville.

R. I. Ferriss expects another car of
coal in this week, and this ought to
provide sufficient to run everybody
through the backbone of the winter.

Members of Harrow Lodge, No. 309,
LO.O.F., reminded of several

lwomes went cold more than one night
because no rellef was in sight. Sat-
urday Inst, F. H. Ferriss, W. H. Fer-
riss and A. E. Vickers, the village
board of trustees, acting in conjunc-
tion with I. I. Ferriss, coal dealer,
made up their minds that extremc
measures would have to be taken for

Roffe, of Toronto, during the past
week.
work which has been commenced may

Birch entertained Wednesday evening
for the same purpose.

Owing to sickness and other causes,
the Busy Bees' concert has been post-
poned until the 6th of . April. The
little girls will endeavor to make up
for the "delay with some extras on
their program.

EF That are Most Heartily Recommended’ by Many Delighted Users “a

OLIVES, PICKLES, PIMENTO RELISH, CLARK'S PORK AND BEANS,
CLARK'S SOUPS, CLARK'S CATSUP AND SPAGHETTI, HEINZ CREAM
OF TOMATO SOUP IN TWO SIZES, :

The above Mentioned Soups are pronouncad Excellent by those who
have tried them and are not expensive as you perhaps imagine.

y are w - . . =.
initiations next Monday.night, follow- [the People. For two weeks or over| Ivan Thompson returned on Wed- Our=Canned Pine Apple is Delicious.
astonish You. ed by hot lunch. DAdaYen ae, N.G. | fifteen cars of hard coal along with |nesday to Toronto to resume his sittin TEL 5

We need the space and the money.
A call will convince,

§ C. RICHARDSON & SON

Furnitureof High-Class

HARROW.

 

 

Harrow Furniture
Store: for every

Furnishing 1 re-
quire this - year,

  

The young people of the village are
giving a dance and basket party in
the Ferriss Hall next Tuesday night.
Admittance 50 cents each’ Ladies
| bring baskets.

|many cars of merchandise, had been
| standing con the Pere Marquette siding
| here, consigned to-Detroi’. from Buf-
falo. Mr. Ferriss concelved the idea
that it might just be for his friend,

 

work as second year student at the
Medical College. He was called home
owing to the illness and deati: of his
lather, Lennox 1%:ompson,

P. Hallo & Son are conducting a

“Home of Good Eats.” W.S.T.B.
Harrow Phone 5

F. H. FERRI

 

 

 

 

Wall. _Paper.—New textiles, oat- | George W. Sweeney, coal” dealer, Ma- [monster 30 days’ sale of everything in
meals, and a Jot of nice bedroom [Jestic building, Detroit. Mr. Sweeney [their general store. Their adyertise- ou B
has his summer home at Oxley, and [ment on page 11 gives a list of many

papers, all with eut out borders. Stock
kept on hand. Papering on short not-
ice. G. F. Morin.

Mr. and Mrs. Joe Hallo quietly cele
brated thefr twelfth
versary on-Sunday. Among the guests
to dinner werd Rev. Fr. Donnelly, off
Amherstburg, and Mr. and Mrs. Tony
Charlie and family.

P. Hallo & Son are conduéting a |

monster 30 days’ sale of everything in
thelr general store.. Their advertise.

ment on page. 11 gives a list of many |

Halpenny, of Toronto, is the chief
speaker,

The usual service will be held” in
the Baptist church next Sunday at: 11

to be a Christian.” Sunday. school
and Adult Bible Clags at 10 a.m.

John Readman’s flock of White
Wyandottes are forehanded, one old
hen having brought out®* a flock of
chickens on February 1st. The ground |

That would be a splendid resolution to stick to. hog came out February 2nd and seeing

It would give you all home inspection before buy-

his shadow went back in again, but
these chickens are made of sterner
stuff, and will remain out so as _to be

wedding anni- ||

 

naturally has a warm spot in lis
heart for Harrow, and {f the coal were
his, no doubt one car at least could
be bought, However, wien called by
phone, Mr. Swéeney reluctantly ad-
mitted he was only in the soft coal
| business, but .ke a prince, offered
to help turn the trick it some of lis
friends owned the coal. Mr. Xoiriss
| practically leased the wire for an
|hour or two. while Mr. Sweeny comb-
ed the city to discover ‘wiuse coal it
| was und ran it down to the Diamond

It leing sold at $12 per ton. The next
thing was
Diecessary to release at Harrow a
{car billed from New York to ‘Michi

Co-operating loyally with tho trustees
who fenred that a specizl would bé
sent for the ears, he wen: to much
trouble to get an order from the Pere
Marquette, Detroit, to cut the car In
transit off at Harrow, and the order
was) scarcely written when a double-
header specinl-éame round. the curve
for the whole train. The, next step
was to release the car from customs,
and: have It rebilled from Detroit to

to unwind the red tape |.ng at § o'clock in the afternoon.

bargains which are money savers for
every houscligld. Read, refla:t, buv.

The Women's Institute will meet
at the home of Mrs. Henry Herdman,
Harrow, mext Wednesday. Talk on
nursing will be given by-Mrs. Francis
McLean, and Mrs. John Readman. will
dedl"with the subject “Allowances for
children."

James McGill has been spending this

on Friday afternoon. Proceeds in ald
of Red Cross fund.

piles and ties for the Steel Trust, to
be used in building their wharfs and

on the church. Preaching three times

Money banks are to be brought in by
the members and friends that day.

Thomas D," Clark, ‘a resident of the
Oxley district, is in a critical ¢ondi-
tion, and the end cannot be far away.
oir. Clark, whois in his 86th year,

suffered a stroke Wednesday-of last |,

week, and another on Saturday. These
affected the lower half of his body,
and he has been able to take no
nourishment since. f

Harold Dwane Quick, whose {llness

BIG SALE

IS NOW ON

winter getting out a quantity of oak
bargains which are money savers for oe 3 M ——— az AO El a — iti we m——
every household. Read, reflect, buy. | Coal & Coke Co,, who had heen mov: [railway lines at Ojibway. - Shipments -
Resolved that I The Baptist Sunday school is arrang. || ing + heaven ‘and earth to locate |from here are very irregulariowing to 5 J
oT ing to send a large delegation to the the a The upshot of it was [the trouble of securing flat cars.
r : Essex County Sunday School Conven-| that ‘they agreed at least: tol A grand rally ;will“be held in the : .
will patronize the tion, which is to be Held in Kingsville Ron Mr. “Sweeney “one car fob. ls “mB zion’church on Sunday, Feb | ————— Emeril 0 il
next week, at which the Rey: E. W.|Hiirrow, at a rate that permitted | ryary 25th, to raise funds for the debt 4 ,

No Shoddy Goods. No Big Boasts.
Every bit of our Stock to be sold at Reduced Rates. *

 

; a.m. The pastor will preach, - The (gan. By this time it was Sunday |Gome and help us make a speecial Y =a ;
piece of House service. will be given over to the oft (morning and Carl Mitchell, P. M.|ayort to pay off the debt, Rev. Fryer; S/ ECIAL OF J ER
*| discussed question’ of “What it means || agent, took a hand" in ‘the game:|,.qior h

$1.00 in goods free on every $10.00 purchase.
That's a special 10 per cent. reduction.

Read our Big Bills and Big Ad. in The Echo,

P. HALLO & SON

i : i jon | ready for thé Baster table. a” : N
ng. It would give you pocket book Fate The Rev. A. W. Roffe returned to 17 Po = » x hve shippers 2 clear ( WIth Riwririn Ao Sa pn HA R R (1 Ww.
Ton ; ' 1 1 = | Toronto Monday last after having as. | 8heet. - J. Bell, of Walkerville, at-| =*" # ; d ‘
.and it would be doing the square thing wit your lated Nice in union evangelistic ser. |tended to this Monday, and Tuesday week, pigsed away at the home of hi8 | m——— EE a .

self and ‘us, © n

If we haven't the particular piece you require
look over the catalogues in our store and it will be

vices for eight days. Mr. Roffe's ad-
dresses were clear, practical and fy)
of inspiration and power of tho Holy
Spirit, and will not soon be forgotten
by tha many who 1isiened 10 him
| from-day to day.

morning under the supervision of Mr, |
Ferriss, coal dealer, the car ‘was
emptiel of its load, cach and evry one
recelving a quarter of a ton. It took
72 hours to carry a project through,
which had probably not been attempted

cousin} Mrs. Charles Little, Sunday.
He was fifteen years old last July.
The funeral took place Tuesday after-
noon to the Methodist church, Oxley,
where services were conducted by the
Rev. Dr. Husser, and burial was in

 

J Erle cemetery, the pallbearers being
|" The Rev. Dr. Husser vonducted an. |00 3ny line in Canada before. Noth-
4 3 A ith ing succeeds Ike , all | Orley and Harold Snider, Ray Forriss,
got promptly. niversary services. Sunday afternoon | DE eds Mke success, and all |r > 0 tbo one SEL

\

J.HMADILL & CO.

Furniture Dealers ~~ Harrow, Ont.

 

 

 

 

Takeadvantage of leather.that was bought at the right price
and buy your team harness now. We have harness made of leather

| that cost 50c a Ib. but we have bought leather this: week for future
shipment that we -had ‘to pay 70c. for, so you can understand that

+ mow is the best time to buy. :
- We have 8-dozenicollars bought ten months ago and the price

will never be as low again. We are always very busy in the spring
. and.I think it will pay you to buy early. :
PRATT'S AND ROYAL PURPLE ALWAYS.

CHAS. WEBSTER. - SE

ONTARIO
THE HARNESS MAN.

 

Take Good Care of Your Eyes
and They will last you through Li fe.

 

 

   
    
 
   
   

 

Boorse

| Come in ou

those glasses. 3

 

   
    
     
   
    
  
   
  
    
  

Ged . |Gertrude Flood 6; Evan Herdma
and consult him about 3 rn.

and evening last at Trinity church,

to London with John Wesley.”
day morn'ng Dr. Husser conducted
quarterly sacramental service in
Wheatley, for Rev. E. A. Fear, who
has been fll. ;
The brethren of Harrow Lodge, No.
309, LO.O.F,, have been’ compelled to
postpone indefinitely the dedication of
their new temple here’ and also the
Lodge of Instruction, which wag to
have been conducted on the same day
as the dedication, February 12th. The
removal of the P.'M. train carrying
passengers from Harrow in the morn-
ing and evening, caused the lodges of
the District to request that the dedica-
tion be postponed, 1:5 there was no
other way to get to or from Harrow
oxcept. with great inconvenience, Due
notice wil be given of the date chosen
Inter on.
The following fs the report of the
Harrow Continuation School for the
month of January: Form I, subjects—
Commercial Geography, Canadian His-
tory, Latin, Arithmetic, Names are
in order of standing. Those marked
with an asterisk were absent from
the examinations—Byron Eede 72 per
cent, Edwin Drummond 67, Flossie
Higgins 66, Lutrelle Bondy 63, Maude
Leroy 68, Jumes Martin 57, H
Ferriss .61, Linnie Wright 60, Cecil

Sun:

 

Mina Staddon “fA, Isabel Edington 74,

68,
50. Form III, .

‘Russell Wi subjects,
tory, Literature, Physical
chardson

(Canadian
Science,

 
  

"116 por cont., Boryl

 
 
   
  
   
   
   
    
  
    
   
    
    
  

 
  
  
    
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 

    
 

ArTY | who are presenting themselves for

those whose good offices ‘were used in

on the Goldsmith ¢lrdu:t, of whichithe | thus relleving a tense situation de-
Rev. Forbes J, RutherZurd, B.A., BD, serve the hearty and unstinted thanks
is pastor. On Monday night he gave of thie people.

n stereoptican lecture entertainment | dele deooeodod dob oboe dopddodd ob
in the samo church on “From Epworth +

——— -

} COLCHESTER SOUTH }

J Ne ray
Miss M. Langlois, of Detrol%, 18 visit-

ing relatives here.

Mrs. John Butler and oabe are visit-
ing in_Walkerville,

Jason Snider, who has been very lll,
is somewhat improved. -

Mrs. Thomas Craig Is suffering from
an attack of pneumonia.

Miss Anna Craig I8 on a month's
visit in Detroit and Toledo.

Miss Ena Balley Is spending the
week with relatives at Gesto.

Miss Lizzle O'Keefe, of Detroit, Is
the guest of Mra. Raymond Marontate

Miss Phyllis Huffman, of Windsor,
is. spending a few days at her home
here.

Measure up your fence and mail in
your order at once while the price of
10-bar fence {8 63c per.rod. Only a
limited amount at this price. OQ. M.
Pastorius, 156 Gladstone avenue,
Windsor, .. ¥

His Lordship Bishop Willlams will
be in the parish of Colchester in a
couple of weeks. Rev. J. W. Connor,
rector, is holding - special classes in
each church every Sunday, a half hour
before the time of service for those

 

     

   
   
   
   
 
 
   
    
 

  

      

   
  
    
 

confirmation.

 

A sure remedy for Bronchitis and

    

 
  
   

   
    
  
    
    
   
    
     
 
    
   

  
   
  
 

 
  
   
  

Butler.

The remains of Mrs. Elizabeth Sin-
asac, who dled In Leamington Bhurs-
dny of last week, were brought here
Saturday noon on the Pere Marquette
train, and takenito Erie cemetery for
interment. A large number of réla-
tives and friends attended. the obse-
quies. Besides the relatives men-
tioned in last week's Echo, Walter
Boyle, of Gesto, {8 a brother of de-
censed, and Mrs. J. W. Smith, of
Orion, Mich.,, and Mrs, Lanning, of
Pasadena, Cal, are sisters.

One never knows how many old peo
ple are in the township until their
deaths occur from time to time. On
Monday there died at the home of
her daughter, Mra. Wilson Hutchins,
Mrs. Mary Jane Caldwell, aged 96
years 10 months and 28 days. She was
the widow of the late ‘Thomas Cald-
well, and her life for the past 66
years had been practically all spent
in South Essex. Her maiden name
was Mary Jane Birnie, and she was
born in the county of Fermanagh, Ire-
Iand, in 1820, coming to this country
in/]850 with hor first husband, the late
Geoyge Graham. To. them were born
three daughters, all of whom are lv-
ing, Margaret (Mrs. Kremer), of De-
troit; Mina (Mrs, Hutchins), Colches-
ter South, and Miss Annie Graham,
who lives with her sister at the lake
front. Mr. Graham dled a good
many years ago, and she was aftar-
wards married to Thomas Caldwell,

   
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
 
 
  
  

  
  
       
   

AE Fra a 2 ict ifl be at the store |Snyder 40,” Estello Grayer, Sadie Shei living on the White farm in Andcrdon |i figures... No use of search- can buy if at a more attract-
SE a Our Optician will be 4 ; Jones.  Sulects, Commercial Geo-| Gare your cold with for & number of years. They had nol ing for good shirts when you ive price than if you wait.
i STUphY. Samir Hino: Aimetie | go ay Mir, Caldwell isd. Smog cight |} can be assured of the best Two piece styles and union,
1m T ): Knapp 51, Gargina Hilton 47, Mildred Robert's remor in Detroit. Mrs. Caldwell was |[f Fight here. : suits in every size. ~~
A McLean 45, My Sinasac 44. Form ga fr a woman of very remarkablo vitality -
- : II, subjects, Commercial Geography, Syrup of as is evidenced by aer extreme old
EN CT History, Latin Algebra—Gladys Bail- - «3° |age. The funeral took place Wednes-
a BD oy 86 por cat. Mildred Ferriss 17,] COA Li ver Oil |asy atternoon to Christ church, Col-

chester, where services wera conduct.
od by the Rev. Mr. Connor, rector, and
burial was in Erie cemotery, the pall:
bearers being Robert Goodchill, Jas.

   
      
   
  
 
   
    
   
    

   
  
  
    
    
  
   
     
  
  
    
  

  
  
  
   

     
 
 

 

Good-Suits and Good Overcoat

at Good Prices Because
: They're Low

 

 

  

5

 

 

‘Suits and Overcoats

Garments that are made right and made of the right kind
of materials, right colors and patterns. Go where you will
and the fact will still remain that for dollar to dollar value—
WE FEATURE the best. Styles for every man, no matter
what his idea of style may be—patterns to please every taste,
no matter what the taste may be, and they're offered at prices
" that certainly save you money. 3

10030

SH IRTS Underwear
$1.00 to $2.50

All Low in Price
New 1917 shirts that are

at Spring weather is a long
made of extra fine shirtings ways off. Now is the time
in the newest colors, and

v to buy heavy weight all wool
‘they're priced at thie 1916 underclothiag, because you

    
    
    

b

"

 

 
   

Cr
Es

TS
eS

     
  
    
   
   
 
 
 
  
 

  
  
 
 
 

 
    
 
  
  
 

   
  
   
      
 
   
    
      
    
        
         
   
  
     

 
