—George Robldoux and family spent |

Sunday and Monday with relatives in

  

By “Fruit-a-tives”

882 Sr. VALIER St., MONTREAL.
“In 1912, I was taken suddenly inl
with Acute Stomach Trouble and
dropped in the street. 1 was treated
by several physieians for nearly two
years, and my weight dropped from 225
pounds to 160 pounds. Then several
of my friends advised me to try “Fruit- -|
a-tives”. [I began lo improve almost
with the first dos?, dnd by using them,
1 recovered from the distressing
Stomach Trouble —and all pain and
Constipation were cured. Now I weigh
208 pounds. I cannot praise “Fruit-
. a-tives” enough”. H. WHITMAN.
50¢. a box, 6 for $2.50, trial size, 250.
Atall dealers or sent postpaid by Fruit-
4 3 a-tives Limited. Ottawa.

TOWN AND COUNTY.

the price of
The Detroit

 

 

—The upward trend in

newspapers continues.
Sunday Free Press is now seven cents

3 a copy.
—“There have been more silos

| SE. * erected in Essex county. this year than
2 in any ong year In the county's his-
tory. One agent has sold no less
than thirty-five.” —Kingsville Repart-
er,

—Renfrew's barless hotel, which hag
paid from its Inc eption, is not being
considerably enlarged. And hotels
of the Renfrew stamp are fairly cer-
tain to pay always. The public will
cheerfully pay rates that spell pro.
fits if the service is of the sort such
rates call for.

— Windsor will permit the Bell
Telephone Company to make a test
case of its supposed rights under the
Dominfon franchise to operate in
Windsor and other cities without an
agreement. Up to last April the com-
pany had a franchise from the city of
Windsor, paying $1500 a year, and
giving certain free telephones, The
company allowed this franchise to
expire and did pot deek a renewal
The city now refuses to give  permis-
slon to make conduit connections, and
the company claims it can go before
the Dominiom Railway Board and com-
pel Windsor to grant the permission.

— With further reference to the
funeral of the late Loftus Cuddy. men-
tion of which was made in last Issue
of The Echo, services were conducted
by Bishop Dumoulin, of Toledo, and
if Dean H. P. Almon Abbott, of Trinity
3 Cathedral, Cleveland. Honorary pall-
bearers were F. C. Cuddy, brother,
Winnipeg; C. A. Cuddy, nephew, Am-
herstburg, Arthur E.' Johnston, cou-

 

  

ANTE

 

  
 

    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 

town.
—Capt. Harry Cook, of Toronto,

spent Labor Day with his family In

town.
—James Maloney, of Detroit, spent

Labor Day with his brother Fred.,
Park street.

—Capt. GUbert Charette and family,
of Detroit, spent the week-end with
relatives in this vicinity.

— Ernest Pettyplece, wife and chil
dren, of Detroit, spent from Friday to
Monday at theira homes in town.

— Clifford Primenu and family have
moved from Detroit, Mr. Primeau hav-
fng taken an position with the Brun-

  

ner, Mond.
—TI. Quinn, of the Imperial Bank,
Niagara-on-the-Lake, called on his

numerous friends in town Sunday and
Monday at their homes in town.

—Mr. Edge, Dominion immigration
officer, made an inspection of the
work at this port Friday, and found
everything in apple pie order, under
Local Inspector Taylor,

— pr. T. J. Langlois has been under
the weather during the past week. His
son, Dr. N. T. Langlois, has been con-
ducting the draft examinations at the
city hall during his {llness."—Wyan-
dotte Herald.

—Herbert Coyle is having his resi
dence, Sandwich street, raised, a
stone foundation put under it, a coat
of paint put on, silex warks bullt from
street to house, and all modern con-

veniences Installed, with electric
lights.

—Good news from OttawaThe men
who went" with the first contingent

are to be gran‘ed from one month to
six weeks’ furlough at the end of the
year. Let us hope that they will get
it in time for Christmes and that they
will be allowed to come from France
to Canada

—Messrs. Weir & Weir, of, St.
Marys, sold and sent on Thursday one
carlond of cattle that’ realized the
average price of $172 each. They are
for the American market. The profit
to the Ontario producer by the re-
moval of the duty on this one carload
alone amounts. to $800, which was
paid by the American government.

—Friends of Walter Piggott, Wind-
sor. who. was recently injured in a
{ motor can ac cident, will be-glad to
| hear that he is able to be around
again Blood-pofsgning developed
from a scratch in thé wrist and for a
| time it was feared that it might be
| necessary to amputate the hand. This
danger is now past, however,
| —In a 200-horse pawer Curtis tri-
plane, R. W. Judson, one of the vice
presidents of Continental Motor
Company of Detroit, flew in three
hours and ten minutes Saturday from
! Buffalo to Grosse Pointe, Mich, a
suburb on Lake St. Clair, where his
! home and private aero experimental
| station are located.

—A newspaper could ‘go seven days
| in ® week, seven times" *a day,” and
| ask different persons for the news
and each time to be told there'js ab-
solufely nothing going on In ‘his lo-
cality When these people get the
| paper they sometimes say:—“Well,
| there's not much news this week.”

 

the

  
  

People with thin blood are much
more subject to headaches than full-
blooded - persous, and the form of
anaemia that afflicts growing girls is
almost always accompanied by head-
aches, together with disturbances of
the digestive organs.

Whenever you have constant or re-
curring headaches and pallor of the
fuce, they show that the blood is thin
and your efforts should be directed to-
ward building up your blood. A fair
treatment with Dr. Williams’ Pink
Pills will do this effectively, and the
rich, red blood made by these pills
will remove the headache.

More disturbances to the health are
caused by their blood than most peo-
ple have any idea of. When your blood
is impoverished, the nerves suffer
trom lack of nourishment and you may
be troubled with insomnia, neuritis,
neuralgin and sciatica. Musdles sub-
ject to strain and under-nourished and
you may have muscular rheumatism
or lumbago. If your blood is thin and
you begin to show symptoms of any
of these disorders, try building up (Ae
blood with Dr. Williams' Pink Pills,
and as the blood Is restored to ita nor
mal condition every symptom of the
trouble -will disappear. There are
more people who owe their present
state of good health to Dr. Willlams®
Pink Pills than to any other medicine,
and most of them do not hesitate to
say 80.

You can get Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills
through any dealer in medicine or by
mail at 50 cents a box or six boxes
for $2.60 from THe Dr, Willlams® Medi:
cine Co., Brockville, Qnt.

Gosfield South Council.

 

 

Saturday, August 23th,

Council met in regular session with
all members present.

Minutes of court of revision on By-
law No. 99 were read and, on motion
of J. Scratch and B. Wigle, were
adopted as read.

Communication from W. A. Smith,
solicitor for Fotheringham. regarding
damages for mon-repair’ of the Orton
drain, was read, requesting a.settle-
ment. - Ordered filed.

Mr. Howkins, owner of north half
lots 1 and 2, 5th concession, and Mr,
Murphy. agent Strauss Co./addressed
the council in regard to ‘the drain on
west- townline, request by them,

As the rgport of thgffengineer had
not been filed yet. it was moved by
J. Scratch, seconded by C. Dalton,

Carried.
Mr. Lyons, ownér part lot K, 2nd

Dalton, that the
fon Road.—Carried,

WwW. M
regard to, the Soldiers’
sogiation of Kingsville
South Which had been formed

 

    
   
  
   
    
   
   
   
   
  
 
   
   
  
   
   
   
   
       
         
       
     
    
    

that the clerk notify engineer to at-
tend to same as soon As possible. —

con., addressed the council in regard
to bridge, 2nd con.—No action taken.

Moved by B. Wigle, seconded by C.
réeve attend to re-
quest of T. Knight re drain on Divis-

Webb addressed council in
Welfare As-
and Gosfleld
Sald
he had been appointed to interview
this council in regard to a grant for

council for the appoint:

meeting of
r, Troasurer and

ment of the
Asaaigor for 1918.
Re leau gives notice that he
will, at th pext Li of this coun-
cll, |ptfoduce a bylaw to levy the
dfferent rates for the year.
On motion, council adjourned till
September 16th at 2 pm.

Colchester South Council.

Saturday, September 1st.

Council met in regular session with
all present.

The minutes of the last regular and |
special meetings were read and, on
motion, adopted as read.

Moved by Messrs. McLean and Bar
nett, that Councillor Deslippe be com-
missioner on. the Charles A. Shepley
drain, —Carried.

Moved by Messrs. Bondy and Bar-
nett, the first reading of the Graham
drain by-law.—Carried, and by-law
given first reading.

Moved by Messra Deslippe and Bon: |
dy, that the 12th rule be ‘suspended ,
for the despatch of business.—Carried.

The council then went into a com-
mittee of the whole for the 2nd read.
jng of the by-law, the reeve in the
chair.

Moved by Messrs. McLean and
Deslippe, that the by-law be given the
2nd reading and provisionally adopted
and published for four consecutive
weeks in The Amherstburg Echo, the
first publication to be Friday, the Tth
day of September, and that a court of
revision be held thereon on Monday,
the 1st day of October, 1917, at 1 p.
m.—Carried.

The clerk read a communication
from the Department of Highways.—
Communication filed.

The “elerk read a communication
from Clem Foreman and Thomas Lit-
tle, to clean out the Little drain.

Moved by Massrs. Bondy and Des-
lippe, that Engineer Newman be auth-
orized to go over this drain and make
out a report thereon and an assess.
ment on the lands liable therefore.—
—Carried.

The clerk presented a petition from
Forest Wright and others, asking for a
ditch down the east side of the Wil-
cox sideroad.

Moved by Messrs. Deslippe and Mec-
dy, that the prayer of the petitioners
be granted and that J. J. Newman be
authorized to go over the said area
and make out a report and an assess.
ment on th elands liable therefore.—
Carried.

Council adjourned until 1,30 p.m.

Council resumed as per. adjourn-
ment.

The clerk read the engineers’
port on the Croshy drain.

Moved by Messrs. Barnett and
Bondy?-that the engineer's report ‘be
laid over for farther conslderation.—
Curried.

The clerk read Engineer Newman's
report on the Alkman drain.

Moved by Messrs, Deslipp eand Mec-
Lean, ‘that the engineer's report -be
adopted and the clerk be fnstructed
to prepare the necessary by-law.—
Carried ‘

Moved by Messrs. Barnett and Bon-
dy, that the following accounts be
paid: —$12 to J. H. Madill, 10 pay fence

 
 

|

   
    
  
  
   
   
   
   

 

re-

   

Cuts Down Fuel Bills :
The “Pandora” requires less fuel than a
other ranges because the McClary
Flue System directs the heat Twice
Around the oven and stops the usual

wastage. Send for illustrated des-
criptive booklet. We mail it free.

M<Clarys
PANDORA RANGE

LONDON TORONTO _ MONTREAL
N.B__ HAMILTON CALGARY

ST. JOHN RATOON EDMONTON
For SALE BY W. H.

 
 

1n

JONES

 

11c Worth of
POTATOES

Eleven cents will buy a little mo re than a pound of potatoes. Three-

1c Worth of
BREAD

Thelr food value is low.

Eleven cents will buy a generaus loaf of Curtis’ bread. Bread Is three
times as nourishing at potatoes. In fact it supplies more nourishment
for the money than any other food. » Yo

Curtis’ Bread

J i
0 Aownonpotitoes and eat an

Tastes even better than it looks. Cut
extra slice or two of bread at every meal

fourths of the potato is water.

 

We keep Silverwood’s celebrated smooth-as-velvet Ice Cream Bricks;
three flavors. Order one for your Sunday dessert.

W. F. CURTIS

The Model Bakery PHONE 76 Amherstburg, Ont

 

 

  
 
  
    
 
 
  
 
    
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
 
  

  

  
 

p18; 1:30 10 5.30 p.m;

bours:—9 a.m.
mes corner of Richmond ant

f) irhmond and
Btreots. next Oddfellows’ Hal 4 y
esatof fou Sal alone lb

DE. 0. TEETER, M.B,

Pi CIAN AND SURG!

BEAN University, rar Cm

a ang nd Vo ns, Ontario. 0 or
Ap! oy sireols, opposite’ Town

  
   
   

   
 
 

 

R. H. ABBOTT, ILD.

HYBICIAN EON
Pioasisbinitorsl Mga ! Lie. Cotloge
icisus and Surgeons, “Onian a Ofmoed
at residence, Corner Rankin 4vonig Land
ke)

Dalhousie
ay Toot (opposite Wate

DR. T. JAMES PARK,
HYSICIAN AN JON.
P burg, ANAND any, Amhorst

DR. A. E. STEWART,

HYSICIAN AND SURGEON, G
Toronto University. J oad
Unt. Boll Telophono LIB 110; Gooner

North } t
eh hfe We Hy Sandwich Sout

 

is

~ DR. W. C. DOYLE, M.D,

R, W. 0. DOYLE, M. I,, C, M.
D Honor gradunte of Western. TAL
indon ; Mewmberof tho College of Phyaloining
and Surgeons of Ontirio. Office in basement
of Sainte on Jalbot Street, next Ww the
nitin un, Easox. X:my
Sonndation, Spocinl Nitention en 5
eases of women and Surgery. :

"FRANKLIN A. HOUGH, B.A,

ARRISTER Solicitor, N: :
B yancur, ac. Ooo: Publlc:Son

aeltisy lvstrest, Amherstburg. Sa-Money ww

FRED. H. A. DAVIS,

BARRISTER, Solicitor, Notary Publie, Con.

veyancer. &e. Office, Ram treo!
Amherstburg. Money 0 loan, say's 8

BARTLET & BARTLET,

ARRISTERS, Solicitors, &o. Offices
B Davis Block, Windsor. Money ne
ALEX. R. BARTLET, B.A,
WALTER G, BARTLET, B.A., LILB,
Geo. A. UNQUMAKT, b.AS, LL.B,

RODD, WIGLE & McHUGH,

ARRLSTERS, BOLIOITORS, ETO,
B Rodd, B. A.,"L. L. B., County Crown: Ag:
torney and Clerk of the Pesee for the Count;
of Essex KE. 8. Wigle, H.A., K.C.; T.
McHugh, OmMoes Victoria Block, Windsor,

DAVIS & HEALY. -

ARRISTERS, SOLISTERS, NOTARI :
Ete. Money to Loun. Medley Free

Windsor,
F. D. Davis. B, A, A.F. Healy.

JAMES B. McLEOD.

ARRISTER, SOLICITOR, Eto.,202 Davis
Building, Windsor, Ont. o-Money to
loan on farm property at lowest current rates

~ FRANK W. WILSON.

ARRI SOLICITOR, Notury Publie
veyaucor, (of th 1

British Columbia Harn.) Mo) a Sabin]

Farm Property at lowost tes of intorest.

OMico LaBelle Bullding, Corner tuellotte

and London v Phone Z55),

W. A. SMITH, LL. B.

ARRISTER, SOLICITOR, Ni

Kingaville, Sir R, NOTARY, ETC.
-JAMES S. LAIRD,
ROVINCIAL Land Surveyor and County

Engineer. Office
stairs) Town of Esse. rn Blosk, (up

J. J. NEWMAN,

 

 

 

 

 

  

 

    

   
        

 

  
 
  
  
  
  
  

    

sin, Philadelphia; J. A. McKellar, To- | and then recall an item or two and i ’ . 8D ~

ronto; C. B. Dallan; Baltimore; Carl | wonder why they were omitted. When same and asked for $200. nome joes; 320 to Mrs. Georze C IVIL ENGINEER AND ONTARIO LAND:
Hamilton, New York, and Harvey | you know of anything of importance Moved by B. Wigle, seconded by B. pre gan. for graxe] furnished the town- | + ry RE Dminago work a specialty
Goulder. Homer Johnston, L, A. Mur-| that has’ ‘transphed, tell, us every Wigle, that this council grant $200 for sun 2 To Nevintn, Jos Inthe i Can We Not Tem t You To teas

fey, A. C. Horde, J. A. Stubber and | time. That's what we dre in the | said purpose.—Carried. Graiam drgin] Iw to, bd nn * CLARK & ATKIN,

Dr. A. Wood, of Cleveland. ‘Interment | business for. To publish the.mews. On, motion; G. Wigle was appointed | po Spin vino" co) tile drain open ICENRER ATicliohedts for Essex County

to attend to repairs of the south part
of Queen street as requested by Mr.
Fasqueller owner of 8 w pt lot 2, 1st
con, W. D.

OHARLES CLARK,

Grou ATRIN.

8. RENAUD,
UGTIONEER. Arrangomonts for sale

mado at any time. For term v
to him or address Amberstburg Boe apply

—On Saturdays afternoon, ~ August
19th, at 2 o'cladk’ in the presence of
quite a large number of speclators,
Robert ‘Morrill successfully launched

aures; $28 to Echo Printing Co. pub-
lishing Hughson drain by-law and ad-
vertising for tenders; * $4.85 to Echo
Printing Co.. general account; $5.40

was made In the family lot in Lake-
view cemetery.

—Acting on Instructions from Geo.
Butler, of the Windsor Hydro Electric

     
     
      
     
    
     
   
  

Taste the Goodness of Our:

IGNEY BACK

BREAD

The superior quality of which you will readily re-
cognize after the first bite.,

 

System, Barrister F. W. Wilson, abfiafothér wooden steamer at Colling- Moved by Mri Dalton and, B. Wigle, ne ,
Windsor, hos entered action in the | wood. The hull of the new boat is that the reeve and G. Wigle and J. hg ev. iogn drm $40
Supreme Court of Ontario against the constructed wholly of white onk! It Scratch attend to-repairs needed at to J. J. Newman, for plans, report, JOHN BEADMAN,

HSRUER of Marriage Licenses for the County

the outlet of Cedar Creek as complain-
. of Essex Harrow Ont.

od of by Elihu Serateh.

Moved by J: Scratch and G: Wigle,
that B, Wigle be appointed to attend
to request of Ernest Squire for tile
for outlet on 4th concession road.—
Carried. g

E. A. Brown complained’ to’ council
of the water from Division road drain
cutting away the earth near.the store

 

etc, on. Afkman drain; $1 to Gore
Richardson, for fixing crock at end of
Gore road; $50 to John - Quick, for
hauling 60 loads of gravel.—Carried.

Moved by Messrs.” Bondy and Des.
lippe. that Er. Bratt's statute Inbor
Higgins be glven $200 extra on the
work on 5th (loncession drain, and
that Charles Clark be commissionar
on the drain.—Carried.

will bear- the name of Windsor, and
{s constructed to the order of the On-
tario Gravel and Frieghting Col, which
has its headquarters a¥ Windsor, and
of which C. W. Cadwell {s president.
the dimensions of th enew boat are:
Length, 105 feet, - while the mative
power [s fore anr daft compound en-
gines, supplied “with steam from ° a

Detrpit & Windsor Ferry Company to
recover $20,000 damages glleged to
have been caused to Mr. Butler by the
negligence of the company or Its
servants or agents. The action arises
out of an automobile having jammed
dnto contact with. Mr. Butler while
crossing the ferry from Detroit to
Windsor on the night of the 22nd of

   
      
      
      
    
    
      
      

SiHIgl Cluss Manumonts a Spholalty.

LEAMINGTON
Granite and Marble Works:

C. A. CULLEN, Propriator,
Write: for Prices.

 

 

7

      
     
     
   
   
    
      
   
     
       
    
    
    
     

'8 BREAD §s4idddtbiddbddddid

Phone 278 LEAMINGTON, ONW'

 

June last It is allegedw that the | Scot¢h: holler 12 feet by-13 feet, and I aN on ]
3 Ferry Company or its employees or carrying a working=pressure of 155 | house of the Voollen” Mill. Said he Moved by Mess Mobo 6
pounds to the square inch: The steams | thought it could be remedied by lippe, ier Br po HRS he) MONEY-BACK BREAD has that sweet nut-like flavor,

. agents were negligible in the auto-
mobile jamming into Mr. Butler. The
action will be tried by Justice Kelley
with ajury at, Sandwich at the sit-
tings in November next. ’

—Coal déalers could give no definite
reason for the lower coal prices which
it has been announced will shortly be
prevalent in Detroft. According tom
Detroit newspaper soft coal was ob-

so much desired, but rarely found in most breads.
We want you to be skeptical in buying this bread.

Tray it out—if it doesn’t happen to. be all that we say
it is—why, then, your Money Back.

Made onl and guaranteed by

straightening the channel below?
Moved by B. Wigle and Mr. Dalton,
that clerk write the Synod of Huron,
owner of sald property. asking the
privilege of allowing thé council to
make the necessary repairs, as it
would benefit both: parties,—Carried.
By-law No. 249, fixing the rates for
the present yehr. was read the neces-
gary number of times and passed as

be commuted for 1917 and 1918.--Car-
ried, 1

Moved by Messrs. Barnatt and Dgs-
lippe, that council adjourn —Ckrried.

JACK MINER'S FARM
WILL BE MADE GAME
RESERVE BY CROWN

( J. SUTTON & SONS |

¢ Funeral Directors
1ouse of quality.
Auto equipment when desired.

143 Onollotte Ave. WINDSOR, Out,
Phone 545,

er was designed by Mr. Morrill. The
boiler of the Windsor Is new, while
the ‘machinery is being’ taken from
the steamer Soo City. Everything is
first-class shape and with the equip-
ment outlined the boat will be very
powerful, agd one of a yery useful
class of*steamers on the likes.
—Will our correspondents

 

|

      

 

 

please

3. W.& A. RAILWAY +=

Order-in-Council- Sets Aside Portion

 

 

  
     
   
     
     
     
     
     
        
          
     

 
 

        
 

Fhipdd dtd ddd bbb AY3UE SHIHLOW Hid ddbbd-iobibittddtbsd

+ Folded ide bd MOTHER

 

 

 

 

 

    
       
        

 

 

 

 

    
  
 
  

    
  
  
   
   
     
  

 
 
 
 
  

  

 

  
 
 
   

  
 
 
   
 
  
  
 
 

 

 

  

  
   

      
 
  

    

   

 
   
  

 
   
   
    
    

   
        
   
    
  

 
    
    
    
   

    
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
   

     
   

 

 

    
  
   
 

 

   

    
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
   
  
  
   

   

 

    
   
  

_ tained by the city fuel agent of that try and let us hove some news week-42 ¢
city at $1.75 a ton. This'price 18 con: ly. No matter liow small the budget, follows: —County rate Meluding war ‘PI9YSOH ymos jo
ba gldered phenomenal even after haw send it.ilong and cheer the leart of | tax 39.10 milla; township, including x : i 4
wing deducted the freight - charges. {the editor and the reader, ®The most | amount., assessed. on the different [i= Hon. F. MacDiarmid, Minister of ° SUMMER TIME. TABLE. “
There will be no change in’ soft coal | important news we print Is the coun drainage bylaws, 5mills; general | Public Wirks, announced in Toronto > c E ; i =
prices as a result of the anticipated |try correspondence. If you need sup | School rate, 13% ‘mills on dollar. Friday ‘that an ordér-in-council had Ph 59 - i 4 root May rd 1917. bY og uf is
drop’ in the American city, local. deal- s speak up. If we “ean. help you Drainage by-law’ No. 99, for the re- | been passed by the provincial govern- one . WINDSOR 31-37 Salter Ave i ay 23rd, 1917. :
ers state. Virtually all of the large ravay. say 50. We know-that|? s of past branch of old No. 47, was Jpn Says aside a portion of the For sale In Amherstburg at J. H. Lovegrove's, G. T. Florey & irs A 3 ri
manufacturing plants of the city have [t! are very, busy times, with you, |’ the second ind third times apd townsh % 2 Gosfleld South, in the Son's, G. F. Girardin’s, A. J. Burhs’ and Silas Allen's. 5 GJ ro = =
put in an adequate supply, with the [but give us a few items anyway mir Jy Rassed. 00 Ee Ns) Sorry Es Tub Me TORE gine re- Sola ln Harrsw, BY W: R. Boyce & Gb. In McGregor by. Bouglet Bros 2 E sb ge 5 =
” -, a . { i i » from a Jot Som, ~ a
Tha majority of Hh mate aia . aE the 6th con: road drain was read and | the Sanax Wild Life Conservation’ As- as 3 ‘ wv , A = a Ly g2 3 B 1!
Apter c 3 # risfonally’ adopte rdered | sociation. The new, Incinl Polo dopooh ds MOTHER'S B! feel oes LZ) A
i Med sie) a A oe oN WHEAT kt Yi includes the orn Task Mines fat i 3 opeaDIex TRL rrrarer T00. 7.15 6 616 716 1.80, +.
fas Sl rion Es re esis aa conn Yo is Som HE Pee -— ih EE a a a aml oc
g . ad . wild animals and birds. 00 . 5 ; .
; Podiseinses for coal storing, for un-| Busing their conclusions on surveys | * journed 2 a 3 RE . : 10.00 0156 11.16 10.16 11.16 11.30 2»
eas unforescen developments occur | made of wheatflelds over the state, rp r—— Canadian soldiers awaiting perma- “R l P 1 i ” 1 - 11.00 1116 11.16 :
Whore wil Bo plenty of ust for every. | Blanists 1. tho Oho ApricutOral Bx | Sandwich West Counell: * 00 nla ioral 7 oyal Purple Stock Specific |=, 1% ,. hE hE
> ple ory- S / i a :
! : 2 periment Station say that scab and © gen emplo % x i pm. 1216 p.m. 13156 12.30
one’ this winter—London Advertiser. | stinking smut have been threatening Monday; Angust 25th 1 2 «3 . ~~ 3 ’ lp.m. 1216 115 1216 © 116 1.90
| — = | and that farmers will do well to treat| 0 tet. pursuant to" adjourn: " Roup Cure, Chick Feed 1.00 115 216 116 216 230 “3
: seed wheat before sowing this fall. | 00a “mambers present. : hades | 200 215 316 216 3.16 38.30 J
: IMPORTANT LETTER | Formalin kills these diseases in the | yynpi0x of last meeting were read SBAND OBJECTS \ Stock S ec 2 a 3% 31s 416 3156 416 430
; 11S. | srain. ) | oC. p fi | 4.00 4156 616 416 B16 6.30 =
A FROM NIAGARA FALLS o|" Cool. wet. -weather favored: the sad adopas Messrs, JReaume and { w SERGE - : C1 ¢, En S15 6156 6516 616 6.30 . 3
“Lb ai miserabl gprend of whent diseases this year. ¥ ‘Reword Printl FERRY 2 3 ; : 5 16 716 6.16 7.156 7.830
aera Pally On) Al vas My ay Seed free from senb, stinking smut Donan ae : I il Calf Meal & Worm Powders 7.00 716 816 716 816 830 1
\ 2 er eould scarcely sup- and anthracnose canbe secured Af {t 18 fer niay hospital, $136} for care of Bl fi I Nay : y . 800 816 916. 816 9.16 9.30 3
é l. port me. My huo- | pread But of & tight floor on canvas | ES Co Dawson; Ciick Contract: h ol» a, - 9.30 . 9.46 1045" 9.16 10.15 10.30 "
_band had read {ond sprinkled with formalin solution. |; ~ Sen for ies Fred. Sorelle, Wit oi GR Liniment. 1100 a.m. am. >
about. ‘Favorite [A pint gf formalin in 40 gallons of | gt for "card and disinfectiin done; S. e Cured by Lydia E. 4 = am am am 1200 1213
Prescription’ and | water 18 te Jigar advised by he D. Summers, $3.26, for Stationery; Pinkham’s. Ve 1 i240 1266. 166 .... cai. eens }
t me to use it. | Agricultural Experiment Station. a * repairs; J. D. ‘ egetable Jr ' Amherstburg oars " " i
a four bottles | gallon of this solution will treat 2 Ht A gs Fu i fina the "Col und "W. T. WILKINSON A hari gars fun throm Be as!
he resulta were | bushel of grain. It can also be:used "Neth ‘air, $50, for mpo! . JAMES ANDERSON" ¥
and the res Windsor & North Essex Fair, $50, HARNESS . y !
3 ESS AND LEATHER=000DS STORE. | 3 anager 4
surprising. I got | to disinfect drills and bags used for grant: Ernest Renaud, $400, for part ’ oo n 5 3 R Mi 3
stronger, wos lesa bundling so Jian rTeaied Bo payment on cntract.—Cafried als Des Moines, Towa. —“ Four years ago Phoau 87 : P AMHERSTBURG Ql i Es
nervous, my appe- | wheat sho Moved by Messrs, Rociielean an was very sick and was nearly nsider ;
ed and I Ouellette, tat the petitio® of Bridge 3 4d - The doctors | Notice of Meeting to Co Stree
= >

tite improv!
felt like n new per
pon. It is the best
en T have ever heard of.”
wn, 30 Clifton Ave,

[after two or three hours.

 

v
TF

   
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 

Nr

 

avenue and London streét ratepayers By-Law.

for lights be approved of by the: coum i
ofl and that the clerk be Authorized to :
prepare o by-lnw.—CarrifC.

Mr. Ouellotte gives notice that he i
for the com-

 

 

FALL PLOWING FOR BURLEY.

 

i Ee

 
 
  
 
 
  
  
   
 
 
 

TAKE NOTICE that a

Experiments conducted on the Har- |
the sum of

row Tobacco Station for the past two

   
  
 
 

HOUSE BUILDERS ATTENTION:

 
  
 

    
   
   

 

  
  
   
 
   
  

acter which were spring plowed.

nature this has been the case; and
has been found that even though

tobacco in the spring, by discing

thoroughly. . ‘
. Fall plowing 1s not only of value

| a means of

time and given heavier crops of to-
bacco which suffered less from drouth
than plots on land of the same char-

Even on land of a fairly sandy

this

sandy loam runs together during the
winter it can easily be prepared for

‘moisture and |
the mechanical condition
as

ii ik

   
 

 
   
  
 
   
   
 

 
   
   
   
  

the whole, Mr. Resume In

Council resumed. By-law re
time and passed.

Moved by Messrs. Roch

, that the name ©

Tourangeau be substituted

Thomas Sorelle as

keeper for 1917.—Carrled.

it

 
 

 
 
 
 
  

 
 

Mr. Ou
bo appointed a committed
water main on Bridge avenue

‘Wyando

and the opening of

¥

of

e chair.
Hy a third

lean and | pound to any
ard run down as &
LJ

pound

Moved by Mr, Reaume, seconded by
tto, that the whole council

 
 
   
   
  
 
 
 

 

 

     

     
 
  
     

  
 
  
  

 

 
   
 

that, will bring com- | years, in which fall plowing was com | will introduce a bylaw [ Hille :
ope to_the invalid so rent with spring plowing have proven | struction of ornamental ’, Neh on | if I : 2 - of tne Tile Dra
news. When the vital [quite conclusively that tall splowing | Bridge evenue from Suid wich stfet I il ll ¢ ——— 4 - ir PEE into con
Jow ebb and everything | js not only a good practice but ‘is |to Essex Terminal Raily?®Y» and Eon-{ jij iC Weare carrying in stock for immediate delivery the ame
profitable. don street. hel al’ ; i following : ; “> day of September, 1917,
Plots which were fall plowed have Moved by Messrs. RA on ps i tu ind - : ) artornaon.
In every instance retained the mofs- Drouiflurd, thas Mr. Oue fwd yaw) 4 ‘Eo matched Hard Maple flooring, 78 | by
uch longer period of/| be read a firs e.—Ctt - ? Pose AH
a ae Council went into a Egfmittee. of End mutchod Hard Maple fioorion 3 | Marrow, August 14th, 1947.
3 s =

 
  

Comp

lawered

     
 
 
  
   
   

 
 

  
    
 
 
 

  
