 
   
    

  
  
 
 
  
 
 
    
    
      
   
   
 

CoC HEB

WHAT SAILORS HAVE DONE.

 

Nxt Saturday, December Sth, will
ba sdlors' day throughout the Domin-
fon, and an’ effort will bo mado to ob.
tain ‘rom our people some substantial
recogriion of the work that the men
of the navy and mercantile marine
have dme. Sea power has been an
enormots factor in this war. The
niercangle marine, it fs pointed out,
has successfully carried 12,000,000 of
men and 16,000,000 tons of war ma-
terial, 15600,000 of sick and wounded,
60,000,000 gallons of petrol, over 1,260,
000 Liovees and muled, 120,000,000
cwts. of Whedt, 7,600 000 tons of iron
ore, over $863,000,000 sterling worth
of goods have boon exported. We
have lent Lrance 700 ships and 460 to
Italy. Our lines of comriunication- by
sen are (ully as important as those by
land.

But while we all recognize this, we
are perhaps apt to regard the navy us
an impersonal thing, and to think of
it In terms Of guns and tonnage, rath-
| er than in terms of men. Upon this
point we may quote a few words from
a circular issued by the Navy League:

“Jt fg a curious thing in our history
recurring through every stage, that
this: strange breed of high-spirited,
hard-hapded; farsighted, cautious,
cunning, silent morchant sailors have
been a rock on which’ our enemies
have bosn brokon. They smashed the
Armada, they folled the Dutch, they
defeated Napoleon, they defy the Teu-
ton to-day. They face more terrible
and hidden foes who strike in the
dark without warning; they are just
as great In pll the essentinls of daring
resources and humanity 0s were thelr
herole forefathers.”

It will bp noted that fell credit Is
glven mot ‘only to the crews of the
fighting ships, but to thone of the mer
chant and passenger vessels, who are
all! expomed to danger, ond. are really
part of our fighting forces.” In this
work Camodian sallors have had a

    

  

on,

Mothers Know Th
Genuine Castoria

    
      
   
   
 
   
   
   
   
  

  
  
  
  

   
   

  

   
    
    
   
  

  

  
  
  
  
  
 

  

For Over
~ Thirty Years

CASTOR

FHE CENVAUR COMPANY. NEW YORN SIV.

   
      

   

ghare, amd their services are fully
recogniz in the appeal. It should
have a hearty response In Toronto

and in Canada.
———

 

-——

MALDEN COUNCIL.

Special Meeting.
Fridoy, November 9th.
met in special

 

CANADIAN NEWS.
a big

o KEEPING YOUNG
Hamilton

Butmonl Is Sald] to Ward Off Age— [qrart.
" Often 20 Years I
strike.

Two noted scientists, by experiments on rior Wal rel bv
animals, have proved that. youthfulness de- 1 Gust ns F a hss i a a0yalty
pends on thiethyroid gland. And hat some: OR shape “of a hen-laying compe
thing in outs'seems to feed that gland. 2

ne oo 5 Taylor Stattem, of Toronto, ads

It appears that old Age an pro Sd ,dresdied” thy Boy’s Conference at St

Coumcell

 

over. | 108 Biennett and Braun.

 

city faces

 

affter February 1st, 1918, be
Carried, and by-law was given the ne
cessary number of readings and final
ly passed and adopted.
Council adjourned.
Regular Meeting.

many Year by caring
main care is to feed it, and the proper food Thomas: M , December 3rd
5 . Mongay, December 3rd,
48 oats. The women of Englind are organfiz- :
ing with a view to using their vot Council met in regular session. Al
LS "8 | members present. Minutes of Ins

 

Oats contain more encrgy food, more
food for the brain, more food for the nerves,
than any othergrain thatgrows, And now it

ey also serv keep one young. v Co
geacgthnttlisyaisoservats Eecpune JRgEs | STEP, will soon become available iin Mr. Bennett, were adopted as read.

But common oatmenl:ign’t good enough the New York market.
for such an important diet, © The Tich, Walter Starkey, of Stor City, Sask,
plump grains alone are used in the making will apply to Parliament next sesslpn
of Quaker Oats. They are selected by 62 for 44. divorce from hip wife.
siftings, and only ten ponnds are obaine United States’ Congress will Ibe
from a bushel. asked at the coming session to puss

Quaker Oats micans just the cream of | “daylight saving” legislation!

, the oats made delicious, It costs but one- Alexander Ashton, who
half éent per dish, Miss Tillle Adams, of Toronto,

Mado in Canada. died at Wist Lorne,

Wm. Eaton Chandler, ex*U. S. Sec-
retary of the Navy, and famous law- ||
yer, died last week. V

Queen Wilhelmina, of Holland, has
endorsed the .Bill .providing for ‘uni-
versal suffrage and proportional” re-
presentation.

After five montlis of Incarceration
at the Middlesex county gaol, Miss
Margaret Thompson was released frony
curtody on Saturday on an order Dy
i Justice Britton at a sitting off tive
GUNS, High Court. ‘Miss Thompson entered

JOMN HALLAM. Limited the gaol ou June 30th, determined to
keop secret the whereabouts of Jer
408 HALLAM BLDG. TORONTO. niece, Jean Link, whom she Did pledg-
| ed to raise as her.own child. She made
tho pledge to her dying sister, and
when sho entered” the gaol sho an-
nounced that she wonld spend fer life
there rather than tell where {ie ehild;
who js now 13 years old, Wis, Satur-
day Mizs*Thompsan left the gnol with
her secret still undivalizad, but she 15
po longer © woman. if fntelicety hut

in the interests of national reforms.

Mr. Bennett, that the following bill
be paid: . Verno Cornwall, $11, fo
labor on/breakwater on river front

  
   
  
 
   
  
 
 
  
  

 

Renaud, $46.50,

married water on river front rond; Gordon Amn

- has

am

  

 

A.

 

40c for getting scraper;

Wraser, $67.94, for posts and plank fc

50 centg per rod;- Charles Brush, $2
for 3 days with 2 men and team clen

       

TRAPS, SPORTING GOODS

Frank McGee, $400,
contract on. Balley drain; George

 

 

   
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
   
   

. BERTRAND
FUNERAL DIRECTOR

RAGTICAL Fmbalmer, Murray St
ght.
‘Amherstburg. Day or ie »

ditching on 5th concession and repa

  
  
 
  
 
   

ation and report ro Long Marsh dra

   

 

   

   

       
    
     
   
   
    
     
   
  
  
    
   
 
 
  

   
 
   
  
    
    
 
  

 

     
  
    
  

CHAS. LEGGETT

1AR.
GRADUATE OPTIC IN otust

she could receive medisg! trgatment.
-—

Colchester North Council.

 

ance for. ditch; Theo.

$66, fo
age to land and allowance for dite!

 

Saturday, November 10th. )

     
   
  
  
  
  
 

   
 
  
    

 

~ HNinetéen years experience. Hundrec 8
ged Sanisata; wb ace Win Io neon Council met at 1 bins with ml mom: 7. Kimball, $34, for damage to Innd
Caolnsive . bers present. Minutes of Octohor 13th and allowance for.ditch;"J. B. Maron-
tate, $3, for allowance for ditch; Alex.

 

 

ner of Marriage Licenses,
0. P. R, Ticket Agent.

ie

read and, on motion, adopted ns read.

Comunications Were read asfollows:,
Canada Ingot Iron Cy. hill for culvert,
$48, culvet to be placed on G€sly Side-
rond, nt South Malden ond. Report
trom Tile Drainage inspector. Of s w
pt gore 14, con. 9, whs read. The gwii-

‘Ditches and ~~ Watercourses
Alex: Baird, C.

 
   
  
  
  
       
  

Howard Gibb, $11, for clerk's fees
ard Gibb, $6, for clerk's fees for E.

   
 
 
  
    
  
 
   

was granted 2 loan

waa granted & joan |
of $600. Report.on 1 pt lots 31 ynd 32,
N.ALR., owner, J. Grau, was Awarded
to balance o loa ot Yio i" .
Thomas Foot address lia! couneil FR ;
concerning an outlet Tor {he waters or anu Manages io] Buds Beho Print
of his property, con. 7, the drain being | rating and stamps;
BEB. sous |Over-flied by tho water trim the pow Bat ag et
housle ate Telo- | drain.on tho Séuth Rear Road. for’ bridges. over Coll
day or night. | On. mo dog, le reeys and Soundi] drain; Wim, Waldron, $60, for salary
‘or ‘Tremblay Wis ipoint mee , 1 K
Martin interes reéve-for 1917; W..H. Bennett, §
have this drain improved at once.
Eugene Goslin #irved notice on
council to have fha Coulter and
drain repaired. Mr. ‘Goslin complained
that the sideross drain was rot lan
enough and did’'nst have a proper o
Tot to take away the water thi
|down the White drain.
packing in ox life!land
"I his crops. so stten that
that It be taken away. :
A ih ald

Harmon Paquette,

 

  
  
  

  
 

 
 
 

Braun,
tho {tar 1017; James Martin, 360, for:
\a Counetllor for 1917; Thandore.
oy

  

W

wo
J

session.
Presemt Reeve Waldron and. Council

Mowed by Mr. Braun, seconded by

Sp A E : Mr. Biennett, that the by-law to add
Printers in Rome, Italy, are all on percentage on unpaid taxes on and
read.—

x - meeting and of special meeting were
The’ bulk of the new Cuban SUgmI|, .,q ynd, on motion of Mr. Braun and

Moved by Mr. Braun, seconded by

Harry McLedn; $20.16, for labor on
breakwatér on river front rond; Ed.
for labor' on break-

lin, $35.66, for 4% days’ scraping at
1:57.90 per day; Charles Bondy, $16.40,
for 2 days scraping at$8 per day, and
Pillon,
1:33.25, for repairing road machine; John

Wirenkwater on’ river Tront road; Hal
I{onor, $18.60, for 60 per cent. of 62
wods. of ditching on 4th concession at

ing out ditch on Middle Side Road. at
$8 per day; Charles Sawyer, $9, for
repairing bridge and haaling dirt and
filling lioles on 3rd concession; Thos.
Moore, $3, for opening outlet at lake
on Lucas subdivision; Wm. Sutts, $1,

tor repairing bridge on. Creek road;
for, advance on

Brush, $25, for repairing. bridge and

Ing bridge on Middle Side Road; J
L. Morris, C. BE. $260.25, for examin-

sult; James MeGill, $105, for furnishx
ing reinforced concrete cover on Creek

one who has lost her keasonl At the | pridge on Middle Sido” Road; Roy tobacco seed... Many; of the: growers

\ [sitting of theicoart on Baturllay, medi-| Richardson. $44, for n farm access have given Jargororders for peach, ap- | torm of the management here, Tho Soap, every day and often, if you mea to keep them

cal afidayits were read and all three [bridge and damage to® Jand; J. W.|ple and pear trees, which. will be dis- | company ls now open for 1918 con- free p irt and i x Li d scratch:
agreed hat sho 18 insana and should ¥whjiehead, $9, for damage to laud tributed through this swhole district. | tracts,.—Wm. Manchester, who was on from dirt an infection. Little cuts an t 1a
be removed to some, Mxtitution where | and allowance for ditch; Ed. Countess, | Many more acres will also be set out tlio Dan. Kénnedy farm In Colchester —street dust—the free and artless contact with others,

$156.00, for damage to land and allow-
Marontate,

r a farm aficens bridge and dam-

Baird, C.E; $60, for Morris' Pillon’a
award;
1 2., $66, for B. J. Gou-
lin's Ditches ind Watercourses award;

 

Morris Pilon's D. & W. award; How-

   

     
     
   
  
 
 

er, J. Calhoun, 0 | Goulin's D. & W.. award; How est ski

Sh oO 128. my Gibb, $40, for clerk's foes on th Vird:| week. far Ord, Neb, for the purpose of | Taylor was the only am of W, I. “ well

3, read, and, : ner, fo a, tain. tod holding court | Purchasing soveral car loads of corn | Taylor, of tuis place. Heo was af py, And’ “all's pf
unto of the Essex High ‘school, 2 3 b use Lifebuoy.

of ravision on. 8th Con. Road drain;
Lonla Barron, $18, for dnmages to |
lands; John Renaud, $22, for dumages
to lands; Albert Pilon Estate, $11,

  
 
 
  

iSyoontrent far
0 Printing
for tenders
Side Roi

tod, and if possible, Lor galary ag councillor for 1917; Fred
“for salary as Councillor
x]. exeweri

for

 

  
  
 
  

George Ritchie, of this place, died
on Sunday morning at the home of his
doughterindaw, Mra. Alex. Ritchie,
aged 83 years, Deceased was born in
Scotland’ and removed to Canada
about 13 years ago, after a previous
visit to this country. After residing
in Thbury Bast, for seven years he
moved to town, Deceased, who was
of sterling character, left one son,

said a well educated man the other day
when he was asked this question:—*Why,

 

wo you have a told, a cough or bron: Daniel, of Galt, and one daughter,
chitis (troublcs, you will note, of throat | ppg, McClarety, of Battleford, Sask.
and chest) do you perast in pouring 5 Sal

cough syrups, lung tonics and the like ~~ MERSEA.

into your stomach, which is perfectly
sound

Ever think of it? Tl
the lungs are not -conbected, otherwise
food swallowed would choke you. Lung
and throat troubles were never yet cured
by dosing the stomach. To cure coughs,
colds and bronchitiy, you myst breathe
the cure, Peps provide the ranonal treat
ment for these ailments, 12g. arc tablets
made up of pine extracts an® medicinal
essences, which when put into the ifouth
turn into healing vapors. These are
mie dawn direet to the lungs, throat

william Nickerson, aged 76, passed
away Sunday afternoon at the home
of his son-in-law, Abe Fish, 6th con-
cession of Mersen. He Is survived by
his widow ond thrée sons and three
daughters, ncmely, Joseph and Hugh,
in the west; Charles, of this town;
Mrs. Leslie Scratch, Detroit; Mra. John
Wagoner, Windsor, and Mrs. Abe Fish,
of Mersea, The funeral service was
held at the home of the latter on Tues-
day afternoon, interment following in

North Ridge cemetery.

we stomach and

  
 
 
    
  
 
 
  
  
  
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
  
  
   
  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 
 

  
  
     
   

     
  
    

  
 

  
 
 
  
    
    
     
   

Say it is Hous
Doctor Called

 
      
  

it a.

 
     

 

and bronchial tubes—not swiziowed down

 

    
  
 
  
     
 
 

to the stomach, which is not ailing. Try re A
> oli bro oll po | COLCHESTER NonTh. :
gists and stores-or Peps ‘Co,, Toronts, hi All women ought to know the wonderful effects of
taking Lydia E. Pinkham’s Vegetable Compound even om
thosé who seem hopelessly ill. Here are three; \ctual cases:
Harrisb

wilksupnly Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Sweet celebrat-
od tho 40th anniversary of thelr wed-
ding at their home on Wednesday,
November 20th, all their family being
present. Those from a distance were
Miss Ida Sweet and Mr. and Mrs. Wm.
Butt and family, of Chatham; Miss
Florence Sweet, of Detroit; Mr. and
Mrs. W. G. Quick and family, of
walkerville.—Thomas Crozier recely-
ad word on Friday last that his broth-
or, William; of Ithaca, Mich., had died
very suddenly with heart trouble that
morning, The Inte Mr. Crozier was 0
resident of Colchester North for a
number of years, and was in his 67th
year, Mr. Crozier and son William
jeft on Satarday to attend the funeral.

al Cases:
Penn. —* When I was single I suf-
fered a t deal from female weakness because -
my work compelled me to stand all day. I took
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound $or that

and was made Stronger by its use. After I was"
married I took the pound again for a female

t

Haka

 

Cots

=

 
 

      
  
   
   
     
            
       
 

 

WINDSOK.

—
. Becanse of disloyat remarks sald to
have boen made by him to citizens
while on duty Leo McCarthy, a Wind-
sor police officer, wus discharged from
the force three years ago. Now he has
been rofused exemption.

 

trouble and after three months what the

doctor called a growth. He said it was a

that it came away as one generally goes under

the knife to have them removed. I never wand to!

be without. your Co d in the house.” —Mrs.
| Frank KNoBL, 1642

"Halton St., Harrisburg, Pon.
Hardly Able to Move. $

    

  

 

Eggs were «quoted at 70 cents 8 |'which was held on Monday, gins

San on Sera mann, hs p a Albert Les, Min, Por about 3: year I had sharp paios goross
> £ ; my back and hips and was hardly able’ to move around the house.,

cnnty of Basex. sre yas 2 plenty KINGSVILLE. My head Would, ache a I was Saiz y and had no appetite. “After.

I rouly sale. : — taking Lydia, Pinkham’s Vegetable Compound and Liver I
p gh cost. Farmers pre Fred. Crawford, who recently under- feoli little boy eigh ;
dict. tho price will reach the dollar | . am feeling stronger than for years. I have a little boy eight months:
) p went treatment in London, Is expected : >
mark before the end of the year. home in A few days. 01d and am doing my work all alone. I would not-be without :
: Temedies in the house as there are none like them.”— Bre. I. B®

  

Miss Sarah Jenner hag resigned her

    
  
 
 
   

Joseph  Poters, a Windsor Syrian,
found gullty of manslaughter with a | position in the C. W. Hendershot Yost, 611 Water St., Albert Lea, Minn, :
recommendation for mercy, was fen-|gtore, lier successor being Miss Lu- |

Three Doctors Gave Her Up.

tenced by Justice Kelly at Sandwich
Friday afterncon to eighteen months’
imprisonment. A clvil action brought
by the ‘mother of Walter Larne, who
died from injuries sustained when
struck down by Peters’ tutomoblle,
was settled out of court, the defend-
ant paying $3,000 and court costs.

—~Mr. and Mrs. E. N. Bartlet,” Miss
Dorothy Bartlet, Mrs, Wm. McGregor,
of Windsor, and Miss Norma Suther-
land, of Toronto, daughter of Justice
Sutherland, left on Monday to spend
the winter in California. They will go
by the American route and will spend
gome time visiting the Grand Canyon
and other points of interest en route.
Mr. and Mrs. Bartlet have taken sa
housa in Hollywod, a suburb of Los
Angeles, The party will not return
until the first of April.

GOSFIELD SOUTH.

Arner. Cah
Report for November of S,"S, No. 1;
Colchester South and Gosfleld South.

ella Jackson.
Miss Lucinda Augustine, of Walker-

ville, visited her” danghters, Mrs. Wm,
Long and Mrs. Wm. Riddiford, and
friends for n week.

Ed, Wigle, ho has been here with
hig father, A.-J. Wigle, for some
weeks, has gonosback to iis home at
Eaton, Colorado, to attend to some
business affairs. Hissfother remnins
in about the samc statésof henlth he
has been ‘fn for months; some days
not so well as others. :

Some phenomenal catches of fish
have been munde here lately, as high
as six and eight tons coming in at
one heoul. One firm- dropped $16,000
cash not very long ago through losing
thelr outfits in the stormy weather.
It looks easy to clean up five or six
hundrog Bollars in one haul’ of fish,
but when it comes to dropping thirty |
times that much in one night, it looks};
as If even the fishing business was not
all. profit as: som« people Imagine.
There are few lines of business where
the risk of loss is greater. .

Jum |

Pittsb! Penn. —* Your medicine bas Delis
0)

me wonde; . When I was a girl 18 Fours

was always sickly and delicate and suffered from
irregularities. Three doctors gave me up and said
I would go into consumption. I took Lyais E,
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound and with the third
bottle began to feel better. I soon became regulat
and I got strong and shortly after X was,

Now I have two hice stout healthy children and am

ablato work hard every day,” — Mrs: CLEMENTINA}

DuEerrINg, 34 GardnerSt, Troy Hill, Pittsburg, Penn, EES :
All women areinvited to write to the Lydia E: Piikham Meds.

eine Co., Lynn, Mass., for special advice,—it will be confidential.

  

 
      
          

   

  

     
   

 
   
   

       
     
    
 
    

.

  
  
 
 
  
 
 
   
  
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
 
 
  
   
  
       
          
      
   
 

1

>

’

»

t 4
x

  

B
r

 

=

 

Names In order of merit. IV Glass— LL  mirr—m——
Pearl Fox. Richard Ulch tie Yi Fred. z
Staddon, -Jehn Chalk. Sr. VII—Verda GOSFIELD NORTH.

Cottam.

The Cottam branch of the Quality
Canners closed last week, and alto-
gether tho past scason has been ‘a
vory -hard one on canners, the Gottam
factory having run continually since
strawberry time, under the able man-
agement of G. J. Ferman and J. Benz

 

Bondy, Wavne Lounsbur Jr. M1—
Mirabel Tofflemire, Fern Mortimore,
Gerald Toflemire, John Uleh. Sr. I1—
Anno Chalk, Martin Klie. Jr. I1—Ralpa
ller, Everett LAramie, Alvin Ulcl, Ena

1st Class—Pearl Ulch, Hazel
», Violet Uleh, Grace Laramic,, “A”
Class—Orville Tofflemire, Milo Deim

or ye

A,
n-

  

ner, Grace' Klle, Dorothy - Ulch, , Lor- ing. The following goods wero put up:
ainé Chalk. J. L. Baker, teacher. 96,114 Ms. strawberries; AH8,468 hs.
Ruthven, beans; 56,766 ths. raspberries; 89,170 :
3

   
    

238,652 Ibs. pears; 124,
980 Ths. plumsf; 200,334 Ibs. tomatoes;
90,260 Ibs. beets; total 953,714 Ibs.
The labor employed Was principally
foreign -labor from Buffalo, and was a
very respectable lot of people, good
workers, and minding their own busi-
ness. Several Cottam reaidents had
steady work, and all who applied re-
colved employment, The patrons
peem saysfled with the treatment thoy
received, and speak In the highest

A ‘large number of the growers In tbs. peaches

this’ district who have erected green-
houses, are now busy. overhauling the
Interior of many of the bulldings and
putting them in good shape for ‘early
spring work. The thousands of panes
of glass are being lepded. in, which
will keep® all the heat from escaping.
Hundreds of new boxes are also being
put together, which will be used for
planting the ‘tomato, cucumber and

     
   
  
 
 
   
    
  
 

       
    
 
      
  
  
   
   
   
  
  

    
    

   
   
  
   
  
    
   
   
     

C.

 
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
   
   
     
       

ir

 

 

  
 
  
  

in

     
   
 

 

   

Little hands, little fades; little toga all heed Lifebuoy

    
      
    
  
  

     
       
   
 
    
  
  
  
     
    
   
   
    
  
    
   
   
  
 
   
    
   
  
 
   
   
  
  
  
  

       
     
   
       

   
   
 

 

North the past year, has bought.Jacob
Myer’s farm in the 10th concession of |* §§
Gosfield North, for $3,600, possession
to be given 1st of December. Mr.
Myers will move back jo his* home
place; Peter Hillier will move to the
Wm. Wilson farm, the latter moving
to the Wm. O. Church place near Hi:
sex, and Mr. Church moving back to
his own farm near North Ridge.
Momorial- services were held in the
Methodist church at Cottam Sunday,
for Lieut! Robert Taylor, of the Royal
Flying Corps, who was recently report-
ed killed in action in France. Lieut.

 

 

 

in red and block yaspberries, for
which a ready market is always open.
—Quite a number of our weathér pro-
phets are“predicting a very, mild win-
ter. The sure sign is the large number
of red squirrels which have not yet
turned in for the winter; the oxtra
thin husks of the corn and the cat
owls’ light cont.—The pound fishermen
all along the shore have started to
haul in their twine. The, whitefish
catch has been very light this fall,
while the gill net men are hpuling in
16 and 20 tons of herring every day.—
J. O. Duke, of Olinda, left here last

    
 
    
   
   
  
   
   

all have the danger element removed if you use

uoyY

=

"HEALTH SOAP
Its abundant, creamy ‘Iather dives the greatest %

possible cleansing power. Cannot hurt the tender=
Use it in the bath, in the home,

4

 
 
    

   

hi; :
A i

 

    
     
   
  

   
 
    

    
  
   

     
   
      

on

   
  
   

J.

    
 
     

   

    
   

for- vooding.—Harrison) Poterson was | rad
and wis attending’ the Toronto Unf:

VOruity: wy to the time ot Bin; catia; :
men ut & year Ago. ad been
in France some time eA
Jidlled; Rev. A: E. Millson officiated
ithe service. Eugeno Scratch, ¢ J
of Gosfield; North, spoke briefly; dwell
ing upon {he numbor of promising
young men of this section who have’
ven’ up their ‘lives for the 'Bmipire
and: the duty the people remaining at
home owed them. Capt. J. W. Bri

 

at Toronto to purchase n carload of
dulry cows which will bo disposed of
the the farmers in this’ district.—The
churches, ladges, patriotic “societies
and’ schools in this community will-go
in together and hold a Cliristmns com-
munity tree on the four corners Jp
on Wednesday, December 24th. This
will’ be quite a novel our, street
Somalod to the: different Patriots 80.
"| donated: to the different patriot
r|cletien, a Eo

  
  

  

nd
as
Sa

  
  
 
   

an x (SL
ON CLAIM NO BAR,
3 3 6. 2 LL

 
