7 wort

of thousands of casts,
St. FenioLe, Dec. th, 1915
please mail to my address a copy of
your Tveatue on ihe Horse, have been Suing
valuable remedies for some time, and foo
safennd reliable.
; JOSEPH L. BATZINGER.
*  $1'a bottle—6 for drggists—or write for
<opy or our book * tise on the Horse" free.

Dr. B. J. KENDALL COMPANY
Enosburg Falls, Vermont, US.A. ns

THe EcHO
Published by
THE ECHO PRINTING CO., Limited
Amherstburg, Ont.
J. A. AULD, A. W. MARSH,

PRESIDENT. Seo'y-THEAS

Friday, March 16. 1917.

Sir Thomas White says it will be
necessary to borrow $250,000,000. on
this side of the Atlantic during the

coming year.

The Finance Minister says, that the

net debt of Canada which was $335,

« 000,000 on March 31st, 1914; $449,000,
000 In 1915, and $615,000,000, in 1916,
was $745,000,000 on January 31st, 1917.

Returned soldiers are to have first
chance at free lands for homestead-
ing. The Minister of Interior announce
es that hereafter where lands are open-
ed for homesteading, returned soldiers
ghall have a day in advance of all
other persons in which to file applica-

tions.
—e

President Wilson on Friday signed
the postoffice appropriation bill con-
taining the “bone dry” prohibition pro-
vision. The amendments forbids ship-
ment of liquor except for sacramental,
medicinal, mechanical and’ scientific
purposes, into prohibition states, and
forbids liquor advertising in dry states.

—

Red Cross collections for the whole
Empire on October 18th, 1916, (Red
Cross Day), totalled five and a half
million dollars. Of this amount, the
overseas dominions contributed three
and a half million dollars, while the
heaviest contributors were the people
of Ontario, who gave one million seven
hundred thousand dollars, or practi-
cally one-third of the total subscribed
by the whole Empire.

’ It is practically certain that the
Government will not place an embargo
on the export of potatoes from Can-
ada. As a result of a survey which
Hon. Martin Burrell, Minister of Agri-
culture, has made he is convinced that
there is in Canada at the present time
from one to two milllom bushels in ex-

8 of the requirememts of the coun-
4 try for food and seed purposes. The
members of the New Brunswick Po-
tato Exchange who were in Ottawa the
other day to protest against the em-
bargo proposal estimated the Canad-
fan potato surplus. at 2,400,000 bushels,
Ontario is the only Province with’a
shortage. :

alk in the corridors at Toronto
Legislature contimue to reflect oppo-
sition to the Gawernment’s proposals
~ for the re-organization of the Depart
ment of Agriculture on the ground that
it means a multiplicity of officials.
An editorial in the Farmers’ Advocate
A i has caused al lot of talk. “Tae pres
) has’ At se-organization.” it says, “is the
talk of Agricultural Owtario, and the

oe alk fs not %y any means all favorable
* People are now complain(ng shout tue]

- men appointed, but they are taking
“freely about théir numbers and are

i of looking upon the whole thing as an
EE indication of weakness on the part of
S oe of the officials, whetl it reyyiven
L, Yur wen to dé oilé man's or at least
[88 "two men's work. A-dittle housecizan-

© {ig might be in order In 1017, and w ith
b it a Jttd rearrangément of the ex-
pensive furniture of the front parlor
i _of the Agricultural Department at To

5 ronto.”

“PROVINCIAL LEGISLATURE.

ho

A deputation of 1,600 teachers from
al parts of the Province waited upon
the Government In regerd to the Sup-
grannuation Bill which provides for a
fund’ into which the teachers are to
pay 2% per cent. of thelr salaries and
at the end of 40 years«they can retire
with a pension. Sir Adam Beck in-
troduced the Geputation. p

Another, deputation’ representing
‘hospitals throughout the Province ask-
ed the Government to Increase ‘its
grant in case of indigent patients and
_ to oblige municipalities to contribute
more largely for hospital patients.
* The Prime Minister." promjset sym-
pathetic consideration.
= An important afternoon in tha House
was spent by the Government and Op-
_ position uniting to re-affirm the deter-
. mination of the pcople of Ontario to
" back the war to the end and to make
it ther first duty. Sir William Hearst
greed the need of every available man
“to help our soldiers at the front, while
Mr. Rowell urged this duty as well as
the necessity of multiplying the supply
of munitions and the producing of all
bo sible food. The debate was con-
clu od'by the singing of “God Save the

D
A

her's Troubles
other's unending work and

n drains and strains her
al strength and leaves

C In

1 alectric cer at the foot of Moy avenue,

Rev. Father Granottier, C. S. B.
died Sunday in Owen Sound. Born
in France in 1836, ordained priest in
1862, he came to Canada,’ being sta:
tioned at Michael's College, Toronto,
for one year, where he taught French,
In 1862 he was appointed parish priest
at Owen Sound and its missions,
where he spent the .rest of his life.
The counties of Grey, Bruce, Dufferin,
and parts of Simcoe and Wellington
were the scenes of his labors in the
early 60's and 70's, He had seen many
flourishing parighes grow up in these
counties, the crowning of his own
work. The heroic spirit of the early
French Catholi¢ missionaries was well
sustained in his life. Since 1907 he
had - lived in retirement at Owen

Sound. A,
em Sd
ESSEX SPRING ASSIZES.

Three interesting action for damages
agoinst the S,, WwW. & A. electric rail
way occupied the attention of the court
the Intter part of last week.

Aaron Lindsay, of Wiadsor, brought
action for $3.000for injuries alleged to
have been caused by a belt line car
Settlement was made just as the jury
were ready to hear the case. Barrister
M.-K. Cowan, K.C,, for the company,
sald there was no doubt that plaintiff
had received severe injuries in an ac-
cident and that no doubt -the jury
would look at it this way. With the
consent of Barrister F. C. Kerby, for
Lindsay, he said $700 damages and
$150 costs would be allowed plaintiff.

This was agreeable to counsel for
plaintiff.
On the other hand, H. Gwynne

Vaughn, Detroit real estate dealer, lost
his suit for $4,000 damages, caused, it
was alleged, when an Amherstburg car
backed up from the telephone office to
the station and while the plaintiff was
alighting. Vaughn alleged that he was
thrown violently to the pavement, sus.
taining injuries, interne] and external.
Medical expenses alone amounted to
$354, including trips to and from
Mount Clemens, Mich. Other loss was
made up in various ways, and included
losing ten weeks’ work valued at $100
per week. The defence was able to
show by witnesses that Vaughn, with
a companion, R, P. Scratch, of Am-
herstburg, failed to get off the cer at
its terminus with other passengers,
pumbering about twenty, and that he
was warned of the danger of alighting
from a moving car. The car, it was
contended, ‘was under proper control
of Motorman Ernest Thorn, of Wind-
gor. It took the jury just twenty min-
ates ro decide that Vaughn was negll-
gent in getting off the car before fit
stopped. ~ Many persons in Amherst-
burg witnessed the accident Mr.
Vaughn, it will be remembered, was
spending a couple of weeks at Chat.
equ la Rose when the accident hap-
pened.

Mrs. Nellie Pastorius, widow if Ern-
cat Pastorius, who wns killed by an

Windsor, early lest December, made a
settlement of her case aginst the S.,
W. & A. electric railway for $1,200
and costs. It will be remembered that
Mr. Pastorius left his home early ‘in
one morning and was waiting for a
car from Tecumseh to take him to Am-
herstburg, where he Hud a dental ene
gagement with Dr. 3. S, French, who
he was run down by a belt line car
and instantly killed, Mrs. Pastorius’
frievoids troubleg were greatly ppg-
menis? @ couple bf WhRka. uid by te
death of her daughter Mabel, who was
fatally burned in their home. The
Sompans was inclined to be foir with
her. ;

8,800 FIRES IN ONE YEAR

Something About Lightning Losses
and Barn Fires.

Fire Marshal Heaton, in lis address
Jast’ week at the annual meetng in
Tordnto of the MutualgFire Underwrit-
ers’ Association, announced that there
would be no fire insurance legislation
at the present session of the Legisla-
ture, as Commissioner Masten's big
task of investigating conditions was
not completed.

Most of his vigorpus speech was de-
voted to combatting the views he con-
fessed he knew was largely held by
the insurance men that the large num-
ber of barn fires during the past year
were due to incendiary work by alien
enemies and German sympathizers:

In all.§.900 fires had been reported
in Ontario during the past year. These
entailed a total loss of over $12,000,
000. This was the highest fire waste
touched by the province since 1904,
the year of the great Toronto con-
flagration. It was significant that the
State of Ohio, with. double the popula-
tion of Ontario, had only experienced
6,042 fires, with a total loss of $7.
376,000.

The .cnormons number of barn fires
during 19156 and 1816 had given rise to
a general suspicion that they were of
enemy origin, There was no evidence
to support this belief, beyond the fact
that # huge percentage were ascribed
to unknown causes. Mr. Heaton) found
through the investigations of his of:
ficers, that practically all the barns so
destroyed had no proper ventilating

syste.
T Those Barn

| +The Fire Marshal nF the

The Trouble is Often Really St.

Vitus Dance—Do Not

Neglect It. i

Many a child has beenicalled awk-
ward, has been punish | in school
for not keeping still or dropping
things when the trouble 8s really
St. Vitus Dance. This
appear at any age, but isi
mon between the ages of six and four-
teen years. It is caused’ by thin
blood which fails to carry sufficient
nourishment to the nerves, and the
child becomes restless and twitching
of the muscles and Jerking of the
limbs and ‘body follow. = In several
cases the child is unable to hold any
thing or feed itself. ~St. Vitus Dance
{s cured by building up the blood.
The most successful treatment is to
remove the chiMl from all montal ex-
citement, stop school work and give
Dr. Willlams' Pink Pills. There
pills renew the blood supply, streng-
then the nerves, and restore the child
to perfect health.” Hore is proof of
their power to cure, Mrs. S. Sharpe,
Oakville, Ont, -says:—*“When my
daughter was nine yecrs old she was
attacked with St. Vitus Dance. She
was sent to a snnitorium -where she
remained for nine weeks, without
any benefit. Indeed when we brought
her home she was as helpless as a
baby. 1 got a supply of Dr. Williams’
Pink Pills and continued glving her
half na pill after ench meal for sev-
eral months, when she had fully recov-
ered and has never had a symptom of
the trouble since.”

You can get Dr. Willlams* Pink
Pills through any dealer in medicine
or by mail at 50 cents a box or six
boxes for $2.50 from The Dr. Williams’
Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.

TILBURY.

During the service in St. Andrews
Presbyterian church on Sunday even-
ing about twelve square feet of plaster
fell from the ceiling, a distance of
about eighteen feet; and crashed into
the choir. Joseph Stewart and Miss
Clarissa Scott received severe “cuts
and bruises on the scalp, and Miss
Fennel Johnson was severely bruised
on the shoulder. The church was fill-
ed, and the calmness of the pastor,
Rev. Mr. McLeod, averted a panic.
After the dust had settled and the in-

jured members of the choir were re-
moved, the services were resumed.

WHEATLEY.

Mrs. Mabel Voakes went to Chat-
ham lost week to attend at the bedside
of her mother, Mrs. A. Lamarsh. who
underwent a surgical operation on
Tuesday. \

The black fox, which ecsaped from
the local fox farm some time ago, was
given a chase on Tuesday of last
week, Night came on, however, and
the trail was lost on Lewis Toffle-
mire's farm, and, as far as we can
learn; has not been re-discovered: ~

H. S. Derbyshire and son Alvin re-
turned Wednesday morning from To-
ronto, where they had been consulting
Dr. Reeves in regard to Alvin's eyes.
The specialist was of the opinion that
no operation is necessary, and gave
some medicine, which seems to be
producing the desired result.

: Ee re

TOWN OF ESSEX.

Mrs. James Coulter underwent an
operation last Friday at Hotel Dien,
from which she i8 recovering nicely. _

A. E. Lovelace was carrying a pail
of water on Monday of last week when
he slipped and fell, fracturing his arm
so badly that'he will not be able to
use same for some time.

“ Mrs. R. M. Birce {8“1ald up with an
injured eye, caused by its being struck
by her child's finger. It was feared
that the sight would be affected but
outside of hejng unable to use the oye
for A sliort time, no other serious con.

sequences are looked (oF.

Word reached Essex on Thursday
that the Main Stock” Exchange and
Board of Trade block in Swift Cur.
rent, Sask., was burned to the ground
o few nights ago. Mrs. A. S."Clancy,
daughter of S. B. _.'Green, and her
daughter Betty had a very narrow es-
cape, their flat being in the building.

save even their clothes.

out Injury.

Welland” Board of Trade is asking
the Department:of Railways and Can-
als to plan at onte for a canal and
river system from the foot of Lake
Ontario to Montreal to. conform with

the Welland Ship Canal in capacity.

house, completely furnished.

WHY WOMEN

cine Co. :

Medicine Co. are continually pub
genuine?”

Firemen.had to rescue both from the
burning rooms, they being unable to
Both mother

and child, fortunately, escaped with

Mrs. Hornsey, of Stratford, wife of
Pte. J) Hornsey, who on Sunday night,
suffered the total Joss of her house
and its contents by fire, was presented
by citizens with a comfortable brick

Mt, esare—

WRITE LETTERS |
To Lydia E. Pinkbam Medi

Women who are well often ask “Are
the letters which the Lydia E. Pinkham

“Are they truthful?”

| DOMINI

8)

MINION OF CANADA
8 Issue of $150,000,000 5% Bonds Maturing 1st March, 1937

; Payable at par at Ottawa, Halifax, St John, Charlottetown, Montreal, Toronto,
(0) Winnipeg, Regina, Calgary, Victoria, and at the Agency of

the Bank of Montreal, New York City. '
INTEREST PAYABLE HALF-YEARLY, 1st MARCH, 1st SEPTEMBER.

A FULL HALF-YEAR'S INTEREST WILL BE PAID ON Ist SEPTEMBER, 1917.

B PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST PAYABLE IN GOLD.
THE PROCEEDS OF THE.LOAN WILL BE USED FOR WAR PURPOSES ONLY.

_Tre MINISTER OF FINANCE offers herewith, on behalf
of the Government, the above-named Bonds for Subscrip-
tion at 96; payable as follows: —

10 per cent on application }

30“ 16th April, 1017;
30 15th May, 1917;
26 15th June, 1917.

The total allotment of bonds of this issue will be limited
to one hundred and fifty: million dollars, exclusive of
the amount (if any) paid for’ by the surrender of’bonds

- as the equivalent of cash under the terms of the ‘War
Loan prospectus of 22nd November, 1915.

The instalments may be paid in full on the 16th day of
April, 1917, or on any instalment due date thereafter, under
discount at the rate of four per cent per annum. All
payments are to be made to a chartered bank for the
credit of the Minister of Finance. Failure to pay any
finstalment. when due will render previous payments ligble

~'4o forfeiture and the allotment to cancellation.

Subscriptions, accompanied by a deposit of “ten per
cent of tlie amount subscribed, must be forwarded through.
the. medium of a chartered bank, Any branch in-Canada<|
of any chartered bank will receive subscriptions and issue
provisional receipts. o

IR) This loan is authorized under Act of the Parliament
of Canada, and both principal and interest will be ia
charge upon the Consolidated Revenue Fund.

. Forms of application may be obtained from any branch
in Canada of any chartered bank and at the office’ of any
Assistant Receiver General in Canada.

Subscriptions must be for even hundreds of dollars,

In case of partial allotments the surplus deposit will be
applied towards payment of the amount due on the
April instalment. To RT

Serip certificates, non-negotiable or payable to bearer
in accordance with the choice of the applicant for
registéred or bearer bonds, will be issued, after allotment,
inc éxchange for the provisional receipts.

When the scrip certificates have been paid in full and
payment endorsed thereon by the bank receiving the
money, they may be exchanged for bonds, when prepared,
with coupons attached, payable to bearer or registered
as t6 prinkipal, “or for fully registered bonds, when
prepared, thout coupons, in aceordance with the
s+application.

DeraRTMENT OF Fivance, Orrawa, March 12th, 1917.

Ld

* Why d6 women Write such lettera?””

ndmber of barn fires accredited to the
cause of Hghtning. In one county out
of twenty-one barn fires, nineteen
were ascribed to lightning, two to.un-
know causes and one to incendiarisni.
In ‘augther county, out of thirty-eight
no less than twenty-seven were assign: |
ed to 1Ightning and seven to causes
unknowii; The fires said to be caused

tarp hat Coons
y the country write
ofl ecters to the Lydia B.

Medicine Co. ia that]
oh Vegeiabl Compo hu rk

reli
rf aed
Ve

sald if
torch was
g a thunder

ISSUE PRICE 96.

will be payable free of exchange at any branch in Canada

‘register

SUBSCRIPTION LISTS WILL CLOSE ON OR BEFORE THE 23rd OF MARCH, 1917.

TE =

Delivery of serip certificates and of bonds will be made
through the chartered banks. :

The issue will be exempt from taxes—including any
income tax—imposed in pursuance. of legislation enacted
by the Parliament”of Canada,

The bonds with coupons will be issued in denominations
of $100, $500, $1,000. Fully registered bonds without
coupons will be issued in denominations of $1,000, $5,000

or any authorized multiple of $5,000.

}

The bonds will be paid at maturity at par at the office
of the Minister of Finance and Receiver General at
Ottawa, or at the office of the Assistant Receiver General
at Halifax, St. John, Charlottetown, Montreal, Toronto,
Winnipeg, Regina, Calgary or Victoria, or at the Agency
of the Bank of Montreal, New York City.

The interest on the fully registered bonds will be paid
by cheque, which will be remitted by post. Interest
on bonds with coupons will be paid on surrender of coupons.
Both cheques and coupons, at’ the option of the holder,

of any chartered bank, or at the Agency of the Bank
of Montreal, New York City.

Subject to the payment of twenty-five cents for cach
new bond issued, holders of fully registered bonds without
coupons will have the Tight to convert into bonds of the
denomination of $1,000 with coupons, and holders of bonds
with coupons will have the right to convert into fully
bonds of- authorized denominations without
coupons at any time on application to the Minister of
Finance.

The books of the loan will be kept at the Department
of Finance Otfawa.

Application will be made in due course for the listing
of the issiie on the Montreal and Toronto Stock Exchanges.

Recognized bond-and stock brokers having offices and
carrying on business in Canada will be allowed a commis-__
sion of three-cighths of one per cent on allotments made
in respect of applications bearing their stamp, provided,
however, that no commission will be allowed in respect
of the amount of any allotment paid for by the surrender
of bonds issued under the War Loan prospectus of 22nd
November, 1915, or in respect of the amount of any
allotment paid for by surrénder of five per.cent debenture
stock maturing 1st October, 1919. No commission will -
be allowed in respect of ‘applications on forms ‘which
have not been printed by the King’s Printer. Ea

EO 2

*IFR dil 4 7, 4 le TT

—

I BRITA

She must have Food—

FACTORY"

_ for her Armies in the Field—for het Workers in the Factory—iny
the Munition plant—in the Shipyard—in the Mine. a

THERE'S DANGER IN SIGHT—BUT YOU CAN HELP

Do You KNow—
that the rapidly rising price of food stuffs
means that the World's reserve supply is

¥ getting small? ° #
Do You KNow— -
that a world-wide famine can only be
averted by increasing this supply? ©

Do You KNow——
that a *food famine” would ‘be a worse
disaster to the Empire and her Allies than
- reverses in the Field ?

THE NEAREST

You CAN WHEAT,
help thwart Germany's desperate sub- OATS
marine thrust on the high seas, BEEF
BACON, :
i ae | ones
lis by helping to make every bit of
land in Canada produce—the very last . EGGS,
pound of food stuffs of which it is capable, || BUTTER,
AND REMEMBER POULTRY,
that no man can say that he has fully d BEANS & PEAS,
_ his part—who haying land —be f vi wooL,
patch, or farm, or ranch—fails to make it FLAX ) !
produce food to its utmost capacity. ELAR ND IE
; DRIED ?

TAIN acres 10 CANADA

®
PRODUCER OF STAPLE FOODS

2625 Mires
: = IE
3 6000 Mien

ATIO

RTMENT OF

— — mrss

ALLS TO CANADA

THE FARM

THESE.
FARM PRODUCTS
ARE NEEDED:
FOR EXPORT

“ No matter what difficulti y
face us, the supreme ii pn e
man'on the land is to use every thought
and every energy in the direction of
Producing more—and still more.”

Martin Burrell —Minister of Agriculture.

: The Department invites every one desiring
information on any subject relative to Farm’
and Garden, to write— gE

BUREAU

AGRICULTURE

sight. 1
cr quantities;

for any

2 0

Toles

7

SlElSloiEol SS

¥

~

4

