PO

RR Eo

5

on, thé great work that chemists are

Rocnox, Que., March 2nd, 1915.

“1 havo received the most wonderful
benefit from taking * Fruit-a-tives”.
1 suffered for years from RAcumatism
and change of life, and I took every
remedy obtainable without results. I
tried * Fruit-a-tives” and it was the
only medicine that really did me good.
Now I am entirely well—the Rheu-
matism has disappeared, and the ter-

rible pains in my body, are all gone. 1
hope that others, who suffer from such
distressing diseases, will try “Fruit-a.
tives”. Mapaug ISAIE ROCHON.

0c. a box, 6 for $2.50, trial size, 254.
At all dealers or sent postpaid by Fruit.

a

a-tives Limited, Ottawa.

TOWN AND COUNTY.

—Miss Adelle Fox, of Detroit, spent
the week-end at Jud Smith's.

— Miss Marjorie Wilcox has returned
home from visiting her sister in Roch-
ester, N. Y.

—Mrs. J. O. Peck, Mrs. Craig and
Mrs. Harry Coll spent the week-end
with their parents, Capt and Mrs. Jas.
J. Jarmin.

—A move to have cats taxed at the
rate of $1 each has been taken by the
Woodstock Society for the protection
of Birds, which has also petitioned the
city council to compel owners of cats
to tie up the animals at night. That
the birds are instrumental in destroy-

_ ing insect pests, and that cats déstroy
/large numbers of birds, is the basis
for the argument advanced.

—The Lake Erie Fishermen's Asso-
ciation made an appeal through its
executive in Ottawa for the several
forms advocated by resolution at their
annual convention ‘held in St. Thomas
a couple of weeks ago. - Among the
important reformations suggested
were. that the fishermen pay the lic-
ense fee on a basis of the extent of
their catch or at so much per pound
of fish taken from their nets and that
proper and adequate protection be
given Canadian fishermen against
American poachers. The fishermen at
the west end of the Ianke ask for a nar-
rower mesh for gill nets, as it appears
that the fish having their homes at
that end of the lake are not so robust
as thelr fellows up this way, and they
actually swim through the nets with-
out their gills coming in contact with
the mesh.

—Spring. is coming—it will be here
before you know it. To-morrow may
bring snow, and the next sleet, and
the next day zero weather, but spring
is coming just the same. With the!
river all breaking up and almost tree |
of ice, the fitting out of steamers along
the docks, the sailors sitting along the |
docks itching to get away, the fishing
tackle gotten out, motor-boat owners
getting them ready to launch, children
with skipping ropes and marbles, the
roads .drying up and robins singing—
all these are sure signs of spring.

—The funeral of Dr. Henry Hough,
the publisher, notice of whose death
appeared in “last issue, took place on
Tuesday of last week in Toronto from
the Central Alethodist church to Mount
Pleasant cemetry. The. pallbearers
were J. J. ‘Follett, Banjamin Fletcher,
John: Howarth, of Carleton - Street
Methodist church, and A. Trovan: F.
‘W. Walker and C. E. Edmunds, of
Central Methodist church. Members
of the Senate and faculty fo Victoria
Unlyersity and trustees and officials of
Central Methodist church attended the
funeral.” The service at the church
was conducted by ex-Chancellor Bur-
wash, who was assisted by Chancellor
Bowles, Rev. Dr. Briggs and Rev. E.
B? Lancel The service atthe home,
was in charge of Rev. Dr. Cleaver,
Rev. Joseph Locke and Rev. E. B.
Lanceley,

—Several articles of particular inter-
est to Canadians appear in the March
Canpdian" Magazine. The first shows
that by the balance of trade in her
favor of Cannda has changed from a

, debtor nation into a creditor nation,
and that the year 1916 w the great-
est trade in the country's history. Dr.
J. D. Logan Yeviews Canadian, poetry
of the Great War, showing that Can:
sada has’ not beén” behind other coun-
iries In this- respect. Main Johnson
compares the, galety of London dur:
ing war time with the soberness of
Paris. Frank Yelgh contributes an
entertaining description of rural Que-
bee, with excellent {llustrations.
“Spring the Elusive” {8 a humorous
sketch by A. B. Brown. Patrick Mac-
Gill reviews the British army of to-
day. Lacey Amy describes the work
of the non-combatants at the Front,
and F. McKelvey Bell continues. his
entertaining clironicle. “The First
Canadians 1 Erance.” Francis Mills

. Turner, Jun. contributes an article

dofng to advance manufacturing, and
“Newton McTavish gives a sketch of
Stewart Lyon, the Canadian war cor-
respondént. .

| The Government Is desirous of rails:

Are r bands chapped
cracked, or sore? Have oe
“*cold cracks” which open and
+ ff bleed when the skin is drawn |
§ tight? Have yon a cold sore,
bite, or chilblains, which
timed makes it for
to go about your duties? If so,
Zanm-Buk will give you relief,
and will heal the frost-damsged

| Xiss PB. Strofsa, of East Hans-
ford, N.S., writes: “My hands
‘were £0 badly chapped 1 was un-
able to put them in water. All

remedies failed to. heal until I |

tried Zam-B ey :

dredge

Joseph Reaume’s business houses have
been improved with new awnings.

ing a few days with his sister, Mrs.

Uncle Sam; but at home. Detroit and

Jtrame.

"Pickering,
troit, is a

No. 9, at Detroit.
—F. P. Scratch, Arthur Kemp and

—J. Norvell Mullen has been spend-

H Gilman, Cleveland.
pe! 24 spend your money with

Port Huron are discounting Canadian
money at one to two per cent.
—Have you got & War savings cer
ticate? It not call on Postmaster
Park and he will accommodate you.
Every man should have at least one.

—If paper gets much more expens-
ive the women who are fond of osten-
tations display’ will do their hair up
in curl papers for the evenig, instead
of for the night.

—Good seed grain is likely to be
scarce this spring. If you have any to
sell, a line or two in The Echo will
be doing a good turn and bring you
a buyer at the same time.

—There has nearly always been a
good wife behind every great man; and
there is a good deal of truth in the
saying that a man can be no greater
than his wife will let him.

—Hon. Dr. Pyne, Minister of Educa-
tion, has promised that the price .of
school ‘books shall not be increased,
notwithstanding that the price of
paper is climbing all the time.

—Noble Trimble, son Charles and
son-in-law Earl Wyrick, of Fort
Wayne, In, were guests at Wiliam
Trimble’s over Sunday. They are
moving to Detroit to open a creamery
business.

—Here Is the latest war joke in Lon-
don vaudeville; A comedian comes on
the stage bearing a typewriter under
his arm. “What are you carrying?”
he is asked. “Be careful,” js the re-
ply, “this is one of Wilson's machine
guns.” Then the house roars.

—An urchin came into his mother
the other evening to say good night
The mother, to ward off a cold, had
taken na spoonful of brandy. The
urchin after kissing her, wrinkled his
nose and sald: “Oh, mamma, you've
been using papd’s perfumery, haven't
you?"

—James Ridsdale, a local veteran,
passed his 82nd birthday Saturday, and
is still in good health. Mr. Ridsdale
was employed as gardener at the
Fort, when the asylum wag located
there, and has the greatest fund of
historic lore of any man in Amherst.
burg concerning old times.

—Chanles McLean has purchased the
two Marontate houses, south side of
Park street, and is making a double
house out of the big house and giving
the whole three a thorough overhaul-
ing. He will either sell or rent them
after alr modern conveniences are in-

stalled. Read his ad. in the “For
Sale” column, hk
—The Ontario educational authori-

ties have sént out circulars to
|

the
ol teachers and inspectors
oughout the Province, urging them

SC!

t

to see that school plots are used
t year for the production of food-
stuffs, rather than ornamental shrubs
and flowers as in the past. They claim
that the children in this way will be
able to “do their bit” toward greater
praduction this year. ,

—In “reply to an inquiry by the On-
tarfo. License Board as to whether
Hquor can be carried with the Royal
mail, the Postoflice Department at
Ottawa has. replied that this could

not be done, as all stage mail con-
tracts forbid this. Commissioner J, A.
Ayrarst of the License Board stated
last week that the Comnssion would
insist that a hotel must have the re-
quisite arrangement for serving meals

and providing rooms to obtain a
standard license.
—The third annual convention of

the Ontario Brotherhood of Thresher:
men closed a three days’ session in
Sarnia, last” week. The convention
was voted one of the most successful
of its history, 300 delegates attending.
it-was decided to petition the Leglsla-
ture. to amend the “planking law”, so
us to compel municipalities to’ provide
plunks at each “bridge, in order to
obviate threshermen carrying them on
thelr outfits. ' The question of insur-
ance was discussed and a suggestion
brought= forward © that  threshermen
form ghelr own mutual insurance com-
peny, This propesition w lnld over
until’ next year. a

—Members of thie Domiinfon Cabi-
net declare that there {8 no truth in
the story'to.the effect that the Govern-
ment would put an embargo on the
export of) potatoes. The question has
not yet been considered by the Govern-
ment. Officials of the Department of
Agricnlture siate that there is no seri-
ous shortage of potatoes in Canada.
The present sccrcity Is local; rather
than general, and is attributed to the
transportation tie-up.of last month. In
a few weeks; n¥ soon as avajlable sup-
plies” ing Western “Canada and in the
Maritime Provinces can be moved by
freight, it ia predicted that the famine
at some points in Central Canada wil
be relleved, and the prices will drop to
‘something like normal.

~—In_schools “in ‘many towns and
cities the penny’ bank has been estab-
lished with good results, and it might
be taken up in the schools of Amherst-
burg. The practice of saving by schoal
children Is a, commendable one and
encourages thrift among the little onéa
that remains with them. as a rule in
the course of their future lives. This
war has brought home. to us all the
need of thrift and frugality, and the
habit of saving should be [nstilled in
the minds of the younger generation.

ing +$1,000,000 by this means, and (t

{15 fully. expected tht amount will be

rgalized” Will the children of Am-
herstburg do their share? We hope
80.

—Between now and
navigation vessel owners of the Great

4 Lakes mast spend approximately

$300,000 for the installation of new

‘culinary and nking water purifiers
lon all aa Gnklng, In

companies plying on the Great Lakes.

The order means that most of the

grandmother, Mrs. meay | fro
street. ails
. —Edward Fox, son of William Fox, | ord ;
heard the call of his cocntry and joln-{ for a "ret
ed tho colors at the local armories,
this week. :

—John B. Sullivan left this week to | cial
assist in fitting out dredge No. 7 of
the Great Lakes D. & D, Co., in Cleve-

L , or any member, of |
ficer or afficial thereof, nnd In particu |
land harbor. lar the sorrespondence between J. T.| -
—Alderman Crimmins has purchas- Yhites Sdicitor to the department of |.
ed the Young homestead, corner Rich. | the Proviscial Treasurer, and the Hon.
mond and King streets, from Paul Des- | Dr. J. O. Reaume, former Minister of
Jardins, for $1,000, Public Works. There is some fast
—Capt. Michael Mahon is having | scurrying fo cover and some of the
the sheds torn down in the rear of his | letters comecting departmental of |.
residence, Rankin avenue, and mak. | ficials, past and present, with the mat.
ing room for a big potato garden this | ter appear to be missing.
spring. eee Pe

P oilins Dark, who has been asaist- FORY MALDEN CHAPTER.
ant ewgineer and’ electrician at thy

waterworks for the past eight months,

The ‘financial statement of Fort
has resignéd to take charge of the |Malden Chapter, 1.0.D. E, presented
railroad * construction gang for the|at their anpual meeting recently, is
Solvay Process Co. ° very interesting. The total amount
—W. C. Regan, on Saturday, pur-|raised during the year from various
chased from a New Scotland farmer | enterprises such as teas, ‘the Cosy
22 hogs for $700.77. Who says it does | Corner, card parties, musicales, otc.
not pay to raise hogs? Mr. Regan] WAS the magnificent sum ef $1,064.82, |.
was at one time stationed at Harrow, | Which was expended as follows
buying hogs and produce. Donated to the ‘Maple Leaf Club, $20;
—Owing to criticism of his method | 8hare for colors presented to 99th
of handling the contagious discase in | Battalion, $42.71; donations to Queen's
Detroit, Dr. Wm. H. Price resigned | Field Ambulance, $256; Western Uni-
the office of Medical Officer of Health | Versity No. 10 Stationary Hospital,
Wednesday, and has been succeeded | $25: St. Dunstan's Hospital for: blind
by Dr. James W. Inches, of St. Clair. | soldiers, $10; Union-on-the-Lake hos-
—Fitting out of the Pittsburg Steam. | Pital, "$21.60; Red Cross, $65.59; to Y.
ship Company's whalebacks Cort and | M- C. A. fund, $26; Sailors’ fund, $5;
Rockefeller, to be sent north to batter | Prisoners of war, $12; comforts and
a channel through the Superior ice on | Parcels sent to soldiers during year,
the opening of the marine season, has | $210.34; expenses, $208.01; balance on
started at Lorain. The two vessels |hond, $384.67. This worthy patriotic
are being strengthened for the hard |30ciety of Indies have reason to be
fce-breaking task. proud of the success attending their
—Miss Mabel Grant, of the Gesto |oforts.
Public school teaching staff, and Miss WING |
Cora Grant, of the Leamington Public RAISE BORROW ING POWER NING
school staff, spent the week-end with

the latter's parents, Mr. and Mrs. John
Grant. Miss Mabel rendered a solo pool 3 bY Severin Dachuims xb

services Sunday morning. of members of the county councils of |

—The civic patriotic committee held | |
an enthusiastic meeting at th eBoard Yager a4 es on Tuesday waited off

McGarry, Provincial |
of Trade rooms in Windsor, last week
to consider plans for raising $150,000 Troagiral, (With (ie roquest ghat the}

at Bt. Andrews church anniversary |i, M.P.P. South Essex, a deputation | gibdeibiibbbbtibbbtdidbibbb bbb fbb

i WE HAVE IN STOCK

in Windsor for 1917. It was decided to
regommend to the city council that
three mills additional be placed in this
year's tax levy for patriotic purposes.
This would bring in $69,000, it is es-
timated. The balance will probably be
raised by popular subscription.
—Canada's new: war loan. Is to be
launched on March 12th. On that day
and during the period In which the
lists remain open the prospectus will
appear in all the press, Sir Thomas
Wiiite reiterates that We has notin
view any New York issue at present.

sum which these councils may vote
toward helping fprmers in the tile

drainage of their lands may be ratsed |

from an aggregote of $50,000 to $100,
000 in a year. It was pointed out to
the Provincial Treasurer that many of
the municipalities had already gone
beyond their borrowing limit, and they
wanted power to advance all the mon-

ey that farmers would require for the |

purpose of the draining.

“That seems to be a reasonable re-
quest,” sald Hon. Mr. McGarry. “It
is very simple if the municipalities
will take the risk.”

the opening of

p interstate
The order applies to ‘all ves-|
sels belonging tp Canadian steamship

bobbed ded Fi PIRI

dbdbet:

Any financing which may be found Another 2st wa v .
necessary in the United States will be no EE a tak py ja
arranged later in the year. It I8 oX-| provincial Treasurer said that he |

pected that the proceeds of the com-| oui discuss the matter with his col
ing loan will carry the Government |j.,gag,

until midsummer, but details as to the “We're giving you people money

amount or price-of the flotation willl 500 cheaply than we can get it our-
not be made public till the prospectus | sgjves. But we are going to continue
Is issued. to give it to you at five per cent.” he

—In County Court, Saturday, His |pqded. “Then we will go on increas-
Honor Judge Dromgole dismissed the |i our production,” said a member

charge of obtaining money under false | or vy0 deputation.

pretences brought by Mrs. Thomas = i
Waters, Malden river front, against | MAINTAIN SANCTUARIES !
FOR THE WILD BIRDS

Charles Pulford, formerly of this town.
At the trial Friday afternoon, Mrs.
Witers testified that Pulford obtained | Government Asked to Move Along this
$500 in loans from her by represent- Line by Canadian Society.

ir limself as the owner of property. {
The transaction was made, she said,| Describing the wild life of Canada

in the presence of lier husband. Sub-|as one of our most valunble resonrces
sequently It was discovered that Pul- [and drawing attention to the treaty
ford dfd not own the property. The |Dbetween Great Britain and Canada
defence contended {hat Pulford had |for the protection<of migratory birds,
done everything within his power to | the Canadian Society for the Protec-
discharge his obligation én the notes. | tion of Birds at its annual meeting re.
Pulford was Interested in an. experi- | corded itself as strongly in favor of the
ment in his machine shop and wanted | establishment by the Federal Govern-
the money to carry out some plans, it | ment of sanctuaries for wild birds at
wag declared. - [health made it {m-|Folnt: Pelee, the Island of Bonaven-
possible for him to keep up.payments, | ture and Perce Rock, lo be adequately
— maintained for all time.

“A remarkable enterprise is” being
carried on by Jack Miner on the
grounds of his ‘tlin_f{zetory in Esex
county in providing ponds and food,

The proposition to utilize backyards | shelter and sanctuary for migratcry
and vacant lots in the towns and cities | water fowl and useful birds,” is the
all over the country for potato patches Opening paragraph of = second reso-
and other vegetables In, order to is. |lution, which further s.ates tant these
crease the ‘food supply is catching on | birds are the quarry of mean apd sel-
and it Is expected that everyone will igh shooters. The association ex-
be doing it. ~W. T. Gregory has made | Presses its approval of Jack Miner's
the commendable suggastion that boys’ | enterprise and its sympathy with him
potato: clubs be organized all “over | in his difficulties with his antagonistic
Canada. He says boys’ corn clubs, | neighbors, and asks. the Provincial
which he helped to organize In North | Government to establish Jack Miner's
Carolinn, were a great success and | place as a sanctuary for wild brids
‘resulted in Increasing, the corn pro- for all times and seasong. »

duction of the state from 50 to 100 per |, pg 3 A Smith, Windsor, collector of |
cent. Boys" corn and swine clubs | customs, announces, t& he ‘did some
have been a great success in IlMnols. | ima ago, that | automobile drivers |
and there is no reason why Canadian | from Detrojt and elsewhere who seek
Boys cannot maké a success of pota- | yqmigsion (ntorCanada at the Windsor | &
to and vegetable growing, from which | nore “must submit identification cards |
they would derive a revenue and atlin rogard to their machines. This |
the same time be doing their bit to|yrecaution is to be taken because of
assure a good supply which Canada’) deception which the collector says
and Britaln are §6 much n'need of In | wus practised by some Waited States
the great struggle in which they now |iourists in the past: «
are engaged. c -

It i8 proposed to offer several prizes 7 - 9
What AilsYou!?
amep——

toencourige the'boys in the work. The
club idea has been fayorably received,
Have Ars become nunpdown, weak,
emaciated, pole after o long sicge of

and already action has been taken to
form organizations in many places
Does the skin sliow that the
LE

Hi

LEAMINGTON STARTS
BOYS’ ORGANIZATION
FOR POTATO GROWING

S BREAD PEPPER

He Arbedeb Fd debbie d de ddub ddd dk MOTHE!

£
3
g
|

throughout Ontario.
To start a club in Lenny

ington, on:

secroldry;
Campbell, BE. H.
( Jackso, J. A, Campbell, I:

erlug $26 08 the first
Il offer i=
wi wi ote»

Fm ms == a

On account of its Fine granulation it
dissolves instantly making a clos a 8

2 &51b.cartons, 10, 20& 100 1b. sacks

read: E ing child
ten is worth more to the growing (+
Cgc Sny CURTIS BREAD is

good bread, It supplies all the elements necessary to sus-

11 other
tain life. Were it not that a change is desirable a
. Made from extra quality

palatable

than the meat—if it is good bread.

food might be dispensed with.
flour and baked in modern ovens; wholesome,

and nourishing. ¥
It’s excellent food for grown-ups, too.
once, you'll never forget it.

At your grocer's, from our wagons, or by phoning us.

W. F. CURTIS.

Try a loaf |

The Model Bakery PHONE 76 Amherstburg, Ont

SHINGLES, LATH. CEDAR POSTS, BARN
BOARDS, JOISTS, MOULDINGS OF ALL KINDS
DOOR SASH, WOODEN EAVETROUGH, RUB-

BEROID ROOFING, BEAVER BOARD.
Place your order with us and save mcney.

JOHN FRASER
Planing Mill and Lumber Yard,

AMHERSTBURG, ONT.

REAL ESTATE.

* Several camfortable dwellings located
FOR SALE on best residential strets, to close an

estate. r
Dwelling, Dalhousie St. Cellar and

TO RENT bath, Nicely decorated. Cottage on
Maple Ave.

SW. T- WILKINSON, --
) INSURANCE ano REALYESTATE. e
Plidne 97 “AMHERSTBURG

————————————— Tt 4 ft ee en

POTATOES

'NEAL'S famous

at the same old price of 5 and 10 cents'a loaf?

producable.

Yours for Quality, Service and Satisfaetion.

‘May be selling at 10c each before next summer, but why
should you worry, so long as you may continue to buy

And then don’t overlook the quality—the very finest

Start right in now. Phone 59. We will do the rest.

|

doped drb bobbed dob biedk MOTHER'S BREAD vol besbbeohofentechece deohehchocbb eke

EAL BAKING CO

Phone 59

For sale In Amherstburg at J. H:
Son's, G. F. Girardin's, A. J. Burns’ and Silas Allen's;
Sold In Harraw. hy W. R. Boyce & Co,
_and G. Langls: & Sen.

pad
o/ MA LADIES COLLEGE
OPENS ITS THIRTY-SIXTH
. ~ YEAR ON SEPTEMBER
TWELFTH: NINETEEN
a ~ HUNDRED & SIXTEEN

| For calendar and terms: RL. Warmer: M.A. DID. Ama College, St Thomas, One

WER
there is occasion to send a

iment that it. can onl
“ae C ) matantly

itd
WINDSOR = 81-37 Salter Ave

Lovegrove's, G. T. Florey &
In McGregor by Beuglet Bros.

{ 2

Foddob ddd ddd ddd bbb ddd bbb bbb bh bbbd

Fdobdeb ddd Phd hdd bE REE QVIYE SIHIHLOW FF dd ddd ddddddddbiitd

TEE 3 - 4
2 ap¥ w Eu
5.2 «28-28
Era 2 82
am am aAom am
700 716 815 6.16
9.00 9.16 10.16 8.15
11.00 1115 pm. 10.16
p.m. p.m 1216 p.
100 116 216 ET
300 316 4.15 215
600 6516 616 435
600 616 7.16 615-
700 716 816 TRIG
8.00 816 916 8.45
33% 9.46 10.46
a.m,

1340 bt

ilo

A SURGEON i
IAA NB URGRON des
ner

‘and Surgeons, Ontario,
d Apaloy streets, opposite Town Hall
mnorstburE. —.

RB. H. ABBOTT, M.D,
AND BURG!
C Queon's University,
joiuns and Su
tro (oppos
Amherstburg.

"DR. T. JANES PARK.
HYSIUTAN AND" BURGEON;
burg, Ontario,

WM. A. McDONALD, M.B.
Eye, Ear, Nose and_ Throat,
CONDULIAT ION {dos 2
Sadly

78 Victorin Avenue’ 188
WINDSOR - - ONTARIO

DR. A. E. STEWART, .
HYSICIAN AND 8URGEON, Graduate of
Toronto University. Office, “
fu, i spite Ue aL, Coober
Telephone, 201e. rE mo
——— edb

DR. W, C. DOYLE, ILD
Da

given:

FRANKLIN A. HOUGH, B.A,
ARRISTER Solicitor, No! Hoveh hoa:

voyancer, &c.© Office :
Dalhousiestreet, Amherstburg. 83~Money te

loan, -
2a FRED, H. A. DAVIS,
"ER, Solicitor, Notary. Publle, Con-
Bl omneer i icy” Bally i:

BARTLET & BARTLET;

BARRISTERS Bollcitors, &c. Offices fn the
Davis Block, Wi . Monoy 40 loan.
ALR R. A iy ¥4ican,

WALTER G, BARTLET, BA., LLB,
GEo, A. URQUHART, hoa Ln:

RODD, WIGLE & McHUGH,

ARRISTERS, SOLICITORS, ETO. J, H.
Rodd, B.A .'L I; B, County Crown At-
torney aud Clerk of the Peaeo forthe Count;

of Essex EK 8, Wigle, B.A K. C.; Td
McHugh, Omoes Victoria Blook, Windsor.

DAVIS & HEATLY.
BARRISTERS, SULISTERS, NOTARI
Wi

ES,
Ete, Money to Loan.
y Bie, oney to n. Medley ulock,

F.D. Davis. B. A. A. F. Healy. of

JAMES B. McLEOD.

ARRISTER, SOLICITOR; Ete.
Building, Windsor, pid
loan on farm property at lowest current rates

W. A. SMITH, LL. B.

froteoboobe odode diel bebe dob bb bb db ROVINCIAL Land Surveyor and County

J. J. NEWMAN,

IVIL ENGINEER AND ONTARIO LAND
SURVEYOR. Drain
Fleming Block, Wingo one TE Sapeeiaity

CHARLES BELL,

LERK of the Ath Division Court, A
C sovernl drst olass Fire and a Laat for
Companies, Money loaned on en terms.
Conveynnelng done carefully und promptly

Ome, Harrow, which ;
fil from 11am. to 5 oH Nery Tochout,

Land Saturday; P. O. address Oxley. Te

& ATKIN

T1GENSKD Austioneers for Hisox@0anty No

OfMce ht Harmw, Oltario.
CHARLES CLARK, * GEonok ATkIN.
o. RENAUD; |

JCTIONEER, A ons
made at any time. he for oe

or le 5 i
to him op address Aner BO apply

FRANK E. SINASAC,
| Bahan of Marriage Lizenses fof the Count:
of Essex and agent for The Agrioult:

Loan Co, of London. Lonus of ul estate
reasonable rates. Dnata Teil : "

JOHN READMAN,
SSUER of Marriage Ll
[¥ of Enver Iarringe Liothueaton the Connty

ah
High Class Monuments a Specialty.

LEAMINGTON,
Granite and Marble Works

C. A. CULLEN, Proprictar, *
Write for Prices. y

Phone ZH LEAMINGTON." ONT

Funeral Directors

House of quality.
Auto equipment when desired.

148 Ouellett
Dpelle Ae WINDSOR. Ont

3. W.& A.

WINTER TIME TABLE. oy

Cars run on Eastern Standard Time.

In Effect October 10th, 1916.
fg#

[Non - N-E—d

RAILWAY © |

PANS mann Se pp em 4 a ee ae

To]

pun | 2)

Zr
