   

 
  

 

 
 
 
  
   
  

 

 

 

 

 
  
  
 

   
  
 

 

  
  
     
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
   
 

 
   
    
 

 

    
    

 

    
     

 

    

 

 

 
   
  
 

 

R. B. SAMUEL, Manager, WW. 8 FALLS, Manager,’
+ Amherstburg Branch.

| 8)

it Lari iel Ee
: te In olassified column one
As No © loss than 260. The entire first, American expedit-
o iment Boor! words or under, | jonary force landed in France, without
i»
| mishap, Wedneadny night.
ALE—T0DA lants. RK. F.
d mi an Comiession, Maiden, were four continge
| BALE—Sow and b pigs. Ap Apoly 0 | not known outside of
5 GLYNN CLARK, Humow, Phone 62-43.  |circles that this hs
“FOR SALE—A g g r
—- ; SEE ! : ARTHUR CANGLOIS, Yorth Mulden, Phong | inshed over the seas:
airy . —— pa eo were convoyed by: allied battleships.
CAPITAL AND RESERVE $8,800,000 oon a No Fri, nite h cows. AP | Phe Americans were given a wonder-
c oe L milo south of McGregor ful ovation by the French people.
‘ \ “FOR SALE—Harse § VoArs old, Food
0 96 Branches in Canada Arivem and a ARR quiet, Apply
o f . J. STOCKFORD, HarroW.
x A General Banking Business Transacted FOR BALE—73 bushes of Food Tuck: (SET CLOCKS AHEAD
* wheat seed at £2 per Buse], has HOMASH
13 H CIRCULAR LETTER} OF CREDIT Dealippe, Phone 186-15, Amherstburg, Ont.
o i “BANK MONEY ORDERS JOR BALE-Charies Unénhotes and 0005 | Tho daylight saving, measure wil)
: Apply'Mns. Guoncia BovLe. Rankin Ave. \
: . Amherstburg. Ont SL |at midnight on Sunday.
x 1 3 SAVINGS BANK DEPARTMENT : VOR SALE-Cheup wd Git sha Loris orto | BAL No, 82'as passed by the House of
» < ound sma h |
| 5 H H mega Sensei H. A. Davis, | Commons
: t J) highe reo 2 Amherstburg, Ont i
Intsree: allowsd a ah ot cu rate : “FOR BALE—BIAGE mare 7 years oid, | this act ia In force the time, for gen-

    

Front. Phon
Ul one 140 ded — | time."

“FOR SALE— Sey Digs,
old, both Sexes; "Bred from registored

   
  

Kingsville Branch.

wwssemanne

Malden P. 0, "Phone 140-4.

“FOR €—Lot 23, oil the south side of
Fort Street, Amberstburg. containing over

    
    
    
  

 
 
  
 
  
 
 

 

old; open rubber tired rig: about

 

chester
ur Durhan calves coming east,

ears old hd 1wo yearlings. Also one [RIght,
HIE cow. eight Soars old with two | $4,000.

     
   
 
  

Electric Lights

Our electricians know how to do the work economically

condition. - Apply to E, J artin, Harrow,
R, BR. No, ar phone

  

Township

   
  
  
 
 
  

and out-buildings in good repair. Nover
failing well. Ton minutes walk will take To
it

 

  
 
 
  
  
 

 

NY property at LuKerville, comprising store

4 : 8 Jo; grain
‘vator, Pil oil gasoline en-
ine In goo 0 8-ton scales.
ontrally, located on County road, connect-
ng Windsor and Amherstburg. Well as-
Jackie stogk. Immediate J
i on premises, FRED; ROC

 
    

    

Miss SULLIVAN'S REAL ESTATE AGENCY

Phone 200, Amherstburg.

2—All kinds of housss and lots in
: also river front property ;
farms in Maiden and Anderdon o

oo terms. Apply MAky SULLY.
root Pi 0. Box 35. “Amthorstburs.

% BOAL--Crrstnut
GOAL-Ece wy,

— rr

Delivered to any part of Town and Country.

Office and yards at Gordon Station, River Front,
Anderdon; ;

  
 
 

corn,

YY rv rr rYYdYyrryirYT rTP Yy vy

 

 

 

n
o i

  
 
   

 

 

Anderdon, Aiea, Good bh best of
and. neas schoal, can give poss
For particulars. apply to 3M
Fort | Etrobt. Amherstburg, Ont.

ORBALE- — Brick dry goods store 25)

  

 

   
 
  

   

r

- LS GATFIELD COAL G0.

grocery addition 24x, refrigerator and store-
rooms ; 2 storey barn ; stable, 2 box and {
single stalls, bugey hou! Tnrgo loft ; & dwoll:
in Miss Bunty orathurg,

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

OFFICE 212
Phong RESIDENCE [84

 
 
     
    
 
    
 

the Pike; well drained; well fenced: one

EU A LL I

EEE E|

He
13
|i
i
|
Si:
1i
14
JE
Siig
bi:

 

particulars MARYS SULLY.
a rt Hee JLT PO. Boy Jey,
"FOR AR "Of tp NNest new niod-
orn _fiouses fn Amberstburg, on ong of the pi

  

re p—

. RE “SUMMER INVITES You. -

 
 

ff. frontage, 203 ft. deep; Nine barn

  
   

 
  
 

 

 

  
  
 
  
 

property in the eounty

bod rooms, now farnace. all hard wood floors,
two aores of Jand. one hundred and thirty-feet

Lawn and Verandah Chairs.

     
    
  
    
     
      
      
      
    
  
  

‘also fruit orchard. Right on car line. Good
Amhersthy 0. Box 85.

 

108 acros good trame house, 18x28 kitchen 20x

  

24x), horse stable Nx, hon house, woll
built. bored well, pig pon, good fonces half}
mile from school. two markets all kinds of
ohdrched, 18 or 2) acres fall wheat and rye,

    
 
  
 

terms, apply

So mhorath arg, P. 0. Bax 8S

 

stairs; bathroom, hot water tank, electric

      

Auld P.O. FPnono 16
FOUND

distance north of Lukerville, on way to

      
   
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
 
 

  

 

; Another Shipment WHITE SEWING MACHINES just arrived. Brows fof tl = 2

E
: The few Sart ARTED—u hand, J. 0 NOTCHIN i
,

 

4300 to {600 pounds, % 10 years of

   
    
  
  
  
 
 
 
   

“ Newéombe Dianes age.the Best

 

LOST. . pate.

 

   
   
  

‘Look tr | Save your money!

Don't throw away al all your shoes !|
I make th an repair look |
ike new.

‘repairing business opened | [SEHR
"ay rect two = As : ISSR | tior

  

 

roR SALE PERSHING ARMY IN| FRANCE

 

There
ta in all,’ Tt was
cial Washington | mémorate, by special services, the fif-
had satled un-
unity of tabasco plants, | til the news of their safe arrival was | of the Provinces of Canada. The pro-

The transports

— ee  ———

SUNDAY MIDNIGHT

 

come into effect throughout Canada
Clause 2 of

reads; —"Duoring the pre-
deribed period in each ‘year fn which

driver.” WII sell or trade for work horse. (gral purposes In Cmnada, shall be one
Apply to. FRED GERARD, Nulden RIVer | pour yn “advance of the solar. meah

 

Stock. “Apply FOREST LARAMIE, North |\NCENDIARY SUSPECTED
IN BAD WINDSOR FIRE

—
Iwo acres. Fairly good house. fruit bear- | Home of Friendless. Threatened by

BRIGHTEN THE . ‘HOME. | fo tves pol Behn MAISEY, Fort Blaze, Which Destroye

aC EAE Swag o Ngane origin. completely dentioyed the ex-

Coal Yard.
incendiary

= ols seed Buckwheat; polled Angus bull 1 |tenslye coal sheds and, coal yards of

Have your home wired for Jour old. “Apply W. F. CORNWALL, Bol | Louls Kaplan; an Wynndotto street
sx - Windsor, at 11 o'tlock Tuesday

entailing a loss; estimated at

months’ old calf by her side. All In good |” The Home of the Friendless, which

adjoins the
threatened by flyingiémbers and Mat-
fnnous time with

Kaplage. buildings,

] [}
1920) 2 of nice «ion, ndjoining | ron Morphy had a

J Bar Polat Park (Iate McBride Farm.) 15ncres |g ‘dozen or; more aged fnmntes, whom
Electric Irons and Toasters In clover; 8 acres timothy. Falr sized house | opie vongad from bediand sent ont into
the streets fully dressed, as it was
the institution: would go. Good

tburg | Work by the firemén'kept the fire from
{aplan block. *

At prices “that will make you want them. to any parva farm. Fencing fn (alr condilon. | feared

X FOR BALE_—Genoral store business and | extending outside the
oe —————

nd iin ele. | CROPS IN ONTARIO
GENERALLY APPEAR
OF "GOOD PROMISE

 

Following is a summary of the week-
1y crop reports made by district repre
Windsdr P. 0. Telephone 147-23: |i 101ives to the Ontario Department
of Agriculture.

During the past week considerable
potatoes, turnips,
wheat and millet were put in,
work being only partially
with by the rain: and ‘the scarcity of
good farm help, Tobacco and tomato
JOR SALE-On ] 5 farms in {Planting were also vigorously pushed
Spring grain flelds are looking
Fall wheat. continues
to improve, and 18 beginning to head
wut, | cut, as is miso winter rye,
full basement; 12 room residence. fing; Early roots look well,
pianted more récently are finding a
good seedbed; potates are vigorous
in growth and never. promised better

FOR BALE—ONe of thp Nnest farms in [at this stage.

Malden, consisting of 78 acres: FEDS on | pyuiires are most: inviting, fr ap-
koh the grass
regarding the
{he way from
frud elaver is
ane-third ‘ing bloam and soma
Dost siroets near river; 9 rooms; big Jot, 73 | will be cutting this week.
fruit free Close to town. Poss ‘tne milk flow is at high tide and
T0 ENJOY OUR OUR OFFERINGS. will be given at once. ier leaving. | cream gatherers
town. For particulars. ly to MAF than usual, as much of the surpluy ‘s
SULLIVAN, Fort Street, An aherstbure.  P.|hajng turned into butter.
tories «are nlso being warked hard

Lawn Swings. Lawn -and Porch Benches. |fon sate=om if oo fist ferent | 00 0 Wout Bo gram i ;

beans, buck-

interfered

fine condition.

those

of the Nnest houses, with soft and hard | pearance and live &
water In tho ne: good outbuildings. For | gro thriving. Bs

hay crop run
i fg t to 'n “ful yi

 

   

have bigger loads

Cheeso fac-

house 0 rooms. not including hall or bath : five | stated that ore farmers are no.
tening the growth of their pigs, ©
frontage ou river, runs to channel bank. Fine [that this wid) come on later. The de-

garage and ono of the finest lawns to be found mand for brood sows, however, Is sald

terms. Apply to MARY Spruvay, Fort St. [tO be very great.
Am) us, The keen competition In the waol
JOR SAL eof the best farma in County | market 1s the leading, feature , of the
first Concession Colchester South, 105 or | gheep industry. Dufferin reports wash-

10, wood shed or summer kitchen, barn exes |€d wool as bringing as ‘high as (

srainory and cow house, 22x30, machine shed ficents a pound.
——

THE LONDON SYNOD,

 

     
     
 
    
   

Pkeve miles from Oxl ha Dik summer resort. | The annual meeting of the Synod of
a fivopossession bY | the diocese’ of Huron was, held at
bi Hr SULLIVAN for particulars, Fort Bt, | Bishop Cronyn Hall in London last

_ | week. The Synod opened with n ser-

vice In ‘the Cathedral at which the

— 6 RENT ——— |R.ev. F, H. Cosgrove, B.D., of Trinity
ply as Echo: Omeo. / * College, was the special prencher,

YO RENT—House on Murray = sirsei the Wednesday evening . missionary
Ambersibirg; few steps from  streoy | gesajon the speakers were the Rev. C.
oar Mine; 7 rooms, 3 bedrooms, ong GOWN~ | nem rnnal) Principal of the Mohawk
Brantford; the Hon. Mr.

    
     
    
    
      
  
   
 
 
 
 
  
 
   

t in every room: window shades re- | Institution,
le with house, oS pLy to. ELI DURE, | JWatice Hodgins, and Paul Shimmon,

Pérgopal representative jof Mar Shim-

UR, Patriarch of the Assyrian church.

HEADQUARTERS | FOR CAMP’ OUTFITS | pups oeoscors=—Frites 35am | i, Foperts prosoniod to, tho Synod

 
      
   
  
 

being

$30.4 00 In eosss of the receipts of
e question of allowing

WANTED. WOMEN to vote at thesvestry meetings

was foAin before the Synod. Op sev-
D—Man 10 assist in making tile; eral f0Fmer occasionssthis matter has
Afacussed and voted down, but

: R.
* THE KEMP FURNITURE C0. [i= nsianic
A ure.
iy RNTRD-—K cirToun™or_orsss — this Hine by an almost unanimous vote

Hammocks and Hammock Couches. iwi, os CHAE Lied Tri Ina touristing condition
Yoar.

    
  

   
 
 
 
 
   
  
 

L 8 Synod’ awarded the women the
J. H. SUTTON, Manager. ago. . Must ho. enun oad saued aa. in (Privilege of the franchise at vestry

fair condition. PES DRUMMOND, Har- | meetiiigy on the same conditions as
Phone 53. Ambersthurg moll. ~~ Another matter before the

fh
Synod Wagithe extension of the. episcos

The diocese of Huron embraces
—LoRvHigvemn Hetweon Ainheratbure and Loam- | 13 counjfas- of Western Ontario

a . ington, Jikoly on She “Pike,” two weeks which 8¥g 170 parish
: der pl {] parighes and the episco-
EW. SHOE 0 E S HO P! it SA Th BE a

 

 
   
 

the dlocese have
such an extent that they are

 

grown to
® | almost be¥and the power of ane bish-
ort time it
b Hlivide the,
t bishop.
in no nn-
by unanimous eis a ting

0) ‘nssen
he cine of te cOnsCHp-|
Bathurst street iN id ab ~f4oy rom ag 2p

in pti

Syiod express
ay on the subj

Dominion

 

PROCLAIMS ‘JULY FIRST
CONFEDERATION SUNDAY

 

The Lieutenant-Governor in Council
has issued a proclamation to the citi-
| zens of Ontario, calling them to com-

tieth anniversary of the Confederation

   
   
  
     
 
  
    
     
  

clumation fn part is as follows:

“We hereby proclaim Sunday, the
first day of July next, as a day of
solemn and religious recognition by
our people for the benefits and bless-
ings they have been vouchsafed by
Providence to us a8 a Dominfon. We
roquest that all churches and Sanday
schools and associations of a like
character do commemorate the occa-
sion.

“We do further proclaim Mondey,
July 2nd, as a day for the purpose of
public and patriotic demonstrations
of the devotion of our people to the
notional institution of ideals. For
that purpose we call upon all munici-
pal authorities to co-operate with the
various educational and patriotic or-
ganizations in arranging local demon-
strations in suitable places and we
request all citizens to give hearty
support and countenance to the move-
ment."

It was further urged that a liberal
use be made “of flags and suitable
decorations in order that the jubilee
of Confederation might testify to’ the
patriotism and loyalty of all Can-
adians.

   
 

    
       
   
  

MRS. H. A. BAILEY
SERVES AFTERNOON TEA

 

Dainty and delightful was the after-
noon ten served at the home of Mrs.
H. A. Bailey, Sandwich “street, “on
Wednesday last. Several members of
Christ church Parish Guild poured tea
and It proved one of the very pleasant.
est functions the hostess hans yet giv-
en. The program was of the sbest
talent in town. Miss Harris, of De-
troit, sang two numbers in her well-
known style, while Miss Pulford, al-
ways charming, responded with a sec-
ond selection. ‘Miss Price, always a
welcome visitor, sang very sweetly.
Miss Florey and Mrs. Robert Hamil

ton at their best,” were happy in their ;

cholce of selections, as thelr numbers
were heartily encored. Mrs. Park;
Miss. Symonds, Miss Inez Abbott and
Miss Callam, in splendid voice, ended
an unusually good 1 program.

ONTARIO wooL
BROUGHT GOOD PRICE

 

R. W. Wade, director of the live
stock branch of the Provincial Depart-
ment of Agriculture, announced that
record prices for Canada were rocely-
ed for the wool collected by the On-
tario Sheep Breeders’ Association at
Guelph and sold by tender last Satur-
day. The “wool, which was the first
to be graded before sale in the pro-
vince, averaged high in quality, and
was all of strong fibre, and represents
approximately 412 per cent. of “this
season's ollp for the province. The {ol-

lowing, are the prices as secured for |! ¥

tuo various grades: Flog medium'y,

      
       
  
 
      
        
  
  
  
   
   
  
   

combing, 3,500 Ts, 67c.; medinm]*

combing, 80,000 Ihs,, 66c.; low medium
combing, 62,000 Ibs. 63 1-8c.;jcoarse,
90,000 Ths, 657¢.; lustre, 4,300 hs,
b7¢,; rejects, 8,200 hs. 60c.; gray and
black, 1,200 46c.; locks and pleces,
600 Ms, 34c.; tags, 4500 Ibs, 28c.;
and a small lot. of washed wool at 78c.

“ANDERDON. -

 

 

 

Ruth Botsford {8s home for the holl-
days.

Gilbert” Dupuis, of the bth® con., is
decorating the roof of his house a la
rouge. :

Fred, and James Mayville spent
week-end with their brother he
at West Lorne.

Mrs. W. J. Hurst, of Marine City,
was visiting her sister, Mrs. Jerry
Fryer, the past week, _

Harry Delisle's tiling machine has
been ont of commission for a fow
days, due to a bent shaft.

Raymond Vigneux and friend, Migs
Pearl Abbott, of’ Windsor, motored to
Anderdon Sunday and spent the day
with Mr. and Mrs. Joseph. Vigneux.

Two horses, standing together in a
pasture on the farm of D. F. Bezaire,
Loiselleville, were struck by light-
ning and (nstantly killed during the
severe storm which swept over this

valued nt $400 by their owner

We are pleased to note the inaugur-
ation of a real up-to-date taxi service
to Windsor, leaving Joa. Vermette's
corner, 6th con.,.at 6 a.m. and 4.30 p.
m. Mr. Vermette haying secured a
driver's - license, will “endeavor to
merit the patronage of the travelling
public.
Denis Knaggs, one of Anderdon’s
most progressive farmers, 8 exhibiting
with pride 66 acres of fall wheat
which is one of the. strongest proofs
that drainage and fertilization pays
richly in the growth of the crop. Mr. |
Knaggs dowed fertilizer - with his
whole crop until ft came to the last
row, when the fertilizer ran out. .The
untreated row is fully a foot shorter
than that which received the plant
food, and is the kind of evidence that
tho more ona. puts into a’ field, the |
more one gets out of. It.

The Measuring Party, given by the
Church: Workers of Trinity church on;
Wednesday evening, largely at
tended and enjoyed by all. Mr. Rey-|
‘nolds, the magician, of indi: kept
the audionce entertained and mysti-
fled with bis wonderful aleight-of-hand,
performance. Miss Pearl Ward, Mrs.

: atl oo Rad ly
he ator han the fig ;

o. TT aubataptiol lunch HIV:
a Vi easan even.
! eluded wi Ag I An:

district Monday, The animals were |.

THE FALLS-BARRON Co.

Insurance and RealEstate

 
 

“FORM AS THE SPENDING HABIT.

: omy when “saving {8s a national duty.”

HARDWARE

: | | Glass,

  
   
   
   
    
  
 

  
 
  
  
 
   
     
     
     
 
    
 
      
      
    
      
     
 
  

 

Get Your Coal in Now
While we have the Supply.

 

 

   
      
 
  
  
  
       
     
   
 

A Wise Man learns how to
SAVE his Moneywhile he is
learning how to MAKE it.

    
  
 
       
 
     
    
   
     
   
  
   
  
 
    
    
 
 
   
 
     
    
   
    
 
  
     
        
      
   
  
  
     
    
    

By this sign, young man, you may know the
amount of your wisdom. 3 a

   
 
 
   
  

THE, SAVING HABIT IS AS EASY TO

   
  
 
  

WHY NOT FORM THE HABIT THAT
WILL DO YOU SOME GOOD? %

  
 
 
 
  

    
  
   
  
   
  

. i ; i "
Wherever you find Ford cara and Ford service, you find
SATISFIED FORD OWNERS—men who appreciate the car

for its quick starting, its easy control, its simplicity and
its extraordinary capacity for hard work. ™

The phenomenally large sale of Ford cars is .the direct
result of Ford SERVICE and Ford SATISFACTION.

‘For, satisfaction is ns universal as the Ford car itself.
Doctors, lcwyers, salesmen, bakers, grocers and farmers
. all prafse the Ford—all are satisfied.

Its low cost appeals to them. fa unususlly low upkeep

 
 

   

cost ‘pleases them. Its sturdy. steady, service-giving char
acter wins them and satigfles thém. Even the wealthy,
prefer to drive Ford cars rather than bot] or with the cost:
ly, cumbersome limousine and chauffeur. It means econ-

Ford satisfaction is just as valuable as uphalstery, or a
fancy finish, Ask any Ford owner about it.

If you intend to buy a Ford, Place your order with the
nearest dealer,

  
 
    
  
 
 
 
  
   

  
  
  
 
   
  
 
  

Kemp Furniture Co.
Amherstburg, Ontario.

 
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
   
   
   
    
 
  
  
 

 
  

  
   
    
  
  
   

 

Building Hy avdivare
Paints, Oils,

    
   
 
