    
  
  

 

    

NO NEW COAT FOR BINDLE

   
 
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
   
  
 
   
   
  
   

 

Moths Play Leading Role In Se:
asona.
ble Tragedy, All In Favor of the

- | Lucky Wifey.
“I wonder whether I must wear that
i .

last winter's coat again this ge 2

mused Bindle as he dragged tite trios

wt of the closet and into the light of
ay.

“I am afrald you will!” exclaimed
Mrs. Bindle. “That's a perfectly good
coat. I don't remember seeing you in
one that looked nicer on you. It al-
ways had such stylish lines. It made
you look so boyish, don't you know!”

“No, I don't know,” replled Bindle
sadly. “I had my eye on one of those
new fashioned military effects—with
the belt attached and all that.”

“Why, my dear!” snid Mrs. Bindle,
“a man in civil life has no excuse for
trying to look like a drum major. If
he wants a military cut, there is just
one place to do It.”

“I get you!” sald Bindle. “And If
9 I Bave to wear that last year's over-
_ . coat again, I'd just as moon jo

MR. P. H. MCHUGH army—a whole > sooner.” fan. ge
108 Church Street, Montreal, Bale Chika the lid of the trunk

5 and fell back In astonishment.
December 10th, 1917. “Look! Wife, come quick!” he
“I wnsa great sufferer from RAenm- | shouted. “Ah, here is some of your
atism for over 16 years, I consulted efficiency for you. Gaze downward at

      

 

specialists, took medicines, used | this thriving moth village In our lttle

Jotions ; but nothing did me good. trunk of winter things. How did this
Then, I began to use “Fruit-a- happen?”

tives” ; and In 15 days, the pain was “Don't know. Can't see how a

casier and’ the Rheumatism was | Moth: got In—tho trunk was locked.”
better. Gradually, ‘“Fruit-a-tives” One of 'em had a key, I suppose,”

: hd sald Bindle. “Didn't I tell you last
overcame my Rheumatism; and now, | gq] to put some tobacco In the trunk
for five years, I have ‘had no return

for the moths?"
of the trouble. Also, I had severe “Yes, dear, but I wasn't sure of the
Eczema and Constipation, and

kind of tobacco they liked. You didn't

'Frult-a-tives” relieved me of thesa | say whether smoking or chewing."
complaints ; and gave me a good “There you are,” sald Bindle, bring-
appetite ; and in every way restored ing forth a near-seal coat of his wife's
me to health”. JP. H. MCHUGH. | from the depths. “Tour heat garment
: sho of holes. gu! at con
60c. a box, 6 for $2.00, trial size 250. | would last you for the next seven
At dealers or sent post paid on | years. That's what you sald when

receipt of price by Fruit-a-tives you bought 1t.”
Limited, Ottawa, Ont, g “But there is a new style on the
—_— | market this year! I'm just as well
2 pleased that the moths made merry
with this one. I really want ajcoat
of the new aviatrix model.”

Sugar Order. Each time that Hindle came up for
y In exercise of the powers conferred - ir he brought something else that the
upon it by order of His Excellency, ' moths had feasted on. Mrs. Bindle's
the Governor General In Council, dated two winter sults were peek-a-boos.
thio 12th day of March, 1918, P.C. 596, ' Her sweater jackets and sport coats
and of all other powers enabling, the | wore reduced to skeletonized form.
Canada Food Board hereby orders:— mqpe last thing to coméiout of the fil-
Notwithstanding anyiing gonial fated trunk was Bindle's last winter's

ed In any other orders of the Canada overcont. He held It up—perfect!

Food Board:—
~ ¥ RY “Thank goodness for that!” cried
y 1. (a) No Public Eating Place (ex prot glad It was my

a C le.
cept Soda Fountains or Ice Cream Par Mrs, Bindle.
lors) shall'use more than two pounds. things those awful moths ate instead

ot sugar for every ninety meals ‘of yours, Meredith, Tll have to get

served. i an entire new outfit and you, lucky
(b) No proprietor of a Soda Foun- poy, can wear that coat another seas

tain or Ice Cream Parlor shall after gop "Chicago News.

September 30th, ‘1918, use more than ©

9 or 8 E—

25 per centum of the average monthly Youngsters Love Soldiers.

amount of sugar used during the year
= The old saying that “all the world

1917.
2. ‘No person shall use in the man- loves a lover” might be'changed these

ulacture of: | military days to “every kid loves a
(n) Biscuits, or fruit, pound, layer, gidier,” or his uniform, at least. Just
hin cake or any like product (ate the lttle boys and girls as a
Tors in pounds; of sugarto 100 soldier passes. Those admiring glances
POD) Sweet 40 'w v “nlcker.”
(3) Sweet dough products and pas: Sot Bet VICLCTE Sit Ces the
try more: than 8 pounds of sugar to I ayes

100 pounds ol flour. ’ ”, y
(c) ‘Cocoanut macaroons or fancy “1 jus’ lov ou soders” sald three-

almond macaroons more than 40 per year-old Charles Ullrich, son of Fred
contin, bt fn than 10 | Dlirich, Big Four agent at Shelbyville
; ptghmallow more th as he entwined hls arms about the
pounds of sugar to 60 pounds of marsh- , neck onjSegeant Ross Reed, of Greens. :
q burg. Reed, with several Decatur

(e) Bread and bread-rolls % pound county soldiers from Camp Taylor,

of sugar to- 100 pounds of (flour. ¥
Fifty per céntum of the sugar used were on the way to Greensburg, by

t
in the manufacture of products (a), way of Shelbyville, and the sergean
(b) and 100 pe rcentum of’ (e) shall after buying a ticket had leaned up

CANADAYFOOD BOARD.

 

Order No. 60.

 

be yellow or brown sugar. | against the railing of the ticket office
3. Wo ‘person shill ue in thé manu: hen tho three-year-old hugged him.
facture of: f [. A second fNustration occurred when

(b) Candy; chocolate, solid chocolate Sergeant Reed reached Greensburg on
products, cocoa « products,’ chewlng 0, Ko. o 4 his parents’ home. He was
gum, dessicated cocoanut or tobacco controntod ‘by a tiny soldierly figure

more than 50 por centum of the that saluted with gil the grace and

monthly consumption of sugar for the
year SL, =e | courtesy of a trained soldier. Tbe

| od
(d) “Table syrups, compound honey,‘ sergeant exchanged the - salute, m

maple batter and maple syrup com- then learned the tribute ha been paid
pounds; ‘or. such like products, moré py six-year-old Henry J n, son of
than ‘G0 per centum of the pera Prof. E..J. Jerman, superintendent of
monthly. consumption of sugar for the q..enghurg’s city schools.
year 1017, one-half of euch sugar to a urg’s city
be yellow or brown sugar. Why They Stop ped.

¢)'Bharmaceutical syrups and me-
aida? roparations more than 76 per | One morning recently the children of

4 } contum of the average monthly con-| the Indianapolis Orphans’ home were
sumption of sugar in 1917. | assembled in the auditorium. They
“ (d) Beers; dles, soft, drinks, foun: were patriotic.and started to sing “The,
tain fruits, fruit juices or syrups, | pi agt Flag That Files” Thelr leader
dessert or jelly powders or marshmal- had them sing, the frst
| and pianist »
low powders, after September 30th, They did that 80 well she
1918, more than 50 per centum of ie ! piri” Tor tu 1 stanza: They
average montlily amount of sugar use ed. Ee -— sil child stopped

during the year 1917. g
4. No. ‘person shall-use in the mmnu- | —not a sound escaped their lipe. The

facture of jee cream more than 5% | leader, very much surprised and
pounds of cane sugar to 8 gallons of | chagrined at the sudden,

LE 4

 

ice cream. gllence, sald, “What Is the matter?"
5. The use of sugar (i the manu: | yn one accord they. ‘replied, “We
facture of soap {8 prolibited. can't sing toat next line”

 
   
  
 
   
  
  

Certificate tor the purchase of sugar | “oy Tyo veg ‘at the words and the

tioned in-tlits order, will be lssued on
thewbauls of the percentage allowed
under ‘this writer. ety

%

fh ——t———

Guarautop to the farmers of a mini
rica of $16.60 a hundred

mum Pp
pounds 10 jug the war
Do ou Ei 8. National Qet Oll Frem Grain.

Agricnitural Advisory. 2 A discovery. by Germans is that for
arid Smith, the West Lorne hatd extracting oll In quantity from grain.

th iin rocess called degerminating, &
atl fers resembling a hen's egg in

“Certainly not,” she told them, “we
will leave that entire stanza out” fbe
had not thought ef finding snything
like that in an American flag song. It
had been written before the world

war~Indiapapolis News.
en

  
     
   

  
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
   

 

 
  

+» 9

  
   

  

yields a very good

   
   
    
   
  
 
 
 
  
 
  
   

   

ng - pe
ging surrendered tuminous
Almagaar Chaput was
SELL Roary Bo
: Henry dl
pgulo! ~ | 80) 0
a tuned and fhen loft to

hts

dt |

 
 
 
   

  
 
 

“them, You muke n bow and say:

in the manufacture of products men-| "5 Ny “hear old Germany." i

   

    
    

od for the nutri

d at the same time a raw

 

 

   

 

Has Forced Authors to Recognize
Changed Customs.

 

8tilted Manner: That Characterized
the Victorian Era Have Passed as
Completely as Has the
Stage Coach.

That the tempom and {he mores
have suffered as mich in this century
as the lares and pmates may be poor
Latin, but 1s sound truth, observes the
Louisville Courler-Journal. The times
and manners are distinctly different,
and In one especial particular of so-
cial intercourse.is there a powerful
variance.

For Instance, {n Victorian times, it
took the hero and herolne about twen-
ty chapters to get acquainted, By that
time he was calling her “Miss Dora,"
Instend of “Miss Speniow,” and he
gulped every time he sald It. When
his love and passion had bolled and
bubbled until he was a wretched hu-
man caldron, and he had to repress a
moan every time he saw her little hand
on the arm of a dragoon, It took him
eight pages to ask her falteringly If he

and a proposal and marriage were the
patural sequence. ‘To call her Dora
and not marry her was equivalent to
breach of promise In the Victorian era.
And nobody but the hero and the mem.
bers of her familly ever called her
Dorn, except perhaps her girl friends

But In these times what a difference!
All the young folks call’ one another
Jack and Ji, and It Is a curlous and
anachronistic youth who finds it hard
to do so, In fact, he'tecomes a sort of
gentle joke In his “set™ and the girls
think: him rather slow. After he has
met’ the lady two or three times he
learns to consider It superogatory to
call upon her In the name of her fa-
ther. She Is Gloria or Penelope In sun
persona, and Miss Wilmerding or Miss
Schulz to her seems poky. It Is the
same with the young married ones.
You hear about them for a while from
mutual friends, and then §ou meet

“How do you do, Mrs. Kawsup.” She
does not resent (t the first time, But
the fourth time you meet her Bra
Kawsup remarks: “It sounds so silly
for you to call mg that. Why don't
you say Lucretia and I'll call you Aga:
memnon?’ And it's done.

It is pretty hard on the novelist
Messrs. Dickens and Thackeray used to
fill a couple of hundred excellent pages
with working up the hero to the Dora
and Clara polnt, and fn the mild ven:
tures of Anthony Trollope into the
eternal trinngle—his villains were per
fect gentlemen and always wore stiff
white shirts—he consumed much space
whereln the Tertium Quid was negoti-
ating to call the restless married Indy
by her first name, The reading publie
18 too wise for that now, and the long
winded authors lle unread on the
shelves of the library. One must start
the book briskly; on page 1 the hero
{ne {8 Dora to the hero, and on page 16
 the,home-wrecker {8 squeezing the mar
ried lady's hand and calling her Esmer-
alda,

* Thus the AOfth Georglan-Wilsonjan
period of life and literature as con-
trusted witli the Victorian. And per-
‘haps it makes no great amount of dir.
ference. Certainly it saves white pa:
per and makes the serinl stories short
er—two results of real value [a this

hungry, hurried age.

 

Mealle Pudding.

Like the haggis, the mealle pudding
1s to the Sassenach a Scotch delicacy
| the origin of which Is wrapped in deep-
est mystery. The other morning two
travel-stnined English Tommles drep-

ped Into the réstroom at Aberdeen |

station for some much-needed] refredh-
ment. They were heartily welcomed
by the ladies in charge, ind In a few
minutes a wucculent thealie pudding,
piping hot,” was plated before each.

‘}'Bath had seen more than a bit of Ate

since Joining the army, dut n mealic
pudding was one of the things hither
to wndresmed of In thelr philosophy.
Determimed, however, to brave the un-
tmown, ene of them boldly cut bis pud-
ding In two, scooped out somewof the
contents, and took 8 mouthful. As he
wlowly masticated the oatmesl a Yook
of contentment came over his features.
“Go whead, BUIT he exclaimed. “H's
only geod old porridge in a “fank’"
-

 

Chasing the Calory.

- The fret step toward spreading the
mysterious cult of the calary has been
takea at an opportune time. Unhappy
man, deprived of bis dally Seefstoak
and forced 40 ewdslst on corn muffins
ta which many allen hands hase ex.
perimented, may derive a modicum of
comfort from the chase of the calory.
Formerly sequestered In domestic scl-
ema achools, or the exclusive property

hommes, who have
advantages of which |
knows nothing, the
cmerged {oto relationy wi
nary hungry, quick-lunch-eating -
Jace. On our menu cards now
cnlople rides hasd In bond with the
ont of each dish. - Ee
v Benes of Fitness.
Haviug fost learned dver th
that he cesld not get an ounce of coal,

    
   
    
     
 

        
 
   
    
   
   

    
 
  
  

    

  

the parlor vinring the most awful
precations, ve
~ aWiinam,” axclaimed hin ite,
you must went for wercy. dow
it standing on ‘he prayer Tug."—Hos:

ton Transeript.

TH HIRRYING AGE [1 on vies SAVED

   
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
  
 
   
 
  
   
   
 

   
    
 
 

   
     
     
       
       
    
      
     
   
       
    
  
  
 

        
      
     
  
    
 
 
       
 
 

o phous

Bunge. (he arrible tempered. went into

«3583

 

  
 
 
  
  
 
     
     
  
  
   
  

. THE DAY.

The saving farmer is a national asset. Canadian progress to-
day in all lines attests magnificently to the splendid qualities of thrift
that have marked the farmers in all the Provinces. The total returns
trom fleld crops and animal produce have been only possible because
of the disposition to make use fn an economical way of all the won-
derful gifts of Providence in thia good land of ours.

The same was abundantly true after 1870 in France when the
trugal, thrifty farmers of ‘that fair land made it possible for the Re-
public to pay off that hated German war {ndemnity of two billion
francs levied against. them. The same spirit of national thrift built
up France for the extreme test to-day—a test that is being tried by

fire, | ¢ %
Thanks be, French herolsm is proving true. The line is holding.

The blood of the farmers Is flowing equally as well through the veins
of France's daughters of the soil and so the national strength bends

but does not break.

;

i

fo Canada Is reaping her harvests of increased returns and money
{8 being made as never before. Ofr farmers are carning the grati-

, tude of all In thelr splendid efforts at production. That they will
carry into thelr savings an equal foresight in conserving their sur-

3 pluses against the fyture days of darkness and lower prices will be
equally praiseworthy. He Is well advised who saves his extra dollar
untfl he sees which way the winds of to-morrow will blow. Adversity

¥ blows a cold blast where there Is no dollar {n the savings.

ole

‘By-Law No.---

A By-Law to provide for Drainage Wark In the Township of Colchester 8auth, In

County of Eesex) and for borrowing on the credit of the Municipality the sum of
1

one ousand Nine Hundred and Fifty-eight Dollars for completing the same.

provisionally adopted tne 16th day of September, 1918.

ne resident and non-resident owners (exc
Whereas the majority in number of the © in LL

fve of farmors’ sons not actual owners), as shown by the last rav

might call her “Dora.” She consented. | 1 gufousfufofesfsfedooffefesabriebeobsfedefedrleriedebofedelbedebebdode bobo

ee ———————

  
  
 
  

  
 
 
 
 

For Next Year ? :

  

 

 
  
 
  
   
  

     
  
     
   
        
     
     
      
    
     
     
   
   

All kinds of Farm Machinery are bound to
advance between 30 per cent. and 40 per

cent. over present prices this Fall. If you

will require additional machinery for next ‘
year, you will be’ wise to place your order .
early for delivery next Spring. Orders placed
before November will get the benefit of
present prices.

®¥ This is worth considering. See me about it! 2

HARRY CADARET

Phone 4 Apsley Street, Amherstburg
By-Law No. :

A By-Law to provide for the cleaning out, enla ing, deep g, extending and other=
wise Improving the water course known as Albert McGee Drain in the Town
ship of sn, and for borrowing an the credit of the Municipality af the T
ship of Malden the sum of Three Hundred and Fifteen Dollare, being the fun
required for the said cleaning, enlarging, deepening, extending and of ise im=

proving the said Albert McGee Drain. %

Provisionally adopted tho 17th day of August, A. D. 1918.
Wliereas one Thomas Dufour, owner of part of Lot Number Soventy-three (73) in
the Sixth Concession of this Township, has given notice to this Municipality that tho
Albort MeGeo Drain 18 out of repair and does not provide sufMcient drainage for his
portion of sald lot Number Seventy-three (73) In the Sixth Concession of the sald

     
  
    
    

 

   
 
   
  
 

the

   
  
    
   
  

us~

    
  
 
  

I the property hereinafter set forth to be henentted by drainage work, that 18 10 say | Township of Malden. 7
he Ne ean of a drain along the south sido of the 0th concession Road have peti- And whereas thoreupon the Council of the Township has procured a survey and
«joned the Council of thg sald Township of Colchester South praying that Lots One 10} an examination to be made by Alex. Baird, C. E., being a person competent for such

roncession Road may be [nurpose, of the sald aréa proposed to be drained and the means suggested for tho

Four in the 6ih Concession of Colchester South and the oth
drained by means of an open diten along the south Side of the

       
 

sald road to an outtet In | drainage thereof, and of other lands and roads lable to bo assessed under the Muni-

    
  
     
 

the McLean Drain. cipal Drainage Act, and has also procured plans, sp ons and estimates of tho
And whereas, thereupon the sald Council has procured an examination | drainage work to bo made by the sald Alex. Baird, C. E., and an assessment 10 Do
to bo. made by J, J. Newman, being a person epmpetont for such purpose, [nade by him of the lands and roads to be benentted by such drainage works, and of
of the area propos: 10 be drained, and the means suggested for the drainage pr lands and roads liable for contribution thereto, ating as n ly as he can the
creat, A or oiler jands and roads liable to asseskment under Tho Munfelipal Drafn- oportion of benefit, outlet Hability and imjuring lability, which his opinion: Wilk

    

nro Act, v
4 be made by the sald J. J. Newman, and an assessment to be made by him of

lands and roads to be benefited by such drainage work, and of other lands and roads | by-law enacted 10 DHo- 8458s ana ed upon the roads and lots, or parts of lois

jiable. Tor contribution thereto, stating as nearly as he can the proportion of benefit
G frit Hability. and injuring lability which, In lis opinion, will be derived or fncurred

@ consequence of such drainage work by every road and lot, or portion of Jot, FUL

nt made being the assessment hereinafter, by this by-law enacted to bo
Nesom nd levied upon the roads and lols, or parts of lots, hereinafter in that behalf
et forth and described; and the report of the said J. J. Newman [n respect

  

y
Bre he sald drainage work being as follows:
Ferrof, aud of the sil flamas Ne Windsor, Ont., April 18th, 1018.

al Council of, the Township of Colchester South:—

    

TO the Reeve and Municip

Suryeys [12 of the drain petitioned for by Thomas Jenner and others and now
he

port reson as follows
I 1 copumenced my survey In the present road ditch on the south side of the

Concession (Townline) Road, at the line in the center of Lot 1, Thence I followed

 

course of the road ditch along tho south slide of the said Townline Road to the line In,

ihe centre of Lot 4. Thenceznorth 088 the road and along the west side of the
line in the cemitre of Lok 4 in the 7th Con. to the McLean Drain.

I find that the present road ditch Is not deep enough or of suMcient capacity 10 { data that'the work is 10 be carried out In accordance with, and the specifications a$-
properly retain and carry, off the waters from the land It was intended drain, or 10 | tached thereto describes the manuer fn which the work i5ito be performed In compl.

afford an outlet for tile draining t lands in the 6 ne on. The land across the | ance with, ete, 4
casterly portiom of Lot 4 18 quite lovel, and the J diteh or Derigia Drain, I further recommend that the road fence along the east side of the drain'be ra-

us at present constructed, empties into the McLean Drain against the stream, with the { inoved where this work is to be carried out, and that the earth excavated from the Drain
offect of checking ithe velocity of the water in both the MeLean Drain and the ditch on | be deposited and spread as speciied by the specifications, on the land to the east of. -
the south side of tie road, causing the water to now back over the lands and across | the Drain.

the road west of thi 4 and 5 sideroad -
In order 10 ovmreoms these difMoulties and thus afford proper drainage to

 

jands and roads affescted, 1 would

      
       
       
     
  

north to the McLaman Drain.

       
   
 
  
 
  
     
 
 

 

   
  
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

     

    

 
      
     

 

sald drain cnasses the Harrow Road, and a new highway bridge where the sald drain | Excavation from stake 0 to stako 12, a distance of 1200 leet ws + 8112700, =
crosses the Tih Concession (Townline) Road, Sxcavation from stake 12 to stake 24, sudistance of 1200 lee A 20 00 =
1 have gryovided fof these in my estimates as Is provided for In sub-section 1 of | Removal and, replacing fences... ...... avis ea 22 85
Section 9 off the Munfcipsl«Drainage Act. Damages 10 ands and crops (Of ADF)... hua cars rensnsn . 18 25
1 al find that each of the following owners (8 entitied to ana should recolve the £0 90
Tollowing amounts for:constructing or enlargl a farm access bridge and for dam- |'Survey, plans, report, specifications, etc. ......... end 49 00
axes 10. Jands and crops (If any) :— 3 Asdlstante [n survey and expenses. ... FRIAR? SE AIaT 13 00
Jas, A. Bondy, owner of W 14 E 3% Lot 1, Con. 6, Col- Publishing by-law 35 00 1
chester SOUBM ©... onc vnveraaseess a ; 20 00 8 0 00 | Registering law . 2 20 . :
Stanley Jenner, owner of E 14 4 LI , Con. 8, > - court of revision : 18 00 4 >
chester South  ,.......... os pla aly 20 00 Clark's 1e0S ......%. wh, 10 00
Herman Quick, owner of N 4(5 W % W 1 Lot 2, Con. ya 1 Letting and superintending. . . ~ . 15 ao
@, .Colchester South Es Xa nw wi WR Soe x 25 00 10 00 —— 142 20
El Gerard, owner of N 4/5 E 14 W % Lot :
colchester South... oy , 25 00 10 00 AMOUNYNE IN BH 00. cooaneiiun inn ni nis sind _§ 015 00
Thomas Jenner, owner of E 34 of kot 4 a This sum I assess against the lands and roads that should contribute towards tho 4
ter South . > ays 25 00 20 00 | work as shown and sat out in the annexed schedule of assessment, :
Thomas Jonher, 35 1 beg further to submit to r Honorable Body that this work be kept up an
chester South” ©. ......, 25 00 10 00 | maintained In repain by &n asso ent on iho lands, and roads assessed for carrying) i
7.3 C. Fawigry, owner of E' % W 3 Lot 3 7 out the oe and fn the relative proportion asfessed in the schedule of Auevuhent bl
& TL PR EE 25 00 10 00 | horéto ached until otherwise determined and reported upon as required by
180THO ‘Foal, owner of WV Municipal Drainage Act If that behalf. :
a ES TL . wu wine 0 00 1 00 1 have the honor 10 be, Gentlemen,
9. M. Morton, ‘gwner of, W'pt of Lot 4, Con. 7 Your obedient servant, :
Do ENE Ra 0 00 40 00 ALEX. BAIRD :
10. Mra ies, owner 0 pt of Lot oo 1000 ‘ CR. * X
his, “ern vv . And whereas the sald counell are of opinion that the dra of Ded
yn Provided ror n my estimates as is provided for In sub-sectfons 2 and | (s desirable. yi ; {Bagéior the arcs deters 3
sof section 0 0 Therefore the sald Municipal Council of the sald Township of Malden, pursuant 10%

  

wry Municipal Drainage Act,
My estimate of (he co of the whol of the above work together with all

dental ‘expenses 18 this sum of $2455.00. OF this amount I haye assessed the jands in ist. The said Teport eclfications, assessments and estimate:
he Township. of Colipnester South,.which are benefitted by or use tne said draln as an adopted, and the pr RIL ica perp rrr aaTeh

outles, with the sum or $1,370.00 and the Township of Colchester South for roads,

eit of the Township of Colchester South Whe sum of $1,968.00, 88 18 more

se forth In the Schigyle of ‘assessment hereto sttachod.

I have assessed; the Jands in the Townshl f Colchester North, which are bene-

Gente n—In compliance with your instructions, 1 have made an o¢xamination,

  

   
   

a that a drain of the form. size, elc., shown
shown on the aceampanying profile, be constructed along the south-slde of the Town- Mrs. M. Deslippo,gowner of the S W 1; of Lot 74 In. the Sixth Concession, 81.253
fine Road, from thin line in the centre of Lok 1 to the line In the centre of Lot 4, thence | Thomas Dufour, owner of the N. W. of Lot 73 In ghe Sixth Sibel 48.50, and

I also Nnd &nat ft Will be necessary to constrict a now highwav bridge where the My ostimate of the cost of this work in detail Is as follows :—

he. sum of $145 00. ‘and the Township of Colchester South for 1s proportion of ; . ¥
{he cost of the high yy bri T 5 and. The Reeve of the sald Township of Malden may borrow on the credit of the
r Elway bridges, with the sum of 4300.00, thus making tho total && | corporation of the Township of Malden the sum of ‘Three Hundred and Fifteen

 
 
 
 
  
   
     
 
 
  
     
    
      
 

and has also procured plans, specifications and estimates of the drainage work | ho derived or Incurred in consequence of such drainage work by every road apd jos,”

the | or portion of lot, the-said assesgmont £0 made being the assessment nereinafter by this

proinafter In that beliall especially set forth and described; ana the réport of ihe
ald” Alex. Dalrd, C, in respect thercof and of the sald drainage work being .4s

| follows: —
Leamington, Ont, May 27th, 1018.

To the Reeve and Councillors of the Township of Malden :—

gentlemen, —In. compliance with your Instructions, I have made an examination
and survey of the north part of the Albert McGee Drain (n your Township, with the
view Of [18 repair and improvement, and beg to submit. in connection therewith the fol~ wf
lowing Fupont iy

I nnd that from its head, which Is 4160 feet north of the line between lots 73 and
74, South for a distance of 2,400 feet thd] drain requires 10 be repaired and improved
allow of the proper and efMcient drainage of the lands bordering on this portion ot
@ drain and that are dependent upon It for their drainage.

1 submit herewith a plan, profile and specifications which sets out tho work which

I recommend, - The plan shows the location and course of the ‘drain and the lands and
roads that the work will affect, and that undér the Municipal Drainsge Act should .oon-
tribute towards the cost thereof, The profile gives the dimensions, grades and other:

 

    
 

 
  

sald

     
  
 

  
  
   
     
 
  
 
 
   
  
   
     
 
  
 

  
 

re-

  
 

7
tho

    
   

sald

  
   
  
     
  
 
     
     

  
  
 
 

 

    
    
 

  
  
 

For damages to lands and crops (If any) which the disposal of the excavated
¢arth thereonswill gecasion, 1 determine the amount to be paid 10 the respective parties
entitled thereto as Tollows.

the

           
     
  

 

Noah Robidoux, owner of the S W 14 of Lot 73 In the Sixth Concession, $8.50. “ &

  
  

   

     
 
  
  
   
  
  

  

  

 
 
  
 
  

   

 
  

 
  
 
  

   

   
   

   
     
       
     
     
      
    

incl- J the provision of the Municip rdinage Act, enacts as follows:

with | constructed in accordance therewd

 

Dollars, being .the fubds necessary for’ the work not otherwise rovided for,
and may issue Debentures of the Corporation to that amount in sums of not less than
y Dollars each; and payable within five years from the date of the sald Debentures.

Ned DY 0% 1s the sail drain as an outlet, with the sum of $82.00, and the Township | Ff
of Colelisytor North fon Toads, With the suth of $150.00, and the Township of OnE ey | with Interest at tio rato of six per centum per annum, that is to say in five oqual sn-,

tor Navin for (1s proportion af the cost of the highway bridg

    

a5. With the suny of 8245.00, | hual payments, such Debentures to be matle payahlo at the Molsons Bank, Amherst-

burg, and to have attached to them Coupons for the payment of interest,

Yhis making the tolal! assessment on. the Township of Colchester North the sum of fo
A J L ‘ rd. For ing the sum of 8300.00, thy amouiit charged against the sald lands
$497.00, 5 1a more Milly get forth (othe schedulp of assessmont hereto attached. and roads for benent, and the su rU8i2:00, Who chase a.

proportion herein contained until otherwise determined by the report of an engl

 

  

 
  
  
  
   

Twould further recommend that this drainage work’ be kept up and maintained
ed lands and roads for outlet liability, apart from Jands and roads Delonging to or con=
at tho expense of the lands and roads herein assessed for iis ‘construction and one trolled by the Municipality, And {or covering iniérest thereon for Ave:ye =

ar Alx feof centum por annum, the Tollowing total special rates over and above all olliey

under tho provisions tho Municipal Drainage Act. :
Accompanying Mis report, yo yM And a copy of this sa plang, otc for Te ih be assessed, iavied ae ee from ar at :
service upon the Township of Colchester North, as 4s provid or in thé Municipal parts of lots and “a0 the amount of the said total TI +, 25

Drainage Act,
All of which (s respectfully submitted,

And wherofs thp sald Council are of opinion that the drainage of the area
scribed 18 desirable, \

 

    
   
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
  
  
   

  
    
    
  
 

 

 
  
        

 
   
 
 
 
 
 

met etme [

J. J. NEWNAN,
C. EB.

Therefore the sald Muni I Council of the sald Township of Calchester South,

 
 
 

against esch lot op part of 10t respectively shall be divided into five equal parts,
one such part shall assessed, levied and collected as aforosaid, in each year, for Ave.
Joan, after the final passing Of this by-law, during which the sid debentures have.

de- run. i:

 
 
  
 
      

  

 
 

 

       

 

TTR PED)

  
    

 

  
   
   
 
 

  
 

 
    
 
      
  
  
  
     
 
 
  
   
   
  

   
  

    
     
    

 

  

  
   
 

 
 
   

     

 
 

 

      
 
    

  
 
 

     
       
 
 

  
  

    
  
         
 

  
 
  
 
   
   

      
  

  

  
    
    
    
     
 
   
   
   
   
  
     
  
 

 

      
 
 
   

 

 
 

  

  
  

 

  
    
       
  
  
 

 

 
    

    
  
  

 

 

 

 

   
 
 
 

 

 

 

pursuant to the provisions of the Municipal Drainage Acl, emmcls as Tollows: w « '
The sald report, plans, specifications, assessments and estimates are hereby 3%] eo
ted. and tho drainsge’ work as therein indlcstéd and set forth shall be made ang £85 $ du 5
eta in accordance therowith, 3 g Lot or Name of Owner £58 4 58
¢nd. The revva of Tho said Township of Colchester South may borrow on the | 2 part of Lot. or br nm HO at
credit of thé Corporation of the sald Township of Colchester South the sum of One | 3 , Assessed Owner, ge eR = Sel CR
Thiusand Nino. Hundred and Fifty-eight Dollars, Demg The, funds necessary fob the L& . < 882 as 88f 33 Se jo
work not otnerwise provided for, and may Iasio Debentures of we Corporation to |'S eg 554 58 Su° 2 o
that amount in sums ‘of not Jess t Fins Dollars each, and payubie within 10 rs | 2 2 S33 Sq28s eB
“from the date of the sald Debentures, with foterest wt The rate of § per centum ho nie a A ri 4 =a 2
annum, ih Js io say in ten equal annual Instalmemns, such Debentures 10 ba Payable : 3 wv ‘ 4 pra. MN. Deslippes Fy a 308 - 08 13.400 2
at the Tmper . , and 10 have attached 10 them Coupons for the payment of | 8 1 W 8 Noun Nobidous. £00 shed iiss ‘Tide Tie
3pd. For paying the sum of $4060.00, The amount char again 8 lands [6 8 © ,. Robidoux. d . 3
end eis for Benen Ls sum_of $710.0 The amount. an 10 Jad 6 0 Y% 85 E. A, McGeo.,.. 6.50 = 1.08 0.55 1a
and roads for outlet , and the sum of... ..., The amount chargpd 6 NW 50 Albert RN. Medes A 08 B05 iD
lands and roads for injuring , Apart from ands and roads belonging to or con- [6 8 W 72.. 50 Franklin MeGee . 5.95 13s:
rolled by the municipifty, and Tor covering intarest thereon for 10 years ab the.rate [6 no pt 71... 50 Ralph Mickle. . .. g 5.95 198
af 6 per cent. per anmmm, the following total special rates, over and above all other 6 sept 71... 30 Merril Densau.. 3.55 AY
Tates, Aball Do assessed, lovied ana a (Mm the samo manner and at tho sams [6 n w pt 71.. 40 Oeorge Nrush,.. 4.00 4.75 95
time as other taxes are levied mn collected) upon and from tho undermentioned lois [6 # Ww pt 71... 00  Danlel Bondy... 6.00 740, Ae
and parts of lois and roads, and the amount of the said total special rates and Interest |8 n 70 40 Robert Waldron. 4.00 478 °° NE
galnat cach lot or of lot Fespuotively stl) he divided Into len equal parts, and |0 n W 70. 50 John Fronch.. 5.00 59% 149 os
one Auch Mart shall ha aspessod, Tovied and collectoll as aforesald, in each-year, for [6 n % & % 70 43 James Denean.. 4.50 5.30 A. $
yours affer the Afial passing of Mis hy-law, during which the sald debentures [6 & 8 70 43 Ed. A, Deneau, . 4.50 5.30 1.00-
have to run. a 6 no pt 6d 30 John French 3,00 ERT |
= : » 6. nw pug 60 James Gibb. . .. 6.00 7.10 148:
Ho se of 6 40 Marshal Enderby 4.00 475 © A
ls «wk 50 A. Jubenvillp. ..t 5.00 sop rad
- +88 |6 Lov 68 60 Oliver Deneau., ° 6.00 Jule tl
1 » 5. “88 @Omlg no. 10° doorgo Sellara. . 1.00 id a8
d ot Bh wale nw 30 Frod. Squires, .. 3.00 RB
1% HS EE Dei AE ete EE 1
x [) [} x. Dingle. ... v
2- > St hobs 5 n fii n 3% 48 .6 “Alex. Dingls....
kr] 8< 2u]|8 0%s 5 + Albert: Med
8 = oF Ege 5 80 10 Wiitred To!
=. ba AmB ne Hs 4 A, Faster
: Ta se ¥ Great Pigeon. .
3. 8) Thos. J. Bom id BE ne 10 Edward Taylor. .
6 © 50 Stanley Jenner. $37 1403]6 8 © 10 Perry Pigeon...
6 0 LALA 40 Herman Quick. 44 feou|d no Ao james, Pigeon c
6 nd Wd Ad 16.08 [38.0 10 EI Dratt.....
6 0 a 108. 10,04 | 8 $ 40 E. NH. Bhatt...
6 w 1% 3 ¢ 41 in.78 5. =B Amos Wi BL
4 eo 3 WG Fawdry 35. 1 11.825 @ 100
6 w 3 A as a1 RHE 5
4» 3 48 we saa 2 1.008 Ww =
ia A 4 2 ant... $0, 0 45.00 an 10.48 (I 3 2:8
6 olhlaw : Bus -- n 3¢ Ao Sibi i Total: for Donent..... |9200.008 10.009270.508
ie) Road ra LIE Bi ed 3; ng *. Roads of Munieipaity.... 35.80 $n
% 009 25.008 150.008 53. 203, i * v rT \
0 $1148 48.00 ra hy Xa bt oe _Total...... 8318.00 EO

 

pms
int.

    

nt Werero

SAE 13 mi ETH SST A RS
fe Bl

|
