OHO _OIOALSNIHNY HH
ESSEX COUNTY COUNCIL. THE BOARD OF RAILWAY COMMISSIONERS FOR CANA,
CF...» Order No.27583

Report of the Speeial Committee to have tie County WEDNESDAY, the 2st day of , IN THE MATER OF
August, A. D. 1918, the application of the Muni¢fml Cor

Building Re-Wired. 4 poration of the County of Haex, In

To the Warden and Members of ‘Essex County Council, in, Council assembled; | — ad Cag x _ por

BUY

® .
- Province of Ontario, heoinafter V
Gentlemen,—We, your special, committee appointed at the June session | L ih al im S
to nave the Coifnty building re-wired, beg leave to report as follows: D'ARC Y Sony. mmisat ealiod Lhe ea pplicnse, for an IOS «-
2 eo TONITE y . To y Slectric: . y Be Asst. Chie missioner, 4 C
We firet arranged with Mr, Weldrick, Electrical Inspector for the di i: } be established at a poli where the

trigt, to prepare a plan of the work to be done, and to'inspect the same as the S. I. McL.EAN, Michigan’ Central ‘Railnnd and the

work progressed, fof which we agreed to pay him the sum of $7500. Ia CRE lar a i Bul he
algo prepored an approximate estimate of the material required for tie EO rr Ios os
also preorend an appproximate estimate of the material required for the | a S. GOODEVE, oth Bn he Te banip of

On Sale at all

MONEY-ORDER POST OFFICES

KIDNEYS

stren work. The Clerk made several copies of the same and malled a eypy to Me Commissioner. y ees
SII rong henthnse Naughton, McKay Electrical Co, and a copy to the Gas & Electric Co, of the Maljgiona in the Preyincé of On
and restore Hh to~ City of Windsor, asking them to submit prices for same to the Committee to . Pile. No. 2888241

their former state of be considered by the Committea and Mr. Weldrick on the 16th day of July: UPON reading the report and recommendation of the Chief Operating

health, The Committee and Mr. Weldrick met at the Court’ House on that date and Officer of the Board and what is filed on behalf of the Railfoad Compuny and

a a opened the tenders of the both companies, We checked over the differant ca h: - "
GIN RIN Ss1d Suery mire ph of material required, and decided to accept the tender of the Gas & Pe Towns ORDERED: WHEREVER
50 centsa box Electric Co, which was the lower tender, 1. Tint the Michigan Central Raflway. Company be, and it 1s’ hereby, THIS SIGN DISPLAYED
Re GRIN we tharetors Sault op aour congideration a brief summarized state- required to divert the North Talbot Road In the Township Af Maldstons, -
' a Tagonto, Ont. em of tne 4 oa eo tric Co 9 or County of Essex, and Province of Ontario, to the 6th Concession Road Known
5 lotal charges of Gas x eciric a arias a a ws the Naylor Side Rond. by means of a diversion to the north sid» of Its
Credits for returned goods and old materia : {racks as shown on the plan dated July 11th, 1918, on file with the Board

« Waeldrlek { inspecting ‘| under file No. 268424: detall plans of the proposed diversio: 10 Dia filed with
E.<C. Weidrick, plan and Inspecting. ...........gs-. ones 0 the Board for approval; twenty per cent. of the cost to be pald Gut of “The

wr HE ECHO 8 I Raflway Grade Crossing Fund’; thirty-five per cent. by the 1@%nship of Maid-
Y ibaa W. P. Cozle, refund of money paid

them on the Certificate, which will be given to

you; have your Stamps registered against loss,
free of charge at any Money-Order Post Office; and on the first

BY% War-Savings Stamps for $4.00 each; place
1

stone; and the remainder to be paid by the Michigan Cental Railroad.

IE rR : 2, That within sixty days from the date of this Ordtr, the Michigan % stam
Published by : 221 23] contral Railroad Company install two automatic bells of an improved type day of 1924, Canada will pay you $5.00 each for your ps.

. : Limited < A at the crossing of the Sixth Concession Road known at the Naylor Side Road, . 'HRIFT

THE ECHO PRINTING €O,, : Total for all work Aone. ooh, susan $ 3343 3 in accordance with “The Standard Specifications for Highway Crossing Sig As on gid to the purchase of W.-S. S. you oan buy T
DHN A. AULD, A. W. MARSH, | Total amount pald for all WOrk done. .....oooviveeerrnnnnennenns $ : nals", approved under General Order No. 96 and hereafter maintain the said Stamps for 25 cents each. Sixteen of these Thrift Stamps on a
President. Sec-Treas. Ror Da from this" amount— : 017 81 hells 2 its own expense; a detall plan showing the layout thereof to be sub- Thrift Card will be exchanged for a W.-S. 8. Thrift Stamps do
—— x ) Ta Pad Re a =i mitted for the approval of an engineer of the Board; twenty per cent. of the | _ 3 i i is that they enable you to
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 27th, 1918 | For” electiic light He igo cost of installing the said bells to be paid out of the “Railway Grade Cross- Ti BT

a To be charged to Registry Offic al ing Fund”, and the remainder to be pald by the Rallroad Company. apply every 25 cents you can save towards the pi :

153
-3
3
7d
=

3, Thot cars standing on the east and west passing “racks be kept back Government, interest-bearing security.

200 feet clear of the highway, or that, in lieu thereof, a Watchman be placed
at the sald _croMsing during the time that care are standling closer. than 200

Of ANRULOS., ius iui rie Moiavamiiin sinini so sina prin $» 867 01| roar from tI fi r
ch Is respectfully submitted. he highway,

Colorado's “hone dry” law was sign-

the governor at Denver, Mon-
¥. While the executive was affixing
HB signature long lines of citizens as-

“Tf high rates of interest must be paid on Government borrow-
ings it is but right that every man, woman, and child should
have the opportunity to earn this interest.” —Sir Thomas While.

Making «a otal cost of wiring in Court House and Gaoler's resi-
dence, exclusiy 3

5

All of whi

bled at the express company's of (Signed) RICHARD McKEE, = 4
B to secure their liquor siiprients y Chairman Gaol:.Committee, | ~ 4. That the Order of the Board No,«27268, dated Maly 25rd, 1918, made 0 00
a Slog Sls * > id bg W..P. COYLE, J-erein, be, and it is hereby, rescinded, : i $5 0 for $4
nday, when the law became Clerk. : 4 Fo ; = 7 P
5 lt EE Sandwich Ont. December 9th, 1918. 3 X (Signd) D'ARCY SCOTT, :
imes medical oa ‘ 1 Assistant Chief EL
vs it seems reansonbale to = . Bou f Railwao bf 4 8 Cs x
ont says ju seomws. { or a BY-LAW No. 413 oard o flway Commissioners for Canada.

 feopoeefnefefefoefefefofofooesforonnnfnfefefefofefoeoeoferfrfoedefoefefefesone

Women’s

Shoes of

Calfskin
“Neolin Sole”

4 5.85

rished - from influenz
pring the past twelve weeks,
been estimated that the war. cil
he death of twenty malllion p
Jour and a half ye T

spondent point
proved itself fiv

weumonia | ° A |\Y.LAW to appoint Arbitrators for the formation of a new Union Board of Rallway Commissioners
School Section at Arner, and to re-arrange other School Sections if deemed for Canada.
L3ATY.

odd

nece Examined and certified as a true copy
Public under Se ‘tion 23 of “The Rallway Act.”
tion Jat’ Arner (Signed) Bx A. PRIMEAUNX,
Torry «| Asst. Sec. of the Board of Rallway Com-
missioners for Canada

Ottawa, September 5th, 1018,

Passed Dec th, 1918
been made under Sect
of a new Unidn

Townships of Colche

101
er- South and Gosfield

1 Council of the Corporation of
2 of the Public Schools’ Act, a
n 41, Sub-Sections 6, 7
fred Halrdingsbp and

! ra > re heroliy 1 {ors wit a rity given in :
presentat|ves I | ) 3 ; ; Ct J —- A >
tfemedianl log T [ he x : “ EE athe huteqn BY, L. WS.
jession, Premier sta nn ! } d on School Sa < :
pn Monday afternoon thatthe tomper- } 1 HE : 2 URL MEA - Ly BY-LAW No. . 411.

Ince policy of the Go ad) ALEX, Sick

8 maintained in Or rden. A BYLAW to ralse a loan to meet current expenditures.

lew of various r
the Premior said:
ceived the fu )
ve have decided on
fSAVhich means that t

Passed Dotemben 11th, 1918, ~
lee.
X. In Council assembled: —
o report as follows: ™

s it has been deemed expedient to ralse by way off loan the sum
Thousand Dollars required to meet the current expenditure of

For early fall wear these Calf Skin Shoes of dark

re ed bee

0
8
Lo]
go
Ly
oI
oe
oe
KR
KR
ogo
KB
Ie
KR
oe
Jo
+
KH
ol
oe
EX
3
8 : i héaCatnty Ssgex i) \ .
minder the present thigh Aste! tonto the olintyiol Fesnx, : vhs Mahogany and Black Calfskinare unusually sm art
tll some time next ye mend ane 2 laundry, also a B t therefore e Wed Lye the Municipal Council of ‘the © rati as A RB re A
fran, when the qu adies’ toilet and the kitchen. MEL tic eh ale fide sgarationsas us Several styles in this showing for selection. 3
dry or retu ye and two femalds. in custody. classi- | is : x 2 { > po » ode >
will be su 0 1. That jt shall and : ‘bédnwful for the Corporation off the County of | oe The shoe illustrated is one of the EUREKA SHOE CO. + A
“the people t ¢/t0 borrow fromi t omé Bank of Sandwich the sum of Twenty-five | Je g
[§ the p h of Liquor Act sand Dollars {or the purposes afopesaid, to meet the currant expenditure | make of dark mahogany color, Boston welted J : * =
CHRISTMAS SIFTS a r vagrancy, of. the. County. i - | 4 soles, new 1§ sport heel, specially priced this week ln + Cn
pd TAKE F 0 — 2 on remand. 2 r y >
N SAVINGS STAMPS 1 Bo onary : 2. «That thefsaid sum shall bef advanced by permitting thie overdrafts on + Women’s. Golden Brown and Chocolate Kid ot
A re bY, 1 tof children. : the Corporation account from day to’day not exceeding Twemty-five Thousand 3 d inch fo 1 d og b t x
They .Combing Good WII and Profit ™ 1 ound to be correct amd approved: —2., Dallars, and interest hall be charged on the daily balancws aginst the sald . laced, 8-inch. tops, sanie. style and pattern, bu ¥ lo
For They Will Bear Over Vv. M In Gaol yard : $ ~ 90 36 | Corporation at the rate of five and one-lialf per centum per annum. + NOU WEHCATSQICS, AE co vnvevr. ines eenvsns inns assandennes $7.00 the pair :
4!, Per Cent. 1 Gaol ROBISIOIE 2... . os eer siitmmagair iv . 19 76 ; — = ee ERI, a
a s for janitors. 64 42 3. That the Warden and Tréasurer of the County be anid they are hereby 1 : =
What ro-give a friend for Christmi nson, 2 Bags hard wall ; ah 1 40] #uthorized to enter imto the necessary mgreements to carmy”into effect the We carry a great many styles’ in combination lasts, that is
is aq ing many peo- | Re County building and Gaol residence, as per statement sald: loan. ) shoes with narrow heel measurements ‘and broader fore part, 3X
2) Opinions * ol 7A x 2 Eh)
a consid- Wy mont of pay sheet for committea meet. ‘ _. 4. That he Warden and Treasurer are empowered. to wover the over > possibly you need just this last. E- ”
. bt a a ae I I ahd 3 PT 18 20 | drafts by nose at the aid of cach month. ote » 7 00 8 00 0 00 :
|. 13 Tov TK ep + od i o 7: .
2 ir he effort is to ap and Nps ‘oyl : - ar  Mpkien be paid 10 t: (Signed) W. P COYLE. } .. (Sine) SES Nd x oo \J om he o ed a 4 ¢ i a
$= that combines good wi ad gen extra work during the rewiring of the County hulldings: : tm Clerks 3 y : Br on: oe All widths—from A to E ? Miche oe
SN value. pill of $12.00 of Mr. Sparks’. acting as Turnkey. be pald; and ihe ole .
h Br Savings Stamps do t pf the Sheryl be direeted” that in the future, that the Gaoler and i a ———, my - - - a
JF unusual ox Not only v's holidays be arran so that both will not be absent at the same 4 BY-LAW No. 412. 3 9 ,
E always wor y price paid f . : " "i of y “| y
JF but a great 1), Interst being lint 1» las come to the attention ofthe Gaol Committee that the pers A BY-BAW confirfiing By-Law No. 742 and By-Law No. 767. amending J
paid. on them a of oper 4% | sons ¢ 1_in_the- County Gaol are allowed too much liberty? We recom: | yaw” Nb. 742; passed by the Municipal ‘Council of the Torwnship of Maid- 4
i per cent compounded half-yearly, | mend thar this-be brought to the attention of the proper authopitiés and a ctone y 5 oe
Re Most. other gis ease invalueins remeds applied» RE hie : : Passed“Decembar 11th, 1918, i Near the Old International Hotel: d
f time goes on. ¥ All of which Is respectfully submitted. : WwW wag the Munieipalf Council of the Township of Maidsitone has passed ]
BA War Savings Stamp cc s ° (Signed) RICHARD McKEE, 0 Fe BO amd closing that part of a Jighway lyimg south of the le Ouellette Avenue, Windsor. ’ 5
v which hi well whitin A  Sunwich; Ducersar-11th: 1918 ,  Chatrman. Sf \i{chigan Central Railway and extending ROVNWestorly {rom the Naylor Sled > a ; : oe
§ alll Sull re are any who wi San ich, ¢ L) th . ! 5 n % a N 0 9 928. \f v v
J 3 ) T i Road to the line between Lots Nurabered 282fand 283, N.T.R., Iby means of a MAKE THIS YOU BOOT SHOP he 4 i
abl ving, but ny Ey se A { ; diversion on the north side of the Nissan ema Ratlway firom x Naylor i i d .
aha Saving. hut Je SARS / # Side Road to the Near Road in order to eliminate onk level arossing. Trefostoctestostortosfortesfonts ‘ ofesfecfontostosfesfects
g afford t amgunt, they may “buy Presentment of the Grand Jury. Re VT Tens it 15 deeried exrodient to close the said road lyimg south of the ie * . :
- print Sus = jod giv Pa These To His Lofdship justice Middleton, | Michigan Central Railway and running northwesterly from tlie’ Naylor Side - - ;
|] ‘ i 25 cent: gaol ad when sixties n Presiding Judge of the High Court, Sandwich. ; Road and to empower the teeve of the sald Township of Maldstone to sell the . v
RoLutnem: have pean baught they may Iiay it pleas¢ your Lordship— h A 1and, as ordered by the Railwey Board Order No. 27583, : }
JE ba exchynged” for a Wir” Savings 8 © 4 your Grand Jury, ain accordance , with “youp Instruttidng made The said bylaws being dated the 15th day of December, 1917, and tha 8th
ge Stamp. 3 an examination: of the public Institutions of the County of Essex, aAd* sub. |day of July, 1918, nnd being contained in Schedule “A” and Schedule “B
J Wor Savings Stamps are a good In: | pig the following reporti— = hereunto annexed and fornMng part of this by-law, and it is desirable to per-
: A a : inn . Papo We first inspecteds the Goal, and found the place in general good order, | mit the Council to do go: -

uid would recommend tliat the pantry be painted@also that the old wash tubs Be it therefore enactedsby the Muncipal Council of the (lorporation of

th >

i score g glven one or mare: O8f pn the' laundry be replaced by others more sanitary, namely, metal, ge “He County of Essex in Council vmbled, -

1] them as a present. - or slate, N F i ? re = aoa That the naid by-law Léand the same is hereby confirmed.

5 “. WINDSOK. ‘That a hole in the Corridor of thesground floor be covered with a gratin a ou 3 x . n

¥ i instead of the loos boards d@s.at present. B |: (Signed) W. P. CON Le y (Signed) ALEX. gs, ;
i Tax Collector Georgd Cheyne re: We. find there are 24-male and 2 fom pRisonars confined here, The “lerk. ‘

e deserve crediv for the condition of the SCHEDULE “A",

port sthat Windsor/ hachalors con Gaoler, Mr. Wanless, and his [
e would suggest to the proper authorities

tributed $2,500.to the elty finances this | Wards and the Gaol generally,

lB" vear through the mediumsof this un- that .4 prisoner named John Walsh, suffering from tuberculosis in zn ad- TOWNSHIP OF MAIDSTONE, BY-LAW No, 742 “a
3 “popular poll tax, as compared with vanced stage, he let out on parole, Wewould further suggest that a small A BY-LAW authorizing the closing of a rond and to empower the Reeve
i $1,850 last year. More than 800 poll | (Fact of land be purchased by the¥ounty whereby the prisoners/might be use- | (o sell the land,
1a xdefiulters have been summoned | UY employed in produciniinecessary food for the Gaol. : i “Whereas written noticg’of the Council's intention to pmss a by-law to pu \ )
B to police court to explain ti neglect, | Wenext visited the Home of the Friendless in Windsor, and found evéry-]%165ing of the part of a highway lying south of the Michigan Central Radlw, : EE z ne) ’
Pleading guilty to violdting the On- thing Ins good order, neat and clean, and the inmates, 28 in all,»seem con-| na extending northwesterly from the Naylor Side Road a dilstance of 1255 | ; P
tario. Temperance Act by keeping one The management is fortunate in having such a competent Matron {not, more or, loss; to the line between Lots. 282 and 283, N.T.R., by meaps of : IT'S A ST P
3 lauor {orisalas ATs) Annie Malor pro: oi iy oe the pos tion, \ A few SHOE repairs are required, a new drip | 4 divorslon ‘on the north side of the Micuisu) Central ili Bei ar | E o 8
otor of the Waverley Hotel, ‘Sand-| °° tlhe Xolehgn And hersydn sonte of the taps which are leaking; one || Side I ie Rear Road in order to do away with one lewed crossing, y ” A 3 3 « =) A
ple West wil find ah: i of the bath tubs also shold be replaced. the present one being old DENS [tor Fide Road 60 Uys Hots fol ra the sald road lying south of the Michigan in the right direction when you come here for :
ing. court costs. by Magis » Miers | 2A0ILALY. ; ] § : Sentral Rallway and ‘running northwesterly: from the Naylor ide Road and AUTOMOBILE TIRE x
in Windsor police court, Wednesday. | Hotel Dieu.—This instittdon is a credit to the city, The new part is | 10 ‘empower the Reeve, toksell the said land. > ry 3 .
Mrs. Major failed to respond ito the practionily complated with the exception of flre wpes, which are ordéred. Whereas. written notlces ow the Council's intention to pags & by-law to VULCANIZING -
i court process when the case w all Ta hosnita, Ugeaghpnt 1s Yory clean and a 1 Shure Nu 94 patients | close the. said road have been pouty up fo one month In 25 of the most $ : :
d Tuesday and tho Magistrate aed re, r dine devoted to persons afflicted with influenza. Som op place he 1ediate nef rhood of the said road, a y : ri orfd
ee chi a for her arrest, Frank of Ris oly Tire escans are to be, Sepia by more modern ones. i Lali ol : a thier notice of the Councils ieation 10 Our careful work merits your appreciation and patronage - |
# Stanley, of Windsor, who told the 3 2 wouse o eluge at Leamington was mext visited, and we made a| close the sald road have been published for four succeggive Weeks In the ¥ TIF, TI th; - : : |
court x was successful in his quest Whooisy sprotion of this Institution, and®found everything in splendid Beant. Free Press. being a on published in the Town &f Essex, in the | Try us next time something goes wrong with your tires :
BR Tuesday In Detroit fo ra quartwof Ro SY ie W hola building 18" In good condition,” both-insfde und out. * The | County of Essex. . 4g ¢ 4 as 3
- Mguor, was. arrested as. he stepped he Bg i ; : Ww el we » ! Instpucted: to. particularly (nspect,.we found to And whereas (he Board of, Railway Commissioners for canada suggested ‘ . ¥:
Sgrom tho ferry boat. His bank roll| fy Too ¢ 473 every way satistactory. There were 62 inmates, 9 females and | the. closing off the suid road dn order to do away with one fave! crossing, UP - T0 - DATE TIRE . REPAIR SHOP |
UWas tapped to. the extent of $200 and | oo fares. They wcre contented, and ‘with one exception in good general Boe it therefore enicted by. the Munleipal Council of tie Township of *

sta, by order of the court. Aaa: The Superintendent, D, Kennedy, and his wife,.the Matron. are de-| Maidstone, in Council assembled, pursuant to the Municipal Act of Ontario,
he Sermo of great credit for the clean and orderly appearande-of thd place, | and it {s hereby enacted under‘and by virtue of the same ng follows:
ieaving notiving to suggest. and the County of Essex is to be congratulated That the sald road lying south of the Michigan sCentral Railway and
on having Suh an up-to-date institution. 4 w running northwesterly from the Naylor-Side Road a distance of 1255 feet
next oe Sug at Unfon-on-the-Lake—This very important hospital was | nore or less to the line between lots 282 and 283. N.T.R., and containing by
| recefyed word of the dra she | hat ag ed, and found neat and scrupulously clean in every part. The | ndmeasurement 5% of an acre more or less, be and the same Is Hereby closed
son, J. C. Wigle, of Grounid, Alta. He Panchls. 2 hy number, 16 males and 15 females, offered no complaints and and the land to be sold:
AE is survived by his widow and four SR coslon was that cyerything was being done that could be for the That the Reeve of the sald Township of Maidstone be and he is hereby

ie R. B. McMORROW, Manager. hg
© 41Pitt St, E Windsor. Phone 3961
: . wh ¥

SANDWICH.

= Mrs. J. Wigie. Sandwic!

8 lost

children, his mother and sister, Nina, LW, ; thorized to sell the sald strip of land to the adjoining owners. - - Ee
residing in Bi raters 1 The Jury was horrified at tho prevalence of criminal assaults, and for | ‘That this rian come into force, immediately upon the final passing |
' Phi a the protection of society would .recommend that ti fre "gly 0 4 \ { <2
Han, of Niagara Falls, N. Y., and an-| sayere -penten > lo offenders be given a thereof. / aig 2
) | other brother, Louis, at presen on his | eases, we ce accompanied with the lash, In reference to the seditious Finally passed in Council assembled this 15th day of December, 1017. y i ® %
by way Lor borin: 4 | Cusine think greater care should be takn In granting ball for offcneds of (Stengd) A. MOUSSEAU, ) (Signed) THOS. PLANT, | D Y R T N 1 Re
: wilc Clerk. ; Leeve. ; M
3 : FEEDING BRAINS —- All of wich Is respectfully sumbitted. 5 . We do hereby cortify that the foregoing is n true copy of a hy-luw finally 0 ou eq re ew h ne
7 gs dy (Signed) CHAS. J. STODGELL, padsed by the Council of the Townghip of Maidstone on the ‘date aid for the _
hy Studious Children Always Crave Sandwich, Ont.. November 22nd, 1918, LY Dn SSEAT: (Signed) THOS. PLANT, For
Oatmeal EES + Olerk. UE AB { Reave. | “ § a
< i What's a Feller to Do? ' The P . : SCHEDULE “B". >
; : oo “Its un funpy thing” obse e Prehistoria Buffale.” OWN OF MAIDSTONE, BY-LAW No. 76
re gives cats more organic phos y thing,” observed the A hugs Dultaloiwith shfmions Loses T SHIP 2 dstione.

8 than to any other grain she grows.
Bosphorus (6 the brain's main con-
t. Haine can't grow, bra.as can't
ithout it.

iti itls0 contain more lecithin—the nerve

than Say of ienaE alts They form our

hy growing children love oat
ne lostinet within thom cally for
‘and woe to the chill who
all it wants,

facetious, philosopher, ~ “my friend A BY-LAW to amend By-Law 742 of the Township of
Jones say#he Lo married becativs ho I3 conspicuous In prehistorie- rock Whereas It is deemed expedient to amend By-Law No.
can’t afford a wife, and 1 can't ¢ ford dfawings' lately found in Algeria. ahip of Maidstone, passed December 16th, 1917. ;
a wife because I am married.” The African elephant {8 also a strik- Be it therefore enacted by the ‘Munleipal Council of the Gapioration. of

Ing feature, and other animals include

the lon, leopard, gazelle and domestic
goats and sheep. y

The fnauguration was announced nt
Sarnin by Hon, W. J. Hanna, President
of the Imperial OI Co, Limited, of a | north of the Talbot Road lots.”
plan of, co-operative partnership be- : : That this by-law hall cone into force Imm
bushel, | 1 a a . ween the company and ts six thou. | thereof. a pS A wl
uate sin aks French soldiers to tho number of [Sand employees 1 Bort of industrial Pagsed In Council assembled this Sth dny of
Kraimsarese | io0,000 wore killed during the war |Fepublic. = ASienedy. A MOUSSEAU, dian Sim
according to a statement by the So.| Golden rain oats EN a
deputy, Vollin, {n the Chamber , foregoing
puties at Paris during an inted- ae
tion the Go srnment de-
Ae eT os

AEE

£ of the Town:

a
for next
order

To Remove Ink. P

To remove Ink from fingers wet the
fingers and then rub with the phos
phorous end of a match. Wipe the

fingers and repeat until the stain dis-

aro the rich, ,
icest pais thera | “PPEATS:

-

