wor,

1G,
Kily,
LTH
neti

they
y ln
LW

Colcheiter South Council.

Abnday, January 11th, 1918.
Council net in regfulnr session us

per statute, i
Present Mewrs. Clark, Deslippe and

| McLean. 4

The, Kind You Hove Alweye Brught, and which Ees been
* ‘in use for over over 20 years, hos borné the sigeature of

) end hos been made under his per-
- BT sonel supervision eince its fnfancy.
4 Allow no ore to deceive you in this,

Al Counterfeits, Imitations' and * Just-ae-good ? are by
Experiments: that trifle with and ee rhe health Lv

“What is CASTORIA

Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil,” Paregoric.
Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is pleasant. It i
neither Opium, Morphine nor other narcotic substance, Its
age is its grarantee. For more thaa years it hes
been in constant use for the relief of Constipation, Flatulency,
Wind . Colic and Diarrhoea; allaying Feverichness arising
therefrom, and by regulating the Stomach and Bowels, gids
the assimilation of Food; giving healthy and natural clecp.
The Children’s Panecea—The IMothes!s Friend.

vo

In Use For Over 30 Years
The Kind You Have Always Bought

THE CENTAUR COMPANY, NEW YORK CITY,

The memberzeloct took and sub--
scrited to the neessary oath of quali-
fication and dedpration of office.

Moved by Mer. Deslippe and: Mc-
Lean, the first reading of a by-law ap-
pointing. certain township officers.—
Carried, and byJow read lst time.

Moved by Mesars. McLean and Des-
lippe, thct the 1%th rule he suspended

4 for the despatch of business.—Carried.

The council then went into a com-
mittee of the whole for the second
reading of the by-law with the reeve
in the chair,-and blanks filled and by-
Jaw given ond reading, Council re-
cumed for 3rd reading.

Moved’ hy Mesers. Deslippe andMe-
Lean, the ord reading of the by-law.—
Carried, and by-law read; passed and
adopted.

Counell adjourned.

ee

: IFALDEN COUNCIL.

Wednesday, January 16th.
The pewly-electnd council, namely,
Reeve Waldron and Councillors Ben-
nett, Brawn, Martin and Langlois, met
at the town Iall; Malden, for organ-
jzation, and After filing the necessary
Ueclarations of office and guclifications
took thelr seats at the council table,
The minutes of last mecting and of
cial meetin vere‘ rend and, on
Bennett and Mar-
were -adop as read with the
corrpction of F. C. Braun's warrant of
£12.00 for 4 ¢rips to Windsor to con-
sult Mr. Rodd re extension and attend.
Ing court, which were omitted from
the minutes
Moved by Mr. Martin, seconded by
Mr. Bennett, thet the following bills
be pald:—Charles Brush, $57.90, for

*1193 hours sliovelling snow on road at

30 cents por hour; Byrd Piper, $18.45,
for 6134 hou ghovelllng snow on road
at 80 cents per hour; Janes ScBride,
$12.30, for 47 hours shovelling sno on
roads at 30 w@eonts per hour; Walter
Goodchild, $18.50, for 45 hours shovel

A Married Woman Becomes 2
a Girl Again. |

—ie

By MARIE G, MITCHEL

RL y
“Really, Jeanotte,hrenkfast must be
on time! Yesterday 1 bad to run’ for
my train, and {vsithe same way to-
day,” and Nr. Crenmore 100k a hurried
Inst swallow of coffee, pushed his paper
into his pocket with one hand, took out
nls watch with the other and started
for the door. ouly turnlog to say: "Jean-
otte, the coffce {1s no better today. You
really must speak to Sarah again.”

“Yes, Arthur, 1 know, but Sarah,” be-
gan poor Jeanette, stopping to quiet
Bobby's demands to “Walk: dust 'ittle
bit 0° way wie daddy.”

When the front door had closed and
Bobby and daddy vere ou thelr way,
Jeanette turned. with a sigh to attend
to the many dally dnties of a house-
keeper with ane incompetent maid and
two bables. an

1t was n:bot, sultry morning, the chil.
dren fretty and Sarah in an uncertain
humor, 08 Jeanette bitled baby Jedi.
with Bobbys doubtful help. “A little
frown” crossed ber_forehead and her
lips tightened. “Oh, dear: Why does
it all have to Le so different after pco-
ple are married! Things alweys going
wrong; not half time enough to sect
them right. Iusses instead of—well,
compliments and roses,” and Jeanette
laughed in spite of herself, ‘but ncross
her memory flashed the picture of two
people on a moonlit piazza.

“Are you sure, Arthur, dear,” the

n moment he had ber rod at work
and a tiny Oy rippled the surface of the
water. She tri¢d again, but this time

Mit caught fo the bushes, - Tle next time

lier patience was rewarded, and a fir
sized tront Iny beside ber on the bank.
“Not so bud.” refoleed Jeanette, “I
wish Artbur could see yon." She triel
several nearby pools with no success;
then the line and fly became hopeless.
ly entangled in a tree. In despair sho
climbed Into the low branch of n nearby
scrub apple tree and with a long stick
was trying to poke the line from the
branches of the other tree when it

slipped from her hand and fell with a

crash. She heard a sudden exclama-
mation and, turning quickly, almost
lost her balance, A young man was
standing in tho brook behind ber, rod
fn band, his line entangled with hers,
astonishment in his face.

“What"'— he began, then stopped.

“Were you going to say, “What am I
doing In this tree? I'll tell you what
I was trying to do. Did my stick hit
you?” Jeanctte paused for want of
breath.

“It did. It hit my arm with that re-

sult,” and the young man waved his |
hand toward the tree full of lines, “But |

what were you doing in the tree? It is
a good thing you made yourself known
or you might have leard some lan-

guage. There is a trout in that pool,

just one, that I have tried for every

day for a week on every fly 1 possess, |

but I can't sult bis taste. - He's a

mighty particular old gentleman. But !

1 am bound to have the old chap it I
have to devote my entire vacation to
the job.”

“Oh, I'm afraid 1 have your trout!”
Jeanette “exclaimed. “Look!” and she
held the trout up for his inspection.

“By Jove! Did you get him out of
that pool?. If you did, he is the samp |
old boy. I'm glad to know he is caught. |

It takes a load off my mind, Would

you mind showing me the fy be took?" |

“Not at all, but I can't. The fly isin
the tree,” and Jeanette pointed to where

SPT Prv rey

WE HAVE IN STOCK

SHINGLES, LATH, CEDAR POSTS, BARN BOARDS,
JOISTS, MOULDINGS OF ALL KINDS, DOOR SASH,
EAVETROUGH, 8,

Lee eled ded bobb bk

" WOODEN
BEAVER BOARD.

Place your order with us and save money

JOHN FRASER

Planing Mill and Lumber Yard

Ba 0a 2 a ee eh ok ob 2 ok ob 3h ot 2 hat ob Slot of

3

oor’ ANGE ~~ 1
ren on hy

‘Trappers’ Sup ity Cth

ogra sure; filaytrathd ;- witie:

bale, ligadlirhts, Oh no J
Crskary - traprera’ and pos Eric hd
1vtnlies 81 low prio,
HE Raw Fur News
Crus Jasent prince and nila
4 hitormstion ii Dune
for markets
Wrlie to-slav,

RUBBEROID ROOFING,

AMHERSTBURG, ONT.

i
i
;
:
:
:
:
i
i
i
i
¥
|

hadi AR RA Rane Rts a LEAS Sd

H

girl was saying, “we won't be like all { (no two dies hubg In the branches

EET

Davis
ney to
tiated

Publle
io and}
OAT. Ol.
terest,
ellutis
no 2851,
——

", ETC,

EE

“and netves require.

Fare occured fraoy a bushel, Hut these fine

~

THE LOVE OF OATS ANDERDON COUNCIL.

‘Why Normal, Active People Alweys Tuesday, January 15th, 1818.
Crave Oatmeal The members of tho council for the
_ Oats contain more body-building (ood tha’ r 1918, viz: Raymond Rochelecau,
mny other. grain that grows. They contain eve; Walter Papst, James Charette,
more encrgy-giving dood. - You know their | Joseph Bewetent and Eddie Renaud,
effect on borses, Councilors, met aot the town hall at
Oats contain more organic phosphoris the hour prescribed by statute for or-

th i : sis V
on LA En a ald gonlzation, each] member subscribing
moré.Jecithin, and lecithin is tho chief |to his declaration of qualification and

 

: Lompomcnt of the entire nervous system. of office. '

That's why workers love oatmeal, That's Moved by Mr. Charette, seconded by.

FE why growing childrencraveit,. Itigsimply | Mr. Papst, that the “reeve take the

the call of natute for-what bodies, braigs | op or = Cnrried:

Ont some oatmeal fails fo meet theso Moved by Mr. Papst, seconded by

f requirements, Oaly the richest, plhmpest Mr; Charefte, thatthe minutes of the

oats supply a food worth while, Tbe choic- | statutory meeting of- Decamber 15th,
est cats aro sifted 62 times-to get the [and of special meeting of December
grains for Quaker Oats. Only ten pounds | agi), just read be-adopted.—Carried.

CRILE, Junk = ~
BE Tr PTO 4 nr. Charette, that Anson Pettypimse

Oatmeal is tho most important food you |get a warrant for $6, J. C, Pettyijlece

Moved by Mr. Papst, seconded by |

pm as Ning snow om roads et 30 cents per | those married peoplewho scem to bave

hour; Edward Renaud, $20.40, for 281| ¢oreotten Low to be really nice to each
hours shovelling “snow on road at 307 shar and just fuss about house things
dents per hour and one day's work A: food 1 2d rall Enc and
with team and 3 men completing the | 288 fooC au El YON
breakwater om river front rond;.GIl-| Papers at the table and all that?
bert Bastien, $8.50, for filling holes in| “Sure as {anytiinz. sweetheart,”
two bridges: on CreeX road and grad- Jaughed the mm. “We could never bo
ing approaches, and {aking forms out | like that, and as for reading papors
of two mew cement bridges at the cor- | when I have you #erdss the table from.
ner aff the 4th. concession; Edward | me, well’—
Deneaun,, $9.20, for 31 hou ovelling Jeanette came ‘out from ber reverie
Sey on oa ab 2 hou just in time ta save little Jean's tiny
d, Wigle & McHugh, 3.84, fo Narn 3 se Janne ;
fees and bn rsertr ro appeal of Ye Phos fron), beiiraunclid urd

Anderdom and Colchester South, L. he
M. D. extension; Harold Bezudoln, “What fun it wonld be if onc could

$6.30, fair 21 hours shovelling anow on | OnIF. for. a tiny vacation. push time
ronds att 30 cents per hour; Wilfrid | backward and be Just a girl azaln, with
AMartim, $3.30, for 11 h valling | nice men to say nice things and all the
SNOW on roads nt 20 cents per hour; | rest of it,” thought Jeanette, Wonder
hd Sellars, $4.35, for be hours | {f I've changed a whole lot in four
SA wane So SON rosds, LAE cents yenrs,, Would I get’tio snme kind .of

ur; son, ‘Plke & Stewart, | 0464 times? I wold {lke to try.” And,

| $542,883, for Anderdon and Col i]

| , for n i ole rt tacking babs tinder ;
South costs re appeal on L. M. D. Ex- sucking Dany Hildep ane apm, Jentetts
tension; Howard Gibb, $20, salary gg| an to the mirror, Not so bad. - Iam

perve, And tho best costs oaly onebalt

fcert par dish. Don't supply your table
Ewith inferior on {
§. Madein Canada. A ae

NET

PRA

$10.50, Francis Monforton $10.50 and
Dennis P. Droulllard, $10.50, seam as
deputy . Returning. Officers; Allyert
Burns $2; Rossmond Coyle $2. Oliver
Reaume $2 and Willlam Droulllardi ‘¢2,
{e as Polk Clerks; A. C. Maillmux,

50, fees as Returning Oflicer,yand

50, for stamps and stationery; Eicho

hting Go... $9 ,publishing notice. of |

srt of regislon’ on sidewalk in Fras
Ne. $4.80 for alection supplies, and

), publishing by-law to raise $13,000;

mn Grant, $6.35, for clothing got for

Cox: “George Meloche,: $1.2,30,

Laurent Rennud to House (of

. & J and “$18, taking Mike Cox wn
he House 0f Refuge; Andrew Gibb: with

7 4 *49 wen. $11.40, for snovelling SUOW,;

— REE — — v te Ouellette with n £5.25,
L, BER TRAND for shovelllng snow; L S hep:
FUNERAL DIRECTOR pith, 3 ‘men, § ¥ ovelling

PRACTICAL Embalmer, Mu Albert B. Fox, with 5 men,
Amherstburg, Day § 5.80; for shovelllng snow; Alma AMar-
ola ‘le Avith 3 men, $4.90, for shovelling

snow; Joseph V 10teé’ with 6 men,

 

janitor for the year 1917: John H. Pet- tired, of cougse, “but’ with the same

typlece, 'Sec..Treas. of the Amherst-
burg.-Anderdon & Malden Agricul
Society, $560, grant for 1917; P. 1

cher, Sec. of Ontario Corn Gro
Association, $25, for township grant.—
Carried.

pointed assessor for the year 1918 at
a salary of $75 and ne extras.—Car-
ried. ;

Moved by Mr. Bennett, seconded by

Mr. Langlois, t the by-law confirms{*

|ing the -app nent be péad,—C
ried, and by-law rea id
number of; timcs and
and adopted.

Council adjocrned.

— — -

DOGS KILLING SHEEP INDUSTRY.

(Kingsville Reporter.)
Tilbury Fast and many of the town-
ships in Western Ontario have recent-

for sho ng snow; Josephi®liy been heavy losers irom the depreda-

tocheleau, $2 , for ghovelling snowy,
“land Alex. Beaudoin, $150, Taterest aij
ote.—Carried.

CHAS. LEGEGET

. GRADUATE gevician,

- the appointment of wenhers of
tie Local Board of Heaith, be ndad
ENtnotonn yoars experibnay, Hungdrods of & firgt time.—Carried. :

ed pasionts who are living timonia Connell went into committee of tna
Ex slonivo Optical Parlors Main 5¢ Kingavilio vhole for=tie ~ sdcond ng, Mir.

Iseuer of Marriage Licenses. Beneteau in the chair. By-law road a

C. P. R. Ticket Agent. econd time. SBouneil . resumed nr
a {third reading.
TR 1 | Moved by Mr. Chareute, geconded ly
ioe © 1 Air. Renaud, thatsBy-law be read © im
{thind time —<Carried, and by-law rema

a third time and passed.

Moved by Mr. Papst, seconded hiy
Mr. Charette, that Bydaw No. 587, for
the appointment of auditors be read a
first tyme.—Carried. +

Council_went info committee of the

‘holo for the second reading, Mr

enpud in the chair, By-law read a
second time with bjanks filled in with
Adolphe P. Laframboise and Francis
Manforion,” Council resunied for third
reading. “-

Moved by:Air. Beneteau, seconded by
Mr. Charette, that by-law be read a
third @ime.—Carried, and by-law read
a third time and passed.

Moved By Mr. Charette, soconded; by
Mr. Papst. that Donus Souligny get a
warrant for $25, for one sheep killed
by unknown dogs. —Carried.” -

Moved by Mr. Parat, so nded by
Mr. Charette, that Aix” coples of the
Municipal World be ordsied, one copy

for each member of. the council and

Clerk. and ‘the Clerk” be given ‘aywar
Jrant for $6 to pay for same. —Carried.

Moved by Mc. Charette, 88c0) by
Mr. Rennud, tat we adjourn at-|

& Hany, January. 26th, at 1 pan—Cag
{rleds - r :

Be Clean—and Safe.
Think of the fefm-latdea, things

“Charley, you can't go home in- this
wial storm,” sed a {nir‘Boston maid
a5 hep steady opmed front door;
“wait in fhe parlor and Tl go up and |

tions of dogs. Tilbury alone has had
5 sheep killed, costing the municipal-
ity £8339—more than all the dogs in

Ar. : nded big the township are worth. The dog tax
Tenoteay, ti Jaw No. BMG) for the township is 3). leaving $410

to, come from the eral fund for
Tong of shdep. 7 :
Gosfield. South was also a heavy
{ loser, something llke $108 being paid
to one man for logs of his flock, and
thero are other claims to come In.
‘As we have stated before in these
columns, farmers each year for many
rvears have been decreasing their
flocks, principally because , of, the
ravages of dogs. The present high
price and the scarcity of wool should
be strong incentives to go into the
business of sheep ralsing extensively,
but id long as anybody can keep a
dog hy paying $1 a year the sheep
Indusiéry wil bé dormant. If the tax
wero ridised to $5 on dogs, and the

farmer gid full value for any sheep

destro¥ad or damaged, ag at present,
there Should be some encouragement
for -shfap growers. Sheep are the
easiest kapt and are the most valuable
animals from several standpoints that

8 farmer. con have. They will. live}

and thrive where other animals would

| starve, and a5 a means of increasing

land. fertfily they are unrivalled,

_ It 18) probable that restrictions
Fo wy omen au Shiidsen Journey:
the om wilt ba

MUEn lightened. ©
/*A maker of baby carriages in New
York asked for exemption from milf-
tary service on the: ground: that his
alling was cssentidl to. the life of
tes tion: “The quektion was left un-

pare room 80, you can stay |

Moved b r. Langlois, seconded by|
ar. Bran at. Johm Sdgnr. be onpe|~

clothes, time for haf fixing ind cold
cream I woulda’t Jook =o different.”

She dressed and Ted the baby swith
an abstracted air.~ As slie Iald her In
her crib the front door opened. “Flello,
Jeanie,” called a voled fn a stage whis-
per. “the babes asleep _
“Wait. Pll coma liGivis! answered
Jeanette, sulting the action ‘to tho
words. “Kit, dear, 18's good to see you,
How did you get here so soon?”

“I came Jute last night, found mother
deep in Red Cross work for the day, 80
camergver Bere. Come lcre, Bobby,
Boy, ahd give nuntle a kisg Merciful
beavens, Jean, but you look hot and
tired! Believe me, Il continue to
stick to-kindergurten work. At Jeast
you get « vacation fn hot weather.
Here you areslanded io a house in thd
country suppesedlyifor a vacation, but
you don’t Jook as though you were
ting one. .Sarali’ any better help now 7

“Not, much, and, you sce, Kit, we
bave to ent, and the, bales must-lo
tuken caro of uo matter whore we are,

 

: way over the stoned. , Jeanette stopped |

Can't be helped, so don't get excited.”

“Well. t's too bad. I'l) tell you what,
Jeanie,” aimed Kit, otherwise
Katherine, “I have an idea, Change
Paces with me (or the rest of the day.
Just start off and do any oid thing you
like and leave the kiddies to the tender
mereles of thelr Aunt Kit.”

“You are a dear, but you ohly came
Inst night and are thed yourself. I
won't do it.” s

“I'm not tired like you are. I haven't

a thing to do, and-1 love the babies.
Just skip along.”

“But, Katherine, “you don't know
about their food and naps, and Bobby
is_bard to manoge, and Sarah is-in a
bad humor,” began Jeanette:

“Now, listen.  Yon'ean tell me about

food and naps. Aud donit I manage
thirty little wretclies ton months in the
Fear? As for Sarab,'youn can leave hep
‘to me. . ll Jolly her along.”
_ “Well,” hesitated Jeanette, “then I'll
doit? 9 :

“Got along befora you change your
mind.” Katherine wns “relentless
ato” at'her heels, ? :

Fifteen minutes later Jeanetto might’
bave Deen seen stealing quietly out of,
a side door clad in trampling skirt and.

middy blouse. Under her arm was a
book and a long puckage suspleionsly
Uke a fishing rod. Over her shoulder

‘umg Osh basket. She took n-short

 

overhead. In another moment they
wero both at work disentangling the
lines. .
“There! The trick is done. 1s that the
fiy be took? It would have been about
my. last guess,” be said. “By the way,
1 have a few small trout, and I'm as
hungry as a bear., What do you say
to cooking them and eating them on
the spot? I know you don't live In the
village, but from what youn say you
must be visiting there. I'm Deacon
Alden’s nephew, Stephen Alden, and if
vou are visiting relatives you are prob-
ably a second or third cousin of mine,
You know about every one is related
in a village of this size, so everything
will be perfectly proper, Come on,
cousin, let's get luncheon,” and .he
laughed with such boyish good nature

and. good will that Jeanette lnughed |

also. -

“You certainly sound respectable. I'll
add my trout and sandwiches to yours.
You make a fire and I'll cook the
trout.”

The thought of food brought the ba-
bles to Jeanette's mind. Would they
give Bobby the right food and” the
baby's milk? - Brt she. resolutely put
them out of her mind énd tried to have

tho “good. tiME® that. she, would haye |.

bad before the advent of Arthur and
the, babies.

Stephen Alden was haviog a good
time and a “good feed,” and he rattled
on in n happy, cdre free fashion.

1n spite of herself, Jeanette answered
rather absentmindedly, How bad sho
happened to: forget” (hat coat of Ar-
thur's? It should have gone to. the
cleaper’s that morning,

She answered a question about a_re-.

ocnt moval so vaguely that the young
man looked at-her in a puzzled way.

“Probably not mu of a reader,” he
thought.“ “She's a mighty pretty girl
and a, good litle companion. Didn't
fuss a bit about smoke or bugs, and she
can fish. Il try her on something
else.” v

“Qh, dear,” thought Jeanette, “I'd |

forgotten what stapid things 1 used to
like fo talk about. Tennis. ball gumes,
dancing, were all very well, but how I
would lilfe to get hold of those blessed
babies. 1 simpjy can’t stand {t.*”

“I really must be starting now.” for

bome,” she began, gathering up her”

things. “It's been very nice and jolly
and thanks for getting me out ‘of the
mess I was in. No, ya must riot leave
your fishing. Im not far from Lome,”

and she left go abruptly that Stephen
Aldén wondered what he could possi:

bly have sald to offend her.
As she camo into the village she saw
peoplo hurrying along the street.
“What Is all the excitement?” she
called as two boys ran past her.
_ “Been nn accident Baby run over
by ‘an automobile. The yelles hairpd
kid what belongs to them clty folks.
Guess he's kill called the boy.
Ellled! Her Jittle Bobby, whom she
bad left such, a ebort, time ago. Oh,
where was: Arthur! If she could
get to him this, nightmare would go.
“Why-badn't she lized sooner what
Arthur’and the bables meant to bee?
How could she have eyer thouglit for,
one minute thit it would be fun to go
back to those meaningless,

ns she knew now! If ad only

cut across some fields 10 a cool woodsy' | been nt ‘home this, dreadful thing

a little brook rippled its

100k m Jong breath,
it 0 élls and how

hurdler inthe br
both hin, into the | was at her side in an instant. “Jean, |
© dear, it o0't Bol y. Look, he 1s on

couldn't have haben NAT A
"She never knowhow slic reached ber |

front gate. She saw her husband in
the crowd.” “Arthur,” she cried. *
by"— She could get no further. H

| the porch. It is ahother ttle fellow,

ut he fo not much hurt. Where have

pleasureful |
girlhood days! If she had only known

4 Dear Folks
at Home:

Keep your soldier
or sailor boy well
supplied ‘with

WRIGLEYS

(t's an outstand-
ing feature of |
the war. “ail the” df

“ AlliedArmies are

chewing it.”

Relieves thirst
and fatigue.
Refreshes =~
and sustains.

The

Flavour
Lasts

G.GUM

eT]

 
