  
 
 

 
  
  
 
     

 
  
  
         

ERSTBURG ECHO.

Ky ANAEMIC GIRLS

Can Regain Good Health Through
Dr. Williams’ Pink
Pills,

Bloodlessness 1s the trouble of
many girls who ought to be full of
life and good spirits. Instead they
are pale, their lips have no color,
they have no appetites, their diges-
tion fs poor, and if they walk fast,
either {n the street or going up stairs
they are so tired and out of breath
that thelr hearts beat as it to burst.
Almost always such girls are thin,
flat-chested and sallow, with noth-
ing attractive about them. If they
do nat get better they will have a
cough in the winter and then, not
unlikely, consumption, that most
hopeless of all disenses will develop,
No girl should be lke thin. She
should be plump, rosy-cheeked and
full of life, able to talk fast and to
stand exertion without being breath.
less and palpitating, To be in this
healthy, happy condition she must
have plenty of good, rich, red blood
48 it 1s only through the blood that

rn serene

ROAD MAKING. drawn at an angle of about 45 degrece.

For the last stroke or two the draw
may be drawn ‘backward with the
round slide of the sind to the front and
with comparatively little angle,

There are two stages when ronds
will drag and one when you cannot do
a job satisfactorily. Tho first stage is
when they are in on very sloppy con-
dition fin spring or [n other REARONS
after a heavy rain. A road maythen
be shaped up wonderfully well, and
after a heavy rafm. A road ma Yen | $O004ri004rittr 0000000000000 00000000 n Sara aaa ar .
a little, before it 18 cut up with thafiie,

it will make a smooth, fine road. Drag- DISEASE-CARRYING INSECTS. i
ging at this stage fllls ruts and sends R. C. GORDON HEWITT, Dominion Ebtomologist, has prepared af
os Water to the Sidi After fui leafiet on the suppression of two Insects that may causa a great
80) Stage comes ga sticky tage when “1 1
the ‘mud will roll up under the drog deal of disease among soldjors, namely flies and lice. His di

tions are so simple and of such real valuo that they aro &l

 
  
    
    
  
   
   
 
    
   
      
    

 
   

 

  
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
     
       
   
 
  
      
    
  
   
      
  
 
   
  
 
  
   
   
 
   
  
   
   
    
   

There are many miles of roads
which must bo maintained by somo
means, more or less inexpensively,
On the Dominton Experimental Farms
tho split-log drag Is found ‘vo he ane
of the most useful Instruments for
this purpose. It 8 now in use In many
localities and on Increasing mile 150
of the rural highways of this country
is being kept in repair economically
by the use of this simple Instrument,
Construction of the Split-Log Drag.

A dry, sound red cedar log 1s the
best material for n drag, the hard
woods being usually too heavy for
this purpose. The log should be from
seven to eight feet long and from ten
to twelve Inches in diameter and care-
fully sawn down the middie, The
heaviest and beat slab should be
selected for the centre, both flat sides
to the front and set in edges thirty
inches apart, giving the back half a
set-back of sixteen to eighteen Inches
at the right end so that when the drag
In drawn along at an angle parallel]
to the ditch on the right side of the
rond, the end of the back halt will be
directly behind the front half, ns other.
wise the ditch end of the rear slab
wauld stick out past the ditch end of

the' front slab, crowding Into the bank
the body can be healthy. And the [and interfering with the proper work-
only medicine that will keep tle |Ing of the drag.

blood supply rich and red and puro Two cross-pleces aro wedged In two-
Is Dr. Willlams' Pink Pills, Their | inch auger holes bored through the
effect upon the pale, weak girl who slabs and on the right hand glide a
glves them a fair triar {5 wonderful. | plege of scantling is inserted between

HewSeventy.; x Hours Gave 4
Profit of $58.29,

     
   
 

      
     
  
     
    
     
  
    

    
   
   
       

VER

 
  
   
       
       
           
    

SUGGESTONS FOR FAR!

8

 
   
  
  
 
  
  
  
    
   
   
   
   
 
   
  
  
   
   
  
   
 
   
    
  
  
        
  
  
  
    
     
  
    
   
  
  
    
 
     
   
   
   
 
   
  
  
  
  
    
 
 
    
   
    
 
   
   
 
  

BY JOHN Ww. §, McCTLLOUGH, M.D., D.P.H., CATEF OFFI

OF THE PROVINCIAL BOARD OF HEALTH,
Praying npierial Should Be O-¢ rod

Early 1s Ve P—eep the Farm.
Ing MIN Go I2—Work tn (ne
Dairy, spble end in the Oreham.

(Costin atea oy Cntnrig
Apeicilture, Tor,

 

   
    
    
      
   

    
    
  
    
    
  
   
   
    
   
   
    
    
  
     
  
   
   
  
    
    
    
    
    
  
  
   
  
    

    
    
      
   

OR luncheon and dinne®on Lax

. ter Monday anq Tuesday the

decorations should express the

Eastor apirit. RabbIfg, chickens

{na eggs must appear in one form or

another: The shops are filled with
lovely place cards and’favory.

One effect wideh fy churming for a
luncheon table has yellow and whire
for its color scheme. , In the center of
the table is a mound of daffodils sur-
rounding a big white egg, from which
a little white chicken peeps. From she
center streamers of yellow ribbon lea)

|to the four corners and finish in q bow.
|At cach place is found a little candy
| filled rabbit standing on its hing legs
[with the front feet extended.

| On the feet is placed the Jttle cq nl
|with the name of the 'guest whose
[place 1t 48. The upper half of the ral.
bit comes off, and the body is filled
with tiny bonbons.” These serve as

      
  
  
   
 
     

 

 

     
     
         
   
 
   

  
  
    
    
  
   
  

OW A PROFIT of 2558 a

WAS
mace from twenty-six [ene

     
   
  
  
   
  
   
 
  
   
  
  
   
     
   
    
     
    
  
     
   

and the road cannot be reduced to a
satisfactory condition. After this | herewith:

again, when the surface approaches a

crumbly texture, the drag may be used
very successfully. ‘

FILL OUT AND FILE
INCOME TAX FORMS

which turned (pe table
Herap®, and £26.18 worry +f

feed nto 364.42 worth of egps 1s dp
gcribed (nog rocent circular or (ne
Centra) Expurinieutal Farm, Ottawa,
The birds wero not selected with a
view to the rreatest production non
sible, but rather 1o the mecuring of
such a flock am any amateur i, grt
€0 out and purchase, The flock con-
glited of (wenty-six birds- four of
which were three-year-old Black ap.
born hens, six White Leghorn pellets
and one Black Minorca pullet hatehed
in May, and (he

 

        
    
 
 
   
   
   
  
     
    

   
    
     

SUPPRESSION 100 to 160 eggs. From these eggy in warm weather yal Bes
OF FLIES maggots emerge in less than a day and ano

thet gonaration
of flies fs produced in about ten days. Fresh’ horss manury
is the chief breeding place, but they will breed in

any kind of exerement]

anc orgunic refuse such as garbage from the medy tents, ete. Stablés and
horse lincs should be kept clean. Do not leave manure standiag for more
than a day. 4

“All fresh manure should be collected and bur:
erators for that purpose. Where, for any reason
impossible the manure should be treated by the
in the life and death battle with the | following mettods:
forces of barbarism, and the necessity

‘1. If moeb straw is used, pile in Heaps as Orly as possible anf water]
of distributing the burden as equit- | or spray the heaps, especially around the edges, with a solution cf borax fn
ably as possible, made the fmposition | the proportion of one-half pound of borax to thr

 

Income War Tax Forms Must be Filed
Before March 31st

   
    

     

        
    
     
 
  
  
    
  
 
 

      

 

 

   

It was Inevitable that an Income war
tax law should have been: placed on
the statute books, The growing de-
mands made upon Canada, as one of
the free nations of the world, engaged

     
  
    

      
   
 

    
    
    

nt in the special incin<]’
, immediate burning.
most convenient of Lh. i

    
   
   
 

 

  
  
     
   

    
     
      
  
   
    
 
   
    
   
    
   
     
    
   
   

 

balance were crogpe-

 

    
       
      

   

 

    
    

 

  

©0 gailons af water,
of a tax, based on ability to pay, mere-| tions oi- certain proprietory disinfectants may bo vsed {f borax cannct bof
breds Dluck and White 1 ros. | They improve the appetite, back. [the ends of the slabs. This 18 of great Iy a. matter of time. obtained,
| both place cards and favors. hatched in June, They wore put [26hes and headaches disappear, the | value In strengthening and stiffening
| . 3 A
| At such a luncheon the colors mug | I0t0 wint

 
 
 

Sr quarters until weii vn in
» and it was Dees
TEL egpfwas ald
How the Flock Was Kept,
An old wood Shag :
twelve fect wy
house. In the

glow ot health tinges the cheeks, tha

eyes sparkle, and the step bacomes In working a clay or gumbo rond it
light - ana elastle, Thousands of | is advisable to put fron on the lower
girls throughout Canada owe their | edge of both flat sides, Handles may
health and a:tractive appearance to | be attached to a plece of fron similar
Dr. Willlams’ Pinl* Pills ang do not [to a piece of wagon tire, the irons to

lesitate to say uo Miss Jennie [be hinged to the back of each end of
Book, Beamsville, Ont,

  

All the great nations eénguged In the

conflict have found pack it tightly and make the irmaly-packed sides a
make the income tax one of their | vertical as possible. Gover with a foot of earth if thi:

3 can he dona,
principal sources of revenue. Among | “Keep the flies out of the garbage by covering it. Burn all garbagn anid
the more striking evidences of the will | organic refuse 48 s00n as possible,

to win in these times of sacrifice, is “It Is most important that all e
the spirit with which the people of breed in it and carry infection from it

the end of the front slab,
Novembe

before

 

be preserved throughout, starthg wit)
[grapefruit and a golden chicken dong:
|lon, followed by salmon or eggs In ong
fashion or another. Chicken may le
served as the meat, or If chops are
{ferred little yellow rufllets can be

“2. If the manmnre is fairly free from straw,
It ‘necessary to| manure with epades to

 

ith

 

 

 

pilv in heapn, bene th

   
    

   
       
    
   

    
    
 

pre-
pnt

     

 

sar

   
 

Xcrota should bo, covered; flics will

      

     
   
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
    
   
   
   
  

  
    
  
 

       
    

 

    
  
   
   

to food,
Great Britain— upon whose soldiers “All excreta in the latrines should be completely covered, Special
side, Says:—*] [the front “slab. By pressing the [rests the major portion of the war's! attention shavld be paid to its satisfactory and kpeedy disposed, |
on their stems. Orange salad Leeps up| PCP€8 from Ui floor go line 0 suffered for over “Wo “years fiom |handles the drag could be raised, thus | financial by
the color scheme and a banana ar ditch toys ive feet wide was placed anaemia, jand gradually grew we ry
i above 10.86

 

depositing a load of dirt which fs de-
iL Previously 1 had been strong | sired to fill a hollow or increase the

and robust, Fut grew palo id 4 |crown at some particular spot.

mere shadow of my former ge I A platform of inch boards held to-
tried several medicines, aud while [ gether by threo cleats should be
some seemed to gl/a ma ismporary [placed in the stakes between the slabs,
rellef, I soon grew worse again. Ar|These boards should be spaced at
the months went by .I began to de- least an Inch apart to allow any earth
spair’ of getting better, when my | that may hegp up and fall over the
mother happened to read an adver-| front slab to sift through upon the
tlsement of Dr. Williams’ Pink Pils | road again. The end cleats should be
and suggested that I should try them. | placed so that they will not rest upon
By the time the first box was finish. | the cross stakes, but drop inside them,
ed. I knew they were helping me, and | These cleats should extend about an
I' continued: the pills for nearly three | inch beyond the finished with of the

months, using in all nine boxes, when | platform. An exfra weight may be
I was restored in eve

 

opening abou:
teen Inches wide was mnde acre
entire front. In this pn (ras
wit

frame
ing

 
  
  

 

rden—are going about the ' ‘ Flles car. emerge from beneath a few fnche 5 of lnosa sGil,  Rurfed
work of supplying the sinews of ‘war. | material should be covered by a-depth of at least ong ov two fect of light}
The people of France and the United | pucked soll. J
States are as cheerfully doing thelr “As flles are bred from’ filth, which may bo intzeted, they should
part and It {8 a forezone conclusion | naturally bo kept off food, ’
that the people of Canada, already “A fivless camp Is possible with propér care,
inured to sacrifice, will make of the DEES 8nG greater comfort for all,”

Income war tax an opportunity to “Two kinds of lice océur common
serve the holiest cause which has ever | Halr Uouse. The former parasite spreads rapidly when favorable conditions;
engaged the aftentfon of mankind. occur such as crowded quarters, Inability to change onn’y clothes, and dir }

Like the fathers of the American | surrcundings, The Body Louee lives on the clothes over tha akin, and ie

Revolution, the free people of the rarely found on the skin itselr. It requires a meat o¢

earth have dedicated their lives, their [ EXPERMINATION® blood twice fn 24 hours. It Jayw its eggs (n tha Beam:
fortunes and r sacred honors, to| Oi LICE

the cause which Laey espouse. The
call upon the fortunes of the people

  

    
   
     

 

  

 

» COV
L cotton, was hinged;
kept hooked up to th
Igh the day, except
feve weather,
Hoppers of oyater
and dry mas Bowe
befo the 8
sisted o
meal, equ
ten amd oni
deep straw
floor into wh
was scattered,

 

    
    
  

   
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 

     

 

         
 

   
     
    
   

     

 

No flies mean less Sloss

    
      

 

     
    
   
    
  
    
   
        
   
     
    

      

ly on man, tho Body Lous and pas

  

   

                       

      
    
    

yellow vanilla cream finishes it. iit.

pr candies are appropriate and atira

tive.

For n children's party there Is a

nl larger fleld for variety. « A new vq raion
laf an old Fume may be rung In vory
Jare to be sought by all the litgle o
The child finding the most shonld re

|neatly, A couple of hundred litle
ceive the prize of a fuzzy ¢ hicken filled

candies may be concealed in
|imaginable corner of the house,
with candy, the second priz belng
smaller rabbit, and “the booby pr

  

 
   
       
 

  

of the clothing und retreats into nuch seams and folds

after feading, The Hair Louse occnry in the haSy, na its
name Ind'cates, and its eggs or

 

   

should be a cardboard rabbit drawin=

 

  
    
     

    

  
   
  
 

  

     
   

      
     

    
  
  

       
  
   
     
      
   

    
  

 
          
      

all corporations
and joint stock companies,

The Department of Finanee is now
calling for the filing of the Necersary
forms, filled out as required, before the

    

nits" are well known, Tha famala lousa
| of Canada is to take the form of af lays from 70 to 80 eggs In two weeks; (ha eggs hatch in three days, Bonye-J »
ry respect to)|added if necessary but, it is seldom graduated tax on all incomes of $1,600 | times. longer, and the next generation beglps to lay eggs in abogt two of Cw
Im the morning, n xed grain, ns. |My old time strength. This “ was needed. a and over enjoyed by all unmarried throe wesks. : n KG Eis
a caniboard egg, on which should be | nalpy cracked corn, wheat and ats, | 8everal years ago, and as 1 have not To use the drag, attach a chain to persons, or widows and widowers with. “The Body Louse is the earricr of typhus fever, in addition ta being El
inscribed “booby.” ©Qual parts. wos givon.. At the same | Si0ce-had any return of the trouble, | the loft cross piece which fs behind out dependent children, and of $3,000 irritating parasite. Avoid scratching the irritated places. LH
For prizesyin other games the choco. | time warmed Water wasteive At I cuntiot speak too highly of Dr. |the front slab, running the other end and over, enjoved by all other per- “Chaiige the clothing as often as possible, Keop yerminons clothe:
n ke delicious and“| Dvom the water, was renewed ar ih | Wiliams’ Pink Pills as a permanent | Of the chain through the hole fn the sons, as well as by
late or nut feggs make delic Es hia ; ROR wears cure for this trouble, and I strongly | front slab near the right end. It is a
acceptable gifts. There are so many [tbe kitchen w such as ver 4

old fashioned games in which prizes
may be given, and this always adds a
7£5t (0 the games,

A costume party for the children af-

varlngs, was fed.
a few handfuls
algo scattered,
The methods followed were sel, as
almast any « ty dweller could

 

recommend them to all anaemfc; mistake to hook this end of the chain
girls."

over the front slab as in the case of
You’ can get these pills through |the other end for “when the drag
any medicine dealer or by maf] at|strikes a stone or snag there Is great

milly at 11
of mixed grain were

    
     
    
      
       
      
     
  
     
    
   
  

away from uminfested kit, Lice die of starvation in abou: a week’s tine
dloearded clothes; “Badly fnfestod clothes not further nesded should

burnt, buried, cr ‘sunk in wator. When clothing epnnot ba removed, ( >

wearing of silk underglothing will serve a5 2 good prayantivea,

     

 

    
    
     

   
  

              

     
     
    
   

       
      
    

 

“Dry heat of 160 Deg, F. maintained for ten “in Euiey, steaw, av boiling |
81st of Mirch. While penalties for | water will destroy lice and thelr CBRE, which are moro diMcult to dostr:
jow, | 50 cents a box or six boxes for $2.50 | danger. Is entirely obviated, failure to carry out the requirements
fords a great deal of amusement and A very small ce Tor a Lo wd on ia Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., | right end of the chain drawn through
dently of room Tor ofigitlity. The.in- no yard room Jrockville, Ont:

tbun tha.aduits, in clothing.

“Clotning may bo freed from lice by weshing with aresol BO0D MAG
aa follewa: Water .:,.. Ne np ov oo 10 gallony ;

Jeyes Fluid. .. 1%: aunces “

BOL BORD «ins vr vile 1% pounds 3

“Wash shirts in cresol soap solution made with boiling water; wash |
blankets fn the solution first. Tunics and panty shoulil' bo turned inside‘)
ont and rubbed with lather, especially along the fans; ailow tho lather to

  

e required» By ny.
ing pul iin the fall and refine
them when poultry is high Lhe
€arly summer the most will Ue had
out of the Hbek without {iterforing
In amy way with elther YOUr own or
your meighbor's back-yard garde

of the act are provided, it fg confldént-
ly expected that the people of Canada,
jealous of thefr right to play a major
role in the confliet, will respond to

this latest call in a Spirit of quiet pat-
riotism.

Ivitatious should direct each Fuest to
. come in Easter: costume. «One of the
best costumes nlong these lines seen in
along time was invented by a small
miss of teh years.
| It was wade of cacdboard to repre
sent an egg and. tied in the back, It
[was a perfeet oval from head to foot.
It was" very oarrow at the battom,
where her feet cume through, and on
ber bead. she wore a white oval cap
made like n sou'wester, which had an
ape for tbe face, but joined the
rest of the costume at the neck. Round
holes ware made in the cardboard at
the sloalders for the arms to come
through. When abe was in’ this cos-
fume it was really remarkdbly like on
ogi, —

the hole In the slab as suggested, this
danger is entirely abviated.

The national health bill now before The operation of the drag Is very
the ‘British House of Lords provides skmple though there are many fine
that an insured woman |s entitled to points that may be learned by exper-
$10 on’her marriage, but it is proposed fence. For ordinary smoothing pur- — rd.
by the amendments to substitute a poses, the drag may be-drawn up and Richard Croker, a . boss of Tam-
“maternfty benefit” of $10 to be paid down the road one or two rounds, [many Hall, picks Hearst 48 a winner
on the birth of the first child within

commencing at the edge and working | in the gubernatoral race in New
two years of marriage. towards the centre. Usually it is) York State.
5 5

 

  

 

     

    

 

      
  
 

  
   
    

 

 

 

  

     

dry on the gorment

    

  

Timely Agricultural Suggestions,

Seed pruln and root geeds secured
from the best soyrees available and in
ample quantities for spring acceding
are a most profitable investment at
this time: of the year, 1: {8 not too:
Ite to germinate seeds of various
kinds of farm crops to deferming
their suitability, for Sprint. seed, A
poor seed 90 js a geod WARIO}
and ‘food is fog fearce to wasgfe any
of It this year, )

   
    
 
 
 

 

   
  

     
    
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
  
    
  
  
  

 

 

 

 
 

Plenty of oxencive for the breadinc
animals will lnanre giror cer aed
more profitable young,

 

 

When the
pel the fann

al

szimRm
esnznnp

Work Is not tao presizing,
i mill busy to ensire
of sound,
Wid s
8 pu

     
 
 
 
  

   
 
  
    

p seed
I Tne
through tha
and plumper
» fewer the
void sow-
and weed geeds—
poorest lovests

 

A MOST every Gray-Dort owner has some

special reason for preferring this car. One

bought it for its appearance. Another bought it-
because of its motor. | Designed by Planche,
perfecter’ of ‘the famous Peugot Motor. Yet
another is won by its ease of driving and com- a ms
fort of riding. : : :

Many men find it the only car within reach of their | *

purses that offers so'much. Many more, who could buy
costlier cars, are influenced by its extreme economy in
operation.

But all Gray-Dort owners have a common satisfact-

ion in the greater utility and service-worth of the
Gray-Dort car. :

 

bem d

    
     
   
    
 
 
  

     

weed seeds
Ing eu
they

ment o

      
 

       
  
    

  
 
 
    
  
 
 
  
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
 
  
   
   
 
  
  
    
 
  
 
 
   
        
  
   
 
  
  
  
 

 
     

   
 

0€3, Iron
4 ard, lime
cr tho {enid {re ind paris
¥ arsenale of Tead for potato
and gther inscot pests. De
SUre 10. 8d, the supply of formalin
for treating grain {o prevent
BIULL ang for troatipg potatoes io
prevent sen), One pint.of Formalin
Js suflicléhny to treat from 20 to 30
bushels of grain and the.same amount
WII treat from 40 to 45 bushels of
poIntoet. Keep tbe Formalin bottle
well cored ang do not Ieavestt in a
place where ft ig Ilkely to be frozen.

 

ee: - gal
Dini I fe « most
whielg spread aml most gen
erally Belleved {i the olden

time {4 os. rollows:
| Adamgihaving lived to a great age
j 4nd’ feeling that. degth “was, not far
distant. bade Lis son, Seth, bring to
blm either the fruit of life which grew
{in the garden of Faden or tbe oll of
flerey whlch flowed there and which
| J. liad Leen promised to Adu upon his
= €Xpulsion from the garden. , Seth made
bls way to paradise by the footprints
9f Adam and Eve, over which no grass
liad ever grown,

    

 
  

     
    
 
  

  
   
 
  

  
  
     
  
  

    
   
   

   
   

 
 
   
  

  
  
 
 
   

 
  
       
 
  
  

    
 

 

   
  
  

   
     
     

 
   
 

 
 
 
  
 

 
  
  

  
  
    
 

  
  
  
 
 
 
  

 

 
 
  
  
 

    
  
  
 
  
  
  
 
  
  
 

  
  
 
   
  
  
   
  

     
    
  
 
   
   
     
   
    
  
   
    
  
  
 
 
  
   

  
 
 
  
   
  
 
  
    
   
 
  

   
  
  
    
 
    
  

  
   
 

   
  
  
  

 

 

+ And all Gray-Dort cars are built to evoke this com-
24 oe angel to whom Seth AGS OOS Securing farmglabor ‘will bo. the mon satisfaction, to provide pleasure, economy, service
errand gave him three Seay mp reat problism in agriculture bts exceeding that generally ven by a'light car. .
© {ruit of .the tree of which Adam year. Willy 10 the Ontarlo Gaveru- at
a iad caten and directed that Sou poe [ment Publio Employment Bureau, (5 So you may be sure that whatever particular feature

wf aced under Adam's tongue Just Queen's Park and uno consult your | . Cry. 3 5 A ; :
4 4 fon bis burial. In the course of time saricultursl fupresmntative, + Put. : : in a Gray-Dort ey 30s) to you, the remainder of the §}

ie Adam - died, and the angel's” instroc- | your order arly with these men an - . i car 1s of a quality ; wi it. : y, : !
t , <I 5 :

: [th rried AY Bap (he belp you require— - Ai o a b
GQ By a aut AQUEIagTave | 2nd wives Cl bel : 3 : Tht is the isan the trend of the Canadian motor |
or in Hebron three trees—a cedar, a: cy- { / + ‘car market 1s to the Gray-Dort." “A hy
dig {ress ana a pine tree. These long The ideal temperature In the dairy 5 - The t D fr 11 the d font that n
r- $T°W together,” forming. one trunk, | stable, cuihiped with good air, is Dealers in Every : e new Gray- ort em 1es a e goo Ieatures tha -wol
5s MN (Which came to bo reganded ns a sym | between 5 and 60 degreen Fabren. nl Locali instant success for former models. - The 4-cylinder motor is a
1 seat bol. trait. ged able therm Sees” piney at some ” , triumph of smooth, economical speed and power. The chassis
Res reed by Moses ung later py’ 2ble. Catrr, in (he stable and note ‘ ; is sturdy and quiet. The springs are long. The uphclstery is
y 4d ee Yaiy hom ovat the varltion in ihe temperature fron 3 deep. The equipment is absolutely complete from electric starting :

even uty n diy to day. © Gp fine days turn al) : ; A > I 1 : \ R pz i £
4 Solomon from cutting ft fons A a tha cattle outsiy, or hour iy the nhs and lighting to the tools, New lines of beauty have been given +

: complete his temple, for wi nshine. It ma pal 0 0 less . va . ) in: oY 3

A MEE ttn andl lacking. | pote But it RE : ; this model. The five passenger. touring. cdriis $1,125; the ee;
23 But each time that the beam cut from [improvement Of (pe. beni of the © passenger fleur-de-lys rogdsler is $995; the Gray-Doit, special
di tho treo was fitted ft wonld: be either | young stocks i :

10 100 | ch a Ho .
[ey al. aod Fic a “ho trees in thy npple orchard may

   
  
 
  

bo scraped down jw, so as to make
more effective. thy |uter spraying of
the trunk and (he main hrapches,
Egg masses of Wie. Tussock moth,
conapicuonsly white against the dark
bark, may be renoved by means of
a wire brush or bwk on a pole,—
Ontario Agricultural College Notes.
: 3 x

sign that 1p should not be used. ~~ +
Me time afterward, most versions
S8T¢e, the beam was buried where the.
Pool of Rotheadn was at a later timo
discovered, During passion week tho
ood rose and floated on the surface of
he pool and was used for the crud

  
 
  
  

fe 3
beautifully finished and with extra details of equipment is $125 ¢
the list. All prices are f.0.b. Chatham. =

    
  
  

    
  
  

¥

 

     
   
 
 

   
   
   

    

{1

 

 

= be -
q oT ei —Tho Feluaty Bib ; Committe Ei
| ‘WoRT UT. Provi ure -re- |
TH THINKING ABOUT... (the Provingiel Lasntore palites
Every litera

 
 

uckle. stash municipal welgh-
am oe wer fo ats Frag)
