m—

and Japa, and closed a very eloquent | oem"

J | oration ky commending those who
CELEBRATES PEACE mourned joved ones, having made the
. the
— supreme sacrifice. lo take to heart T
! Official news of the acceptance of | words of Harry lamsh who knecliu opic for Canadians
ral Foeh's armistice terms by the | at the Eiaveside of his i. . D
a envoys reached Amherstburg | Captain john Lander, said: ay ! During Next 10 ays
at v early hour Monday. and the could hayp but one’ request, ia n
‘ i of peace began at 5 | might efibrace my lad again, an 0 a en
» fire whistle which for [him how much be had done poi an To This All Other
Since He Commenced reed the alr with Js | country and humanity.” He sa oe Feature:
ng everybody. | ought also to thank God for the W of the War Must be Com-
began. For a|derfu! jriumph of Peace.

fo Take “Fruit-2- fives” pletely Subordinated.

“Tipperary” was

that many citi The old favorite.

v 3 Liars AvescE, Omraws, Ost. sleep from the | supg with a will by every 7 10 be
3 Tiree reer " yk wap fo = t Lo mor) Reid gestatey © in the The Victory Loan must monopoljze
run-down an » and suffere Sree Me world; the other Was|the attention of Canadians during
very much, from er and K: e dy of the crucifixion of Jesus, and | ine pext ten days. There will be
¥ Trouble. Hav 5 read of ‘Fruita. : made this day possible cris (i lots of time after the campaign to
I tives’, T thought I would try-them dawning of a better dar 0 Beals speculate on the prospect of peace.

has been made
of Germany now
We

Jeriin

IN by the people (in the meantime the call comes (©
OFS b

|
be The result was surprising, | a

I kare rot kad am ho 4 ness ying at each other's throats. all—“Carry on." The people In

since 1 commenced using Frujt-a- «oon welcome our DOYS 10M® | 1 he rural districts especially should
tives’, anid | know now what 1 have Some will mever return. but | realize this.

pot known for a good many years— ese to-day shine somew ro Canadians at home must take thel~

that is, the ssing of a healthy jowels and share with ds in 1 ; Ee cue from Foch. When he says “Let

body and clear thinking brain’. (1 achievement hapa results up,” they may Le Justified in doing

WALTER J. MARI OTT | return (0 us 300 2 he hoped so. But while the men are oversead

; : _ pervous strain. an he 1 the need for supplies will continue.

Zc. a box, 6 for $2.10, trial size 2 Lr at home would respect and Bear in miad also ‘that Canada's

At all dealers or sent postpaid on hich esteem. the men who had | war expense will not cease at the

{ by Fruit-a-tives xed their lives for us. Let us f0™| moment when the soldiers lay down

v di fie reoces in this I their arms. A long time must elapse

the boys overseas can be
Probably 450,000 of
them ‘have gone over, and good
judges say that they cannot be
su brought home under 15 months. In
the meantime they must be kept.

Be it also remembered that
large proportion of the Victory Loan
money will go to finance the sale’ of
Canadihn products abroad. The farm-

hands and brothers | hefore

brought back.

THE ECHO

Published by

THE ECHO PRINTING CO., Limited
JOHN A: AULD, A. W. MARSH,

Presidents Sec-Treas. A = Bs i

= oR, wd muh | be i er is dependent on it for the sale of

. --a& <a 8 hoch of r@dencey. Bn Se Bis Shcat, weet, pork, butter, che!
FRIDAY, NOVEMBER awn and ¢ggs to Great Britain.

: reer.» x new cases of Ui So if the Canadian Army !s to bo

LIL as taken | maintained, and the farmers, manu-

Stan Quick Ww

M Quick facturers, mechar and busineaspeo-
% gad m a) ady on ple generally are to be kept busy the
¥ 500.000,000 wanted must be raisod,

WHO BUY VICTORY BONDS.

Victory Loan Promotes
the Farmers’ Interests

The Victory Loan and the
Farm go together.

Canada's surplus farm pro=
ducts could pat he sold without
the Victory Loan.

If the suiplos could not be
sold, prices in the home market
would go to pleces. :

It is one thing to ralse farm
products, but it Is another thing
to sell them for cash.

A large proportion of Canas
dian farm products could not be
~old for cash, If it were not for
the Victory Loan,

The farmer who Invests tn
Victory Bonds thos helps to pro=
tect his own business.

N A NUTSHELL.

Wien They Went In.
July 28

LEND TO YOL R COUNTRY.

RAary

MANY YOUNG FARMERS

felon : | HAVE GONE OVERSEAS.
or From the farms of Canada thou-
“N > ESSEX. sands of yodng Canadians have gone
TOWN OF ¥ overseas. These boys have acquitted
who wis stricken | themselves splendidly. Now whed
w of weeks ago. | the call com
support the army, and keep the busi-
ness of the Domjpion going on a war.
| basis, the ‘people in the homes from
which these boys

be lacking

Liberty Loan Set

murdé® and §

minion
the mor

sel,

Amhersthurg Band ef
a x beyond it. 4

, Whité and Blue’

POTATOES ON FREE LIST.

midst guies

is of partic he band,” sald bree u

- free list i8 ac tion tion of reeling fr

Importance {o the Maritime Provir of 1zughter, “Is one of the sple nd} d re Vion her A ther 1st
wheres potatoes are grown ln | tt He hoped tl all ¥ $n oe

0 however : nfluenza, TRY ry
quantities for export os of citizens<would encour It and Dassad. av ay.i5 ls Sabi EXERYBODY'S DUTY.

Lo Connda expects cvery Canadian
list #0 as

reciprocal

Toron that we would=have then well wrath
fo meet our boys. and escort them
come home, “This day"

“Is the most glomjous in

3 I or ect] 1 7)

il 3h/s gua Os Ae Her Lroth
4; i

added potato® to the fr

, 10 pake adva » of the

0

ie hospital in tit c
Goldw who fa ar Jtegins,
went tot clly a s 4:0 to
enlist, and was taken ili vith the dis

as

ed
whep they
le declared,

paign. Hall a billion dollars
must be raired and there are

provisions of the United States tariff. | all the history of the Empire and the, oo hay ie now impro®ing.  Pesides
net UT Wy WR EE KN of what | 1th ronier Goidwin. a sister, Sifldred, || only ten days more to do-it in.
ment must be commended for putting | ft has brought as. Jt is little w der " fo v a a E
common sense before consistency. | that we. together with all citizens of i De Pi she was brutally Tne Bighey can und just ho
When they assented to free wheat and | the Empire are commemorating in our | egren, half Frenndd he poBH¥ ted raised. Thought of fallure can-
free flour Inst year they abatidoned | public buildings in a triumphant and | Yrs George Knight. of Eapax. with not be tolerated, The least that
their old arguments againgt the policy | hilarious ay the dawn of Peace. and | ier two voung children, fled from her those who slay at home can do
of reciprocity in foodstuffs, and ad-| giving thimks to God that He Has | ioshand and home and crossed to De- is to buy all the Victory Bonds
mitted that their campalgn in 1911 | brought thls war to a successful ter-| Voit to live with ber fathe Th

{rol o liv with her father. he they can and induce others w

At the end. first, Bulgaria
came to her knees; second. Genera)
Allenby roiled up the Turkish front:
third, Austria and Hurgary split into
fragments and sued {or peace; last
of all, Germany, the very fiends who
have perpetrated this war. came to
thelr nkees for a truce and are now
fugitives from Justice in Holland,
having trampled the laws of God,
nature and man under their feet: He
did not belleve there was a neutral
nation that would. harbor them for
any length of time, We now Lave the
chance of viog a righteous peace,
Mr. Wright reached a high plane in
describing who was responsible for
the defeat of the Germanic plans for
the world’s conquest, giving credit;
first to Belgium, second to the British
contain L'ympire, which has always stood on
the side of righteousn: and human.
ity: third, to France, that was willing
to bo bled white, before she would let
thé “Hun” trample over her; nnd
fourth to the United States, which
‘realizing the Rrineipie i
were fig Had tor. etn El ?
for g aa

pusband, tracing her as far as Wind
sor. surmiseq that she had crossed.
and notified the immigration authop~
itiey. with the result that the woman
and children were deported on Friday
norning. Inspector Hackney. of the
Children’s Alg Society, after effecting
# reconciliation, warned the husband
that apy [orther reports of cruelty or
neglect would dead to prosecution.
jmmigration officials at the Detroit
dock réfeaed Ler admission to the
pountry, -but undaunted, she tried
again. and was successful at the Walk-
grvilie ferry landing. Mrs. Knight is
4 years old, while her husband ix 46.
They were married five yenrs ago in
Detroit and moveq to a farm near
Kingsville, where they resided until
this spring, when they disposed of the
farm and moved to Essex. Their |.
troubles have been alred In P. A. Bea
man’s court time ang again. ‘

at

was merely an appeal to prejudice and | mination.”
unfounded fears.- The removal of the
potato duty will open the U nited
States market to Canadian growers,
and will give Canadian consumers the
benefit of United States competition.
At any rate, food taxes are tie worst
of all taxes. Hetween the United
States ang Canada they should be wip:
_ 4 out as an anachronism ™

~~ THE LOVE OF DATS

Normal, Active People Al
ve Peop ways

do so,

BACK UP THE BOYS.
——

DOUBLE UP.
“Doulde” Is now the

.

every dollar we y lend. -

a more re body-building food than

cal pee They contain
Vou know their

mien ot 1a Tm
helping out? Buy a

es for $5600,000,000 1a

haye gone will not

but It i& much betlér to go away

Don't rest until you ste that Honot

By Fae r*in cour a sony o 1e « ghe i Flag fying in ‘vour district. When
rec sroeal. ve rdndis hide nes var ly yu it is hoisted you will think so much
8 to tariff dig SA © ant | sant ) foot it that you will insist on a few
tates tariff on thelr perio TESUTTEE= fy we nd the | Crowns being placed there.
«

to do ils or her duty in this cnm- |

popular slo-
gan is the campaign. Throughout the
Dominion At is sweeping in a way
that bids fair (0 accomplish surpris-
fog things. il 1s the spirit that wins,
for it is the spirit that charatierizes
Qe boys at the front. Doubld up! |*
The cause is a good one. It is worth

Dr. and Mrs.
Tuesaday morning of last We
doctor having had notice from mil
tary headquarters to report to Ottawa
presumably for service. melically, else
where. It Is a very inopportune
moment for us to find odrselves with-
out a doctor, and we feel sure that
bad the matter been brought to the
notice of the Government earlier some
steps would have to be taken by the
pucdoniies to Insure against such an
npleasant and serious position It
is TAT serious just now, in view
of the fact that the influenza epidemic
has not entirely died out. and thus
r we are left to the tender mercy of
our own medical knowledge In case
of there being any fresh outbreak of
the same. cy

Show your loyalty by loaning your
country the money needed. Buy Vie-
tory Bonds.

~ LEAMINGTON.

We have had second crops of straw-
berries, raspberries and apples in the
district this fall, and now Jud Wales
of the 2nd concession, reports the sec
ond crop of grapes on his vines, some
of which have ripened.

The Marsh was visited by a big fire
late Wednesday afternoon ‘of last
week. about 150 acres being swept be-
tween the East and West Cranberry
Ponds. A bunch of Essex duck hunt
ers are alleged to have been in the
locality of the fire before It ‘started,
and it Is belleved the careless drop-
ping of a match by one of the party
may have caused the fire. As a pro
tection to the Marsh it is proposed to
revoke all shooting licenses where
careirssness ¥n be-vERbNs Ted

Isaac Vanidour returned Wednes:
day morning from Northern Ontario
where he was with a hunting party
from this town. Only a few deer were
shot before five of the party were
stricken with the “Fin,” and Nelson
Vanidour, the only well one, had to
devote his time to nursing the rest
of his companions. ; A distance of five
miles was travelléd from Barnesdale
for a physician and his charges were
$30 Altogether the hunters lave
had poor luck and they will return
home as soon as thelr health will per
mit

————e

AN DERDON.

Loiselleville,

Election @ offictys of Branch 454
of the United Farmers of Sandwich
West and Anderdan was held on Sat-
urday evening. Nevember 2nd The
following memb rs were appointed to
hold office, viz. President, Oliver
Reaume; Vi President, Albert Du:
four; Treasurer. Frank Monforton;
Secratary, Adolphe.J. Lajeunesse;
Directors—James Cahill, Willie Pajot.
Henry Loungborough, Denis Knaggs.
Cezaira Meloche, and Elf Dube. Dele
gates to the Toronto Convention to be
held December 17th, 18th, 19th=Oliver
Reauwme, Eugene Durocher, James Ca
hill, Josepl Beneteau :

TOWN OF ESSEX.

Among the aunters who left Essex
Jast week for Stralak, Northern On-
toria, to hunt deer, were Dr. J. ,W.
Brien, Steve Sadler, WW. F. Stotts. Joel
Whitney. Harry Hutchinson. Thomas
Tully, J. H. Tackaberry. Gé6. Lickman
and Mayor J. ReGey

The physicians of Essex have de
cided to add a charge of 50 per cent
on a)! visits between the hours of 6
pam. and 8 am. This is made neces-
sary on account of so many waiting
until the evening to send for their
physicians when the patient has per
haps been {ll all day

Ppeumonia, following Influenza, has
clafmed another youpg man from this

Ay
clothes the
. . section, word being received here on
Canadians High Mark Monday that Robert” Wiper, gon of
The United ‘States did so well in | Lemuel Wiper, of Essex, had fallen,a
give. but lend: the recent Fourth Liberty Loan cam-,| victim on Sunday night Deceased
est. hrihe way of paign that Cunada, in justice to her- | was 28 years of age last May and of
rou; gelf, must do unusually well in the | Jate has been living on a farm near
i present drive, or she will suffer by | Parry Sound.” His parents were notl-
ments. 1 he contrast fied n week ago Friday and they left
» A pd The Americans started out with | 3 week ago for’ Parry Sound Mr,
which | $6,000,000.0 is Rhair | obleciivs: Wiper was married six years ago to
- They actually ralse .866,000,000. | Chloe Ke 2 Ww SUrviv
1 WAR AND THE SUGAR BOWL. The number of subscribers’ is placed hd Be HY A % pi
: 3 at 21,000,000; or about-one for every | also two sisters, Mrs. Harley Kerr, of
s who | ave of the poy lation : Sandwich South, and Clara. at home.
& alize how To do as welk us this Canada must | The hody wae taken to the home of
are. OT raise over $500,000,000. If she 5e= | jis parents on Brien aveyte v
; : | {e enue on \Ved-
M Ing into Cana t| cures the same percentage of sub- | nu 4sy afigrnoon, and tae funeral was
rh er quantities { | scribers to the population, instead of |,01q* Fliurdday afternoon, services be-
a quuntities bou having 1.000.000, she will have | ny (onducted by Rev. H. Millar, with
; | 1,600,000. As can readily be rea= | i,torment in Kingsville cemetery
o | lized Canadians have thelr work cut pre nye Cele
gut, Mol they arc equal to fit. EIS
= — —
HAS YOUR COMMUNITY AN,
x HONOR FLAG WITH CROWNS?
sugar i ih See to iL that your community geta
RaiiigLor an Honor Flag, and “gets it at once.
¥ quantit £5 inder doBtr What is more, see that it gets a few
not, tere > war tite ias iron 20slinw Crownsson It. An Honor Flag is
ounts a pager-th : 8 aE Be ny addi re. Leven | good; but Crowns are better. . It is
’ ; oh te : ; po a fine thing to oh the objective

He is not seriously wound-
ed. Nol But he never telis
yon of the pein he sometimes
suffers becauseof a blistered J
foot after marching. He said
not a word of how the §
ground near where he is bil
leted reeks with old gas which
irritates cuts and sores and }
makes them ten-fold more

. painful and sefious. He con-

siders these the “little things.”

For just such serious “little [
things” Zam-Buk i3 provided.

It soothes the pain, draws the
inflammation from cut or §

blister and heals eruptions |
and sores. In the homes of

nsider it a

Essex county has raised ovr ic 1

Anticipate Some eof
Those Petty Pleasures

BY USING THE MONEY now TO BUY
THE GREATEST SATISFACTION MONEY
ean BUY A CLEAR CONSCIENCE

Nothing can ever excuse you if you fail
to use your resources to the limit to {
support the cause of Justice at this time.

BUY VICTORY BONDS

SPACE DONATED BY THE SALADA TEA CO.

SECURE BEST SEED CORN
—— BY DRYING ARTIFICIALLY

An orderin-council has been passed 5
appointing Joseph Robert Bruce, su It seed corn is dried with artificial /
perintendent of the Royal Bank offyege {1 will give a highen germination
Canada in New York, to represent |ies; This is the experimental evi-
Canada before the sugar program
committee of the international sugar
committee, the meetings of which will
be held in New York for the purpose
of the allocation of raw sugar. Mr.
Bruce is the representative of the su-

CANADIAN BANKER CHOSEN.

dence as determined at the Ohio Ex-

periment Station.
with

In tests covering
sced corn handled
under a ozen differeft condi-
tions comparable a7ith farm practices,
the corn receiving the artificial heat”

fiva years

gar division of «the Canada Food | has given an average germination of " DA!
Board in New Fork more than 95 per cent. - h
1 WE IN ILLINO! FROM * FLU” Drying in racks in the corn crib, In p ,
B00. DIE LINOIS plies. boring holes In the cobs of the Lot
( on e Illinois 1 te seed ears or drying by burying In a
ane ulfifon ciiizens 2 Te bin of outs Mus Dewy Poven better” a

suffered from attacks of Influenza and
18,000 have dfed since the disease be:
gan lo sweep the state, according to
an estimate by Dr. C Clair Drake.
stale health chlef. son of Mr. and Mrs,

than seeleting seed corn from the crib
fn the spring. but even under these
conditions the per cenf. of germina-
tion is not as high as that of artlficial-

A. A. Droke, of St. Thomas. Fully ly dried corn, With the season of eal
one-half of the deaths, le sald, were 1918, however. when so much seed or
corn was injured by" freezing, the or- Gra

of Chicagoans White conditions in
the southern part of the state aré still
serious, the northern section 4s day-

ing the Influenza bans slowly lifted.
S-— oT aT

New contracts on hospital brildmgs
fo rthe accommodation of soldiers are
proceeding as fast as the contractors
can biuld. says an Ottawa despatch.
following the Base Hospital investi

Ryerson.

ECHAN

When your head aches, it is usually
‘caused by.your liver or stomach getting
out of order. These “‘sick headaches”
quickly disappear as soon as the stomach
is relieved of its bilious contents. Right
your stomach and regulate and tone
the liver with a s Pills, which
rapidly improve conditions and promptly

Help Headache

Directions of Special Value to Women are € vith Every Eox.

Popaed elnly caly by Thomas Beecham, St. He'sns, Lavcashire, England,
in Canada and US. America. [a boxes, 25 genla

dinary methods of handling proved to
be entire failures, while the dried corn
had a per cent. of germination suffice.
fently igh to be used for seed.

ge, -—

The bonus order of the Government
does mot meet with the approval of
the Civil Service Federation, acpord-
ing to a letter sent 6ut by President

wo LN

VULCANIZING

e use'expert modern methods that insure satisfaction.

,UP-TO - DATE TIRE REPAIR SHOP

ey R.'B. McMORROW, Manager.

Phone 3961

THE" MOST IMPORTANT 1%
; item in the keep up of an automobile isthe tire bill,

We can oftenisave you the price of new shoes

4 by our expert work in
AUTOMOBILE TIRE

41 Pitt: St, E. Windsor. {|

1

-

|

Economical Purity
In your coap, purity is not
only desirable but its an.
. absolute necessity if you
~ want your clothes to last.
Sunlight Soap is absolutely pure

~nu fillees or adulterants of say
ind: $5060 guarantee of this,

