   
 
 
     
      
        
  
 
 

ember 29th

WINDSOR.

 
  

_
POTATO HARVEST

  

-: |

OF 1918,

Included tips gasualty lists mado
public Thtsda the Canadian od
Militia Departs, dit wus the name of
private Harold Fontaine, of Windsor

The returns alrendy published shovw-
that the total aren planted to. fleld
potatos In Canada this year was 736,

      
 

 

  

       
  

 

   
  
  
  

  

 

 

 

   
   
  
 
  
 
 
 

 

  
 
    

 

   
 
 
 
  
 
 

    

 

 

 

 

 

Jd
3
2 192° nores, as compare Ean po
. He has been gassed. acre for Atl nk hie a §
i 1t cost John Rollins, Windsor team. records. . The estimated vield Ri
v ster, $14 In Windsor police coum race for Cannda 3 lel Joe
re Thursday when he pleaded guilty to bushe 8 compared with 121% Bish
. stealing coal and fron from the Grand [¢!s In par, and with 150%, hE
: Trunk yards, | the ave » for the ten years 1908-17.
When the transport Otranto was The total est d yield of potatoes
8 torpedoed off the Irish const, October for 1918 is 10 {batik pe Rive
> 6th, William T. Stewart, whose par- pared with hau,
: ents live at 4135  Wapandotte street’ year. The yield for 1918 is the
> . east, Windsor, was drowned, accord-!est on recor fod
A, gto word received Monday at Wind- | lng over by als 1909,
f0T. ; i i
: There was one death Monday from i I RA
: jnfluenza, Thomas Rorthelic, 30 years 235 bu han | Lal & 8
did, dying in Hotel Dicu. A sister of | ing in order as foll ¥ ag
Mr. Rotbelle, Mr, Rose Lubotina, 187 | 194 3 Se %
: Langlois avenue, Windsor, succumbed a L
to the plague last week, - { R155, uchec
: Ernest- Hill, 26, 160 Ceron avenue, |nnd Alhe ; Shaan 15%.
Windsor, 18 In Hotel Dieu with his |The largest acreage and or 2 Acre:
loft foot mutilated, the result of a car patatow : men
whee! passing over It as he was at TE ae : he
work In the C. P. R. yurds § Ontario ad,
al ii: {3 a switchman | ar IE nex
: , rom 160,203
After a flve days ue por bushel
White, aged 30, a well a jehe
man, died at Hotel. Di inday f CLT yo,
pneumonia, which followed an attack ia 3 nl otal}
of influenza. Mrs. White and one of 804.400 last year HR _BEBINAL 380,
her three children are > sorously | 1
iil with the disease at the home, 202 —-—
Janette avenue, Windsor, a
DE ih ore af oops LLOYD-GEORGE PICKED FOCH.

|

trafic that will follow completion of |
|

the $20,000,000 plant of the Canadian!
) Steel Corporatipn now. under con |

d it said

ROL Into

    
 
  
  

  
 

 

 
 
 
 
  

     
 

  

 

     

 

tion’ at Ojibway, just west of Wind- uly ue
sor; officials of the Ca n Pacific! ghe object Britlsf In o od
- lway aren i r seeking J nC. WO Liv n unto ourselves |
erly for extensidn OI Their tracks and the cre tl ice tor this
new freight sheds, The docks at Ofib-| general, whose stratemry fins resulta
{ way are now under way, and in the ' in a complete defeat for the German |
spring, It 18 sald, several hundred SE i

armies

workmen's houses will be built Tl

     
 

: |

Hum Thuey Chée, 21 years old, | Mar . HAL
Chinese, of Montreal, pleaded guilty a result of our action at
Thursday in Windsor police court to wause that great British |
having, opium in his pos 3lon, ; and esman, Lloyd Ge put him in |

  
      
  

   

was fined $160 and co, mounting || there. Let us call Foclk him z |

t et us call Fo himself as a
to $175, by Magistrate Nl Chee || witness: = :
was arrested by Dero Sergeant

“I am deeply touched by your con-

Reid at the Michigan

  
 
 

    

 
 
  
    

   

  
 

" tions vem answer {07s
in Windsor, when he cs . CH A A
suit cases that had been ocuasiontof. Fo seventh birth
through from Montreal by his Alida few days a nd thank you
More than $3,000 worth of oplum was || sincerely. I do not forget that it is
found. lito vour insls that 1.ov o

Henry Sheffield, until six montl tion

ago a patrolman, of the Windsor pp-| gu

3 lice force and now a private in the | jing or
United States army, arrived In Wind: | perfect

 

which
of tl

   

lorious days a
8 to be found In

  
 

armies

imity- which exists now be-
or Sunday under escort of a deputy |itween all the Allied forces.”
sheriff, to face a charge of bigamy This ‘war has produced no singla

made by Mrs. Sheffield,
daughter of Thomas Pelers. road comin
missioner of Walkerville. He was
arraigned before Magistrate Miers

who [8 @|man with greater vision than Lloyd |
George. Premier ¢ . Britain. He |
has risen above All selfish ambition

and his cholee of Foch {8 the hest

 

Monday morning, Six years ago Sheil: | axample’ of his wisdom and fore-

field came to Windsor from Owem |gght. * Let us remove our hats to the
, Sound. and was married a short time | fighting Welshman. — Port Huron

later. His wife died four; years ago | Times.

and he married Miss Peters. At tho! EE a

CANADIAN SOLDIERS IN
FAVOR OF FARMING

|
time of hisresignation from the ipo.
lice. force, he left for“the Unilted

States to enlist.
inspection of the Gérrman

 

More Than 105000 Express Definite
Wish to Take Up Work
"After War.

After an

- battleships and cruisers held by; the
Entente and final settlement of ttheir
ownership by the peace conference,
all the vessels probably will be sunk,
as apparently there is mo .disposititon
on the part of the Entente to rigk the

controversies which -would be likely |
in’ case of an attempted division of| figure was obtained by interviewing
them, Entente naval experts will in. 1.230,000 members of the forces over-
spect the German craft careuflly to’|'seas, and Indicates that 43.9 per cent.
learn whether they contain ‘features | @f these men wish to go on-the land:
unknown to RE mg These facts and a great many de-
trails bearing on them have been com:

miled by the statistical division of the
Department” of Soldiers’ Civil Re-
establishment from “thé cards f¥5ued

More than 105.000 members of the
Canadian Expeditionary Force have
expressed the definite wish to take up
farming in Canada after the war, This

 

The long-vexed controversy of the
: Ross rifle bids fair again to be revived

Pl |'by the National Service Council to
fn the Dominion. Sir Charles Ross, ary > ;
promoter of the plant, which stands members. of the Canadian forces

Abraham, [Overseas and signed by them The

on the historic Plains of

hard by Quebec City, has filed with |[{facts given represents the men's own

i ants of their” Intentions, and
the Secretary of State, through his so. Statement. ! !
1lctior, rot fh Lancelot, Deputy Attor- n Dod thee a can be no doubt
ney-General of Quebec, a petition of | eir sincerity.
Tight to sue the Government for com- Their Choice of Provinces. 5
pensation fmounting to $18,897,724.04 The Provinces in which they ' wish
because of the expropriation of the | settle are as LL ime 922
plant by order-in-councll ander the pepe, AO oe 28.072;
W Muamres Act, qo March 23 7 olumbla, 15,135; c :
1517, afd for RL alleged | Wan, 15,108; Nova Scotia. 3,633; Que

" tare there. | PEC. 3.330; New Brunswick, 2.831;
ie have been sustained by here there AR SR EL
hl

11,708; Mrovifices not stated, 4,618.

Ot thessq 108,000, the cards disclosed
that 78.0600, or 74 per cent. have had
previojos agricultural experience. The
numbssr of men who have had three
yearsy experience or more is 61.000,
or 68 per cent.

That this declaration represents a
substantial prospective increase In the
agricultural population 8 revealed by
the fact that of the 105,000 men who'
wish to go on the land, fewer than
41,000 were actively engaged In agri
cultural pursuits at the time of enlist

  
  
  

 

  
 

a

A FROM BUILDING,
FALLS 1S. INSTANTLY KILLED.

 

from the third storey of the
PRL Ford Motor Company's
plant, at Ford, Saturdays afternoon,
William J. Beals, 40 years old, was in-
stantly killed. The family of Beals
lives at 118.London street west, Ww ind-
sor. Dr. C. W. Hoare, coroner of Es- |
gex county, ruled an inquest unneces:

Bary. yity
—e— ment.

\ x A further surprising fact.was re-

MOVING PIGTURE DIRECTOR DIES | "0g tliat practically 50,000 of the

105,000 announced thelr willingness to

Sidney C. Johnston, B. 8 A, direc work for wages to galn experierice.

tor of moving pletures {0fF the .On-

tario Government, died In Toronto’ on

Friday, following an operation for ap:

pendicitis. Mr. Johnston was taken

ill with influenza and whila suffering

from that disease appaidicitis devel
r oped. Sidney Johnstin was a grad-
\, Ted of the Ontario Agricultural Col-
: loge. In 1913 he becamd vegetable
al

~~

“DIED FROM LACK OF WHISKEY".
This Is tho , verdict of a nameless
personal liberty advocate who last
weok Issued nameless cards to the
electors of Toronto. Those cards de-
clare that It Is “A Fact” that “Dur-
{ng the last 30 days more deaths have
occurred from the want of diquor than
ere have died from the abuse of it
tn the last thirty years.” . Even the
publisher did not care to put his name
Sn the card, and so we don't know who
{# responsible for it. But a word as to
the “fact.” It was estimated that when
Ontarlo was wet about b per cent. of
the deaths was due to llquor, wi
would mean about 7,000 in the year,
and in-30 years 210,000, at the same
rate. According to the “fact,” which
which no one wants to father, We
had just 210,000 deaths in Ontario

ist in the Department of Ag#l.
, and was
Fn of the moving. picture serves.
Ho was 27 years of age. and is sur
vived by a widow and one child.

 

    
   
   
   
    
   
 
    
    
    
   
  
 
  
   
 

ONE-TOWEL BARBER SHOP.

campaign against bar-

A vigorous tate law

bers violating the Michigan 8
has be

fs office in Detrol
rion of the State Board of Ex

. ~ Unsanitary con-
aminers of Barbers are said to War-

    

  
   
    
    
       
    
   
  
 
  
   
 
 
  

  

  

   

ditfons in some shops al Ontanis
ap instance B | during the past 80 days, not,
a Eee) Tor all customers. | ony = grom the “fle,” but fram the
Three barbers wore fined $10 each bY figane of liquor.” We think It would
J Sellars Saturday. for violating pe a dificult matter fo get Say. re
Se lav. spoctable doctor to testify that there
4 a i —— was even ong ¢ death fiom oe) his
ES for a TT} JUDE r during the
eo fore ful supply 5 ors But just when. our

cite | winter are BA as ting his

share rad, was Bre,

fice, the- police of Toronto were con-

gratulating thematives and the city
dis|an the fac :

Ta Lf t things To-

to ane of the bifgen 1

tribution
allotments)

  

   
  
 

  
    
   
   
     
 
   
    
   
       

    
  
 
    

  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 

       

 

| i:

WHY

 
   
  

ailments,

Pain Exterminator — as directed in the circular, in the package.

A time-tried family remedy—known for fort” years.
Buy a bottic—always have it handy—ull dealers or write us.

  

| EXTERM
FER PAIN—Hirst’s Gives Qiiic

There is no need to suffer the agonies of gheumatism, lumbago, neuralgia, aching back and muscles, toothache, earache and similar ills.
Equally effective for relieving swollen joints, sprains, sore throat and other painful

HIRST'S Fumily Salve, (30),
HIRST'S Pectoral Syrup of! Hate
hound and Elccampane, (85),

HIRST REMEDY COMPANY, HAMILTON, CANADA

  
 
 
       
     
  
      
       
  
 
    

 

k Relief!

Use Hirst's

359.

 

 

 

vd ‘r : °
Ld ’
BADGES FOR FOOD RECORD OF CANADIAN TROOPS ed

PRODUCTION SERVICE

ization of Resources Com-
iittee, representing the Ontario Gov-
rnment and Legislature in (their
plans for gncouraging the production
of food ps_a wartime servige.

Nae Tara Rh Production Ser-
jco Badge for awarding to children

nd others who have done good work
during the past season. It.offers the

The Organ

  
   

 

|'badge to War Production Clubs, Agri-

cultural ‘and Horticultural Societies,
Resources Committee Branches, School
I ds, Teachers, Women's Institutes,
Sunday School €lubs, or any other
group of responsiblé persons, at a
fraction of its cost for distribution
Jocally at public meetings. In the
distribution of tHese badges the pur-
poses are: To commemorate the
splendid response made throughout
Ontario to the Empire's call for In-
sed production in the season of
; to stimulate community inter-
est in local achlevements; to recog:
nize deserving effort in national ser-
vice, and to encourage a' continuance
of the work next year and as long as
the world’s need of food is urgent.
The badge may be awarded for other
services besides gardening. Boys or
girls who have helped materially in
farm work during their holidays; those
who have worked with their parents
In a worth-while home garden scheme,
or those who have raised poultry or

 

  

| produced pork will also be entitled to

the badge. The badge, a sample’ of
which many be seen at this office, will
be cherished in after years as a very

{nteresting war-time souvenir.
ot _- ——

THE CATTLE SITUATION.

 

Normal Prices Will Probably Not Be
Restored for 10 Years.

 

Farmers are Urged to Market Their
Grain Through Live Stock.

 

The Toronto Live Stock Exchange,
composed of members exclusively in-
terested In the buying and selling of
Live Stock, wish to sét before the pro-
ducers of Live Stock the following
facts: — ;

(1) The close of the war, instead of
diminishing’ will greatly increase’the
demand for food, and particularly for
meat. It {8 already evident that the
chief reason for the capitulation of
the Central Powers was that they had
not food to go ulong with, .

(2) The products of the Canadian
farms are cereals and food animals.
At the present time. the demand far
both is unlimited. The first demand
to be“satisfied will,-unguestionably, be
that for cereals. , All the world can
immediately set {tself to the raising
of cereals. One crop will greatly
ameliorate the famine; two crops will
probably restore wheat reserves to
normal. »

In regard to live stock this is not
the case. The bullding up of cattle
herds, particulaply, involves a pro-
gram of years. Even If the foundation
stock and the fodder were immediately
available in Europe, the Cattle herds
could not be restored in less than 6

or 6 years, but all European countries [Or even the best of food in all-advised,

An unlimited demand will exist!justed as not to overtax the stomach,

—combutants and neutrals allke—are
stripped both of live stock and of!fod-
der.
for. years, both for breeding stock and
for meats, . "ye

(3) The situation ls, therefore, as
follows: y

Prices of grain will probably decline
on a scale which will restore them to
normal in 2 or 3 years.

Prices of live stock will decline on
a much slower scale. Normal prices
will probably not be restored for 10
years. *

During these 10 years, the advant-|attack of 1a grippe or influenza. Those

age to they farmer of marketing his
grain through the medium of live
stock will bo greater than at any pre-
vious timesin a generation. a
(4) The farmers of Canada will not
be able to take advantage of this
situation unless: they have the live
stock to sell. They can place them-
selves in this
ing their breeding stock’ this fal
Therefore, farmers, keep cows
and your sows. Every breeding female
held over this fall win being rich
dividends in the years to eo. If
Canada produced 10 times her present
supplies of cattle nnd hogs, ‘there
ou be a profitable market for them
| (6) In regard to feedors for the pres:
ent winter. .It seems now as certain
as anything can be that there will be

 
      
 
      

 
  
  

 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
     
    
   
 
    
   
  

 

 
    
 

position only by keep-|

  
    
   
   
    
    
  
   
  
  
     

a profit in the feeding deal this sea-

aon. Wi
farmers to tie up as m
they can feed.  .,

  

y cattle

   

“pence colobras| |

unhesitatingly recommend |

after affects is anything but trive|

INFLUENZA HAS FR ay,
© LATER DANGERS

Particular Care Needed When
Patient is Convalescent, Says
Expert.

The influenza convalescent who has
apparently recovered from the disease
and is yet in a strangely weak and de-
pressed condition should be the object
of particular care, acording to Dr. |
{.ouls 1. Harris, director of the Bureau
pf Preventable Diseases; of the New
York Health Departmeént, In the
opinjon of Dr. Harris the after care
of the influenza patient 18 most im-}
portant. The co-operation of the pat-
fent, coupled with the willingness

|

 

.
The following statement. showing
what has been accomplished, from a
military point of view, by the Domin-
fon since the beginning of the war
has been {gsued by the Militia Depart-
damont-at Ottawa. - e > — -

When Cannda entered the war on
the 4th of August, 1914, she had a
permanent force of only 3,000 men
and an active militia of 60,000. When
hostilities ceased on the 11th of No-
vember, 1918, Canada had sent aver-
sens 418,980 soldiers. .

At first Canada supplied a division:
This was increased until by 1916 she
had In France an army corps of ‘foup
divisions; a cavalry brigade, and
numerous. other services, such as line
of © communication troops, railway
troops and foresiry corps.

156,150.in at Finish.

On September 30th, 1918, the Can-
adlan troops In France numbered 156,
260, The cavalry brigade included a
strong draft: furnished by the Royal

 

gee that the weakness and depression
are a part of the illness, though com-
ing after the disease itself has spent
{ts force; is a big factor In effecting a
complete return to full health. On the | Northwest Mounted Police.
other’ hand, the determination to The Canadians engaged in the Unit-
ignore this delibitated condition and to | ed Kingdom and France in construct-
fight against it, will, Dr. Harris says, [ing and operating rallway lines, and
frequently bring serious consequences | in cutting down forests and milling
upon the patient. timber, aumber about 50,000.

After Effects Bad. Of the royal alr forces, some 14,000

“The subject of the after effects of or 15,000 were raised and trained in
influenza, said Dr. Harris, “is one of , Canada; in addition many folued the
particular interest to the scientist at | R.A.F., after going overseas In the
the present time. : Canadian Expeditionary Force.

“First, and perhaps the most mo- Over 211,000 Casualties.
mentous condition to be considered {8| On Ogtoher 31st, 1918, the casualties
the striking depression, mental, nerv- | numbered. over ‘211,000. “There have
ous, and physical, complained of by | been over 50,000 deaths, 152,000 have
most patients. Those attacked by the been wounded, and when hostilities

 

disense-with. moderate severity are al-« ceased 2,800 were prisoners of war.
most always afflicted with this ae The roll of Canada fs:
1915—Second battle of Ypres (Ap-

pression, which should be recognized
Those who have had | ril and May). :
1916—St. Bloi (3rd to 19th April);
affected by depressipn, and their quick ' Sanctuary ‘Wood (2nd and %rd June);
return to health and strength gives, Hooge, (5th, 6th, 18th and 14th June);
rise to the belief that influenza is battle of Somme (September, October

and dealt with.
mild cases of the epidemic.are little |

On the contrary, influenza in 8nd November). -
1 1917—Battle of Vimy Ridge (Ith to
fal and calls for ‘the application ‘of | 13th April);. battle of Arleux and
rules of common sense and ‘sanitation | Fresnoy * (28th, 20th April and 3rd
which are the frult’ of years of ex- May); baftlo of Lens (June); battle
perience, |ot Hill 70 (15th, August); battle of
“Tonic treatment, well’ chosen diet, Passchendale ‘(26th October-10th’ No-
and great’ care in not becoming over- vember),
tired and allowing the body to be chill} 1918—Second battle of Spmma
ed are necessary. Eggs may be eaten, (March and April); battle of Amiens
but not more than two o day, for the (12th August); capture of Monchy-le-
average adult. Of course, it must be Preux (26th, 27th, s 28th August);
remembered that in many cases this breaking of Queant-Drocourt ‘ewitch
disease tends to direct’ {its - force line (3rd and 4th September; crossing
against the kidneys, and therefore we of Canal-Du-Nord and Bourlon Wood
instruct patients to avoid, eating a | (27th-28th September); encircloment
great amount of meat, eggs, or beet and capture of Cambrai (1st, 9th Octo-
extracts, Eggs, soft bolled, poached, 'ber);” capture of Doual (19th Octo-
or beaten. raw, are advisable {n-lim-: ber); capture of Denain- (20th Oecto-
{ted number. The raw eggs should | ber); encirclement and capture of
always be well agitated before taking. | Mons (7th-11th November), >

When Good Food Is Bad. 3

trivial,

   

 
      
 

“With milk ‘and’ eggs as a founda-
tion the patient should eat good nour-
ishing food. including ment, fish, and
vegetables, simply’ prepared. foston. |

MAKING THE CHILDREN PAY.

 

  

Just what war means to Austrian
for instance, Is out of ;the question. |children {s disclosed in a report pub-
Good food prepared in an unassimil-| lished In the Arbeiter Zeitung of Vi-
able manner becomes bad food; espe-| enna. Of children of school age more
cially is this to be noted In cases of than one-third are engaged in some

convalescence from: influenza, .for the kind of work; in some districts all

itself

   
 
    

disease often | manifests in such children are at work: Out of

vomiting, &nd In intestinal and gas-| every 100 children from 6 to 8 years |»

tric disturbances, and it is important of age 18'are at work, from 9 to 10
not to weaken the digestive function |'years 36 are at work; between 11 and
by. the eating of poorly prepared food, | 12 years, 50; between 13 and 14, 52.
Saddest of all {8s the fact¥that two-
fifths of these children have been
working from the time they were five
or six years of age. Another startling
‘fact is that 86 out”of every 100 chil-
dren at work were employed steadily
during the school year as well as dur-
Ing holiday periods. Fifty-two wedks
oach year marks the employment per-
fod of three-fourths of the child work-
ers and much of the work {s perform-
ed pod home with the parents. * Night
work claims about four-fifths of the
tollera.’ Even Vienna sees the crime
that is being committed against its

! own flesh and blood and in consider-
who give Dr. Willams’ Pink Pills afing legislation that will prohibit child

fafr trial will be amply ropaid by the ; labor before tl
new health hay strength this tonic | except on hy i aire Yours
medicine always gives.

J ——— -
CORN MEAL WAFFLES
“' , NUTRITIOUS WINTER" FOOD

Corn meal waffles have been found
to te one of thé best and most nutri-
tious foods for winter use, as deter-
mined by baling tests at the Ohio
BExperim on. %
The tested recipe for Sra moa!
‘waffles 1s: . One cuprof compress :
Joust: twa cups ot mile Beulied and |} Jott olen te dy tues Ja
ry YE on pi ARLE gn tains about 21 per cent. of dry matter,
ortening, melted; one teaspoon of [Fel food. Most of thin is retained in
anit; two cups of corn mixed with h A

] To. | USINg Ii
one-half" } of undone our givas us the right

no | to col the potato to wheat.
of Lucio, of the. Amprican Bureau
flour fs ls

Tn iE

   

  

quantities. The quantitative distribu-
tion of foodstuffs should be so ad-

    
 
 
 

   
 
 
  
   
    
  

but the patient should eat generously
and frequently.” \

As a tofiic to build up the blood and
stimulate the shattered .nerves, Dr.
Williams’ Pink Pills are unsurpassed.
These pills actually make new, rich,
red blood, which reaches every organ
and every nerve In the body, Improves
the. appetite, strengthens stion and
drives away the. feeling of weariness
and “depression always following an

  
 

  
 
   
 
  
 

     
  

    
 
  
 
   

One .who lives in civilized Innds where|
human beings are not™ regarded "as
beasts of burden can see great hard-
ships in even the new ruling. ©

   
 

 

FOOD

 

     

STANDING OF POTATOES.

 

The potato has valuable qualities
that are lacking In some of our most
popular articles of diet. The best way

       
    
   
   
   
    

  
 

    
  

 

 

   
         
    
   
  
  
   
  
 
     
     
  

   
   

 
 

 
  
  
     
    

 
 
      
  
  
  
  
  
  

   
     
   

    
  

   
  

$2.00 value,

     

Per Suit ........
and in the household. ), v

 
   
  

$2.50 values,

  
        

Clearing OBE L..c.+ Hai + vistas vis sis Sulefain sie arenas inbimiaty
(AIL $14.00 lines clearing at. ... vo viieicecniion ssn s 89
$4.00 value,
to got at the real value is to see what|

$3.60 value, gale Price... ti. ius mien i shia sav sivan agen

$6.50 and $6.00 value; sale price. ......... a ans

POTATOES!

Carload of Caradoc Potatoes Arrivins ths
: Week.  Primest Ontario Stock.

: Get your Orders in TO-DAY for Winter §
We can guarantee every potato.

CEMENT

 Carload of Cement also just Arrived

ob

*

 

 

The All The-Year-Round Store.

J. W. GIBB

Phone 75 * AMHERSTBURG, ‘ONT.

 

 

i

 

At Nine O'Clock

Big Sale Sta

Wy a

Come Tn and pick out what you ya for Winter—Profit
sacrificed. | :

 

 

Keep Warm and Keep Well with Heavy Shoes and Rough .

Weather Clothing. Here you are for the 30th!

HEAVY WORKING SHOES

$5.50, value, BAe PTICe. .... ut. s ines sims nrs ner aounss ou 0450S

$6.00 value,
$4.76 value,

ATH of a i eR RR ne

Shale Prides J A SL a ea sees re SSB
BLUE STRIPE OVERALLS

BRO. PIIEE. ices sh Sammy y ne suis Tumidvatsn ny +. B10

GOOD HEAVY WOOL UNDERWEAR MG

PLAIN BLUE OVERALLS © . : :

 

 

GOOD HEAVY WINTER CAPS

 

_ RAIN COATS" : 5

Bale price...ici. i qeneend
. GOOD FELT HATS

2 GOOD CORDUROY PANTS : 5%

 

ssassseevcsns

- RUBBER BOOTS -

oan

    

LIBHT COLORED PRINTS  -

 

  

ams anans

sale PII. 5s» vs os Somat st nar BRAUER

       
 
   
 
 
      
 

 
 
  
      
   
 
     
 

 
 
  
 
   
  
    
  
  
 
 
    
   
       
    
  
   
 
   
 
  
  
    
   
   
   
   
  
 
  
     
   
      
 
   
