      

  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
  
  
 
   
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
    
     
  
   
  
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
 
   
  
 
 
  
   
 
  
   
  
  
  
   
   

a

ES

 
  
  
 
 

  

      
    
   
     
 
  
   

     

 

£ A
MI. LAMPSON

Verona, Ont., Nov. 11th., 1915.

“7 suffered for a number of years
with Rhewmalism and severe Pains in
{Side and Back, from strains and heavy
Nifting. :

When I had given up hope of over
{being well again, a friend recommended
“Fruit-a-tives ” to me and afler using
the first box I fell so much beller that
I continued to take them, and now I
am enjoying the best of heath, thanks
to-your remedy ”.
: 3 W. M. LAMPSON.

If you— who are reading this — have
any Kidney or Bladder Trouble, or
suffer with Rheumatism or Pain In The
Back or Stomach Trouble—give ‘‘Fruit-
a-tives” a fair trial. This wonderful fruit
medicine will’ do you a world of good,
as it cures. when everything else fails.

50¢. a box, 6 for $2.50, trial size, 25c.
At dealers or sent postpaid on receipt
of price by Fruit-a-tives Limited,
Ottawa.

TOWN AND COUNTY.

—The Echo subscriptions lists have
been corrected to date. Have you re-
celved credit?

—NMayy Lambert, of Wyanndctte, hos
dccided to bo a candidate for re-elect.
tion for tha office he now lolly,

— Mrs. W. Berls, And~rdon township,
who has been I! for thc past month,

“tas. been reiacved to the home of

Nurse Cannon Pike Road, Amherst-
burp. .

“The representatives of the Food
Controler in the Western. Provinces
will" conce! the licenses: of all fish
dealers who chip all their catch out
of Canade.

Since the congestion of freight in
the M. C. R. yards at St. Thomas;
‘owing to the stormy weather, thieves
have stolen merchandise valued at
over $5,000.

—All this literature on ‘the necossity
of increased hog production miny be

_boiled down to the simple, homely

statement that “the rigpen is mightier

than the sword.”

—L. W. Allison, of Essex, agent for
the Canada Life, handed Mrs, Adol-
phus Bezaire a cheque for $1,600, on
Saturday,. as beneficiary of her late
husband in that Association.

—No Public school text books will

«be scrapped, according to information
received from Hon. Dr. Pyne, Minister
of | Education. There werc rumors
aflont that twelve varieties of books
would be discarded, but this is an-er-
ror, according to the Minister.

—Corp. Smith, a returned soldier,
spent a few days with Arthur Little,
at the Amherst House. Corp. Smith
left Essex with the 99th Battalion, and
was the mate of Sergt. Charles ;C.

“Kemp until he was wounded. He is

on leave-of absence suffering from

shell shock.

—A. H. Haney and son Matthew,
wife and daughter leave next weclk for
Seaforth to reside, having bought a
farm there. They came herc from
Desbarato, Algoms, in July last and
bought the Renaud place, Richmond
street east. If they do not sell this
place in a short time they will hold ft
for rent. Mrs. Haney suffers from
asthmn, and hes to go where the clim-
ute is dryer.

—The commissions of post ‘office
money orders for the United States
have been ingreased on account of the
present high’ premium on the New:
Nork Exchange. Until pte

the cha sums not ire,

r $5) andaup: 40. $10

n-in cents for evs
part of pame. A néw;
by 1bsued with regard to

: ) “United States forces at

,home and in France. The rate of post-

age Is still 1c an ounce, but the limit

. of welght has been increased to seven

~ pounds.- There are no customs charges

Ou. parcels for United States soldiers
in-the United States and in France

HOW MRS. BEAN
MET THE GRISIS

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
  

    
   

    

x a

no
&

 

s 1 “When I was going
} i of Life I had a tu-
a Tmor’ as large as a
[RR siare bend. To
il! doctor said it was
pe threo years coming
Il and gave me medi-
icine for it until. I
5. called away

|

  
  
 
 
   

some time. Of
: I could not

   

| apector,

   
   
 

 

p FON, dr

    

   

a - ; x ity Be timation of if” his ie
[oo aboard a D, & 8 T 88 Rev. J. A. Snell ad Mrs. Snell ro Fi ure; 3 100 to fy,
piler. ¢ :;

    

109 pan. 1
3 Corner of Rin
Shon. next Oddfellpws
oust of Pout Oftloe, Amb

  

(or oslved the tellowing Mt lott
—Ptqs. Victor Rensud, Frank Gott,” from thefr son, Tust vook: | tng pc

Fred. L. L vegrove and Robert Jones No. 3 Can. Gey. Hosplita!,
wero home from London; from Friday | © France, - Deo. 24th, 1917,
[to Tuesdoy, : ’ Dear Mother and ‘Dad,—Well, it
—Thomas Ward Is tearing down hls almost” Christmas again. the sscond'
big ice house and using the lumber to over here, and perhegs there will bo

rebuild his old butcher shop into a another. The Christmas service in

 
  
   
  
 
 
 
   
    

   
   
   
   
     

hmoud ang
es
%| DR.0. TEETER, My

HYBICIAN AND SURGEON g .

ronto University, Lio, |
kp Hurgeons, ie Col

 
  

 

   
     
   
   

 

   

. Ret op carries many
all alize that a Bake Shop ca
Po you ee Table Supplies than B

  
      
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  

   
    
   
  
 
  
  
  
   

 

  
  
  

  
 
     
 

   
  
     
      
  
   
   
  
  

     
     
      
   
     
  
  
   
  
   
 
 

   
 
  
 
 
   

  
  
   
    
  
  

     
    
 

 
    
   

   
  
   
  
  
   
 

pwe-storey der Smnlive arrived Fri be rn dat on LL Jia ord ec : A
or gl o »as and tho vis re y AB, 0TT ~~
day at the Brunner, Mond, to be used of the shepherds. Our orchestra bronchitis, To get to the Pies, Cakes, Scones. | 1. H. ABB » Mp,
in the quarry. This makes throe (which fs fine) furnished the music taal} of the ne breath. We boast of or arly, Hes, & which BARICLAN, AND, SUROEON, Grit
locomotives now on the work. and led the singing. My ward looks metiicine a isthe es 80 lis. Fruit Cakes Jelly Rolls, &c., &C P Queens University, Kingaion Libs
Lv nl Sinasne old his: store fino id Christmas. ge ware out That is Ee Crulls, Frui ) de kind giro Ben nO
‘and property ning to Napoleon gathering holly the othar day and got j , 3 1i i albousio direct (oppoal
Ray, Bar Farmers’ Friend. Mr. quite a lot. It grows quite plentifully oF this ‘aliment—Feps re are like the home made Ambre SE n
Ray Intends to open a general store, around here, but wo were too late oe a Pé ‘Pastille Is : TRY AN ORDER HERE. z
including grocerics, meats, dry goods, for the berries. There is also some di toed in the mouth the i
boots and shoes, taking possession ut mistletoe, The Partuguese are good thw vapor which Is libera- -
once, at making paper articles, so’ between ted is breathed down the Foon TIN A re
—Essex county council decided to us the wards and kitchens ass Jdecor- bronchial. tubes to the - DR. A. E. STEWART,
petition the Ontario Government to ated very well, so that we are all | lungs, soothing and healin HYSICIAN AND BURGEON, Gragg |
raise the tux on dogs from $2 to $6 ready for the visit of Santa Claus, We | all the delicate, inflam \ Toronto, University.  Oflice, “sical
us a result of receiving a report to the are having clear frosty nights and a membranes. Peps ara ! 7 th alophand. 9's thet d elchaggd
effect that the county paid out $10,000 fine moon. Last night we were visit- equally good for laryngitis, a " Telophoue. & 21 in igs \
in 1917 to farmers for sheep killed by ed by an alr squadron, and thore asthma, sore throat, coughs,

   
   
      
  

Ont
and colds. 50c. box, 3 for The Model Bakery Phone 76 ed
Bon Faron Send der J |Fettetotiodedotolelledoietgetololelieiel elvis
stamp for trial package. :

dogs.

—Their escape cut off by a fire’
below them, Mrs. Olive Priseman, 21
years old, and her three-year-old son,
Gordon, were burned to death carly
Wednesday morning in their home,
Ottawa street, Ford. Frederick Prise-

were quite a number of casualties
around here. We expect them again
to-night. but I hope it will not be un-
tl I get my letters written. The
lights have just gone out, and the
alarm given, so we expect another rafd

DI. W. C. DOYLE, dp

It, W. C. DOYLE, M, 1, (;,

   

  
  
  

- nud Surgeons of uy turfo, Of
had s of reaidonco on Talbot Breet,

    

    

nexy

Ry walilig roolu, Kasey

   
  
 
 
 
  
  
   
   
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
   
  
   
 

    
   
   
  
 

     
   
  
    
   
 

    
 
   
   
 
     
   
  
       
    
  
  
    
   
  

   
 
   
 
  
 
 
   
  
 
 

   
  
  
     
   

    
   

“1$126; Assessor,

  
   

| School Trusteo (to fill'out C. M John-

man, the husband, escaped with ser-

fous burns, but will recover, it is ex-

 

very soon. It Is quite a job to keep
the patients quiet at such times, es-

 
 

pecially the foreigners, so 1 raust say]

    

 
 

 
 
 
  
  
 
 

“Consider Safety First When B

 

on,»
of won

velal  ultention

ud Surgery,

FRANKLIN A. HOUGH. ji

 
  

uying Flour.”

   
  
     
     
   

    
  
 

     
  

 

|

ected. good-night and go to my ward at once. 2 . 7

Pp! —Lust fall, the Campbell Flour | Decembaor 26th, cc 1 I LE) I! | Pde taba) Soliltor, Nota
Mills Co. offered prizes for the best Well, Christmas 13 ove: and we ; GO I ( | bulbousiuntreet, Arohersthburg,
baked bread at the different school certainly had a good ‘ime. Tho Partu- loun,

fairs the winners of which competed
in District contests, five prizes being
given In each district, No. 4 District

Buege Government sent wine, raieins,
biscuits, candled fruit and mprmalade
for thelr patients, so we had a busy

 
   
    

   

      
   
   

IS SAFE TO

| Gives every user every bake day perfect protection aga

   
 
     
   
    
   

FRE

ARRISTE.

USE.

inst uncer

     
   
   

’’ “yaynneer &o. Ham, i
oll Nor- 7 3 2 tainty. | Atnherstbn M Hiregy
comprised Wolland, Haldimand, Nor- morning dividing the chings amongst A and a pure flour. Ailierstburg. ~ Money to loun, }
folk, Elgin, Kent, Essex, Lambton and them, but we only gave a very limit- Auction SALE : It Is safe baking a gle Baw id BARTLET & BART. r—
Middlesex counties, Miss Mcud Allyn, ed portion of the wine, so we liad not —O0FP— Because It Is'safe It is the mo of satisfaction=or Beton, AR LET, i
of Comber, who showed her bread at the trouble we anticipated. Gold Medal Flour Is sold under a guarantee y RY, Soliol tor,

Woodslee school fair, won the fiftl
prize for the district.

—On the night of Sunday, February
3rd, a wholesale slaughtering of the
passenger service of the whole Do-
minfon will take place. All roads and
all lines are to be hit.
change have not been received by
local officinls, but nevertheless it is

: i aon He . ng,
coming. By the new order, which is money which was made from the sale (nearly new); i Hob- Sleigh; 1 Democrat; EE — ES : :
sald to have been issued by the Rail- of left-over grease and fat from this Dre rir oy: uss ELE - : DAVIS & ALY. i
way - War Board, the Grand Trunk unit during the past year. : ¥ HE

Pacific and the C. N. R. wii} cut off

> ™ Saws: Base Buriibr;. 1 - hone 15
all thelr tangcontinental trains, and used for making munitions, so we had SAWS + 1! 3 yard Tub: Wrenches: i to Order Phone FD. Davi, B.A
the Ci+P. R. all its Ottawa trains, The both benefitted ourselves and our coun- Hearing Fake) Sho Picks: Darrels, and Suits Made : Res. Phone 4146 ee = A. F. Healy,
C. P. R. will handle the transcontin- try. He gave us each a. pair of socks. | other articles too numerous to mention. -

entral traffic

—The cost of feeding cach prisoner
daily at the Essex county gaol for the
year just ended was 161 cents, an in-
crease of one cent as compared with
1916. That Governor Wanless is a

“real food controller” Is evidenced by |

the fact that not a single complaint
against the quality of food served was

Details of the

At 12 o'clock dinner was served In
the Red Cross hut for the N. C. O.'s
and men, and {t was certainly a pret-
ty sight which presented {tseif to us
as wo entered. The Colonel gave us a
short talk before we started, He com-
plimented all of us on the way we
worked, and told us that everything
we had for dinner was bought with

At the
same time, he sald, this waste was

The dinner was fine and plenty of it
and the nursing sisters kindly con-
sented to walt table, and so helped to

make everything more enjoyable. Some |

of them were quite surprised to find
80 many T. T.'s (teetotalers) amongst
us, and it is certainly fine that we have

| such a large number who don't touch
the stuff.

| FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 8th, 1918,

 

Farm Stock, Implements, Ete.,

   
  
  
  

 

There will be sold by Public Auction at
Lots 10 and 1{, Con, i, near the Stone
Quarry, Anderdon, on

      
   

Tho following; 1 Brown Mare, 6 years old,
walghs about 1200;.1 Colt, 3
spring; 1 Disc (nearly nev
1 Hay Rack: {1 Corn lant
tivator; 1 Plow (nearly nao

  
    
   
  

years old In

  
 
 
  
 

   
  
   

 

6-foot Drill;
2-norse Cul-
1 Wagon

 

 

 

    

       
 
  
 

1 Corn
1_Hand

Single Harness;
OS8CUL SAWH;

Harness; 2
Fodder Cut

set,

   
 
  

No reserve, as proprietor {5 giving. up
farming.

Sale to berin at 1 P. M, sharp

TERMS—AIl sums at or under 810, cash:
over that amount; 10 -Inv.aths’ ¢rslit on
furnishing approved joint notes, or 6 per
cont, per annum off for cash on sums on-
titled to credit.
CLARK & ATKIN, JOE CHARLES,

Auctioneers. Proprietor,

lolol ffl

 

2

OR

  
     
  
  
  

money back.

 

T. R. FLOOD,

Wholesale Dealer in Grain and Seeds.
- ONTARIO.

   
  

HARROW,

Acme Cleaning Works

Ff. HALSTEAD, Prop.

41} Sandwich St. West,

     
 
   
   
 

Luvis lock, Windsor.

EX. R. BAKTLET,
VALTEI G, BARTLET, fi
Gro, A. UQuiAkr, Bb.

  

  
 
   
  
  

ARRISTERS, BROLIOJ

Rodd, B. AY, LLL

| borney atid Cleric ofthe
of Essex FE. 8, Wigle, oH

MoHugh,.. Offices Vigtories Blooiive:

 

 
  
 
  
  

 
  

 

     
   

  

oferfesd | Io ARIUS

oD kt

     
 

 

Si > |
BIg

   

a —————————
JAMES B. McLEOD?

JARRISTER, SOLICITOR, KE
B Bullding, Whutsor. Ont. ts

loan on farm property nt lowent current sug 1

—_———
FRANK W. WILSON, |

ARRISTER, SOLICITO, Notary
I Anil Couveyhaneer, AT ube

British Columbia Bors) Monoy to loan oy

Farm Property nt lowest rates of inte

 
 
   
 
 

   

  

  
   

: 2 N Olfi¢o LaBelle Dull i
filed by any of the prisoners. The I received the parcels from home Notice to Creditors. WINDSOR, ONT. und London Sts, Windsor, One. Phone std
governor has no intention of introduc- [Just in time, tlso the ones sent by la I dade rm W. A. SIO
ing a “rationing” edict; it isn't nece. | mother for some lonely boys. The In the matter of the Extate of Frances M. | fo « As ITH, LL. B.
ssary In his institution, he says; Es- [parcels containing 23 socks from the Hutchins, fate of the Township of | 8 Open Evenings STER, SOLICITORgNOTARY, ET, } de
sex taxpayers are “warned, hawever, | Malden Young Ladies’ Bible Class Maiden, in the County of Essex, bo Pp $ igsville, Ont, ”

that eats for prisoners will cost more

also arrived and - were distributed

 

Widow, deceased.

   

  

 

   

2 J a a

RE CL
LAIRD & LAIRD.

    

2 {3 y 0 J 2 J J J te 2 2 2 2 2 MO
soon. A two-Cont Increase 1a due, this Among our Canadian wounded. sol. |, JOTICE fs Haraby stvan pursnant to, tho | Flee ied : a )
quarter, for beans have gone “sky |dlers. Everything was lovely and jug claims agaist (oe: estate of the sald % oe Yonais aud _Comnty;

high", according to tenders submitted
to the county council Tuesday.

Out -of 3568 prisoners- who served
terms in Sandwich gaol last year, 62
were citizens of the United States; in-
cluding John Hogue, who wns sen-
tenced to ‘he hanged for the murder

migration officer, but whose sentence
was commuted to life Imprisonment
by the Dominion Minister of Justice,
according to the annual report of Gov-
ernor Willlam Wanless. The natlon-

Canadians, men 146; women 18;
Amerfedn, men 59, women 8; English,
men 31; Scotch, men 24; Irish, men
17; other nationalitics, men 65, Nine-
ty-five of the prisoners claimed tha re-
ligion of the Roman’ Catholic church;
Presbyterians numbered 69; Method-
ists, 66; Anglicans, 54; other denomin-

—Word has been received from the
West that James Mason, a former resl-
dent of Anderdon and Elford, had
died wvery suddenly at his home at
Delia, Alberta, on Tuesday, January
Sth. Mr. Mason had been ailing for a
few! weeks, but retired that might
without complaint, His wile went to
his room @bout an hour later, and was
surprised to find that he had passed
away, Death was attributed to heart
fallure, Decénased was 68.yenrs of
age, and formerly lived at Elford, but
moved to the'west about twenty years
ago, and has been living at Delia, Al

{berta, since.

 

 

 

that city. Capt. Brien spent Inat
week in Chicago at tlie recruiting de-
pot there. : di

+ The many friends’ of Mrs. Jane Hop-
goofl, who has been suffering from tlie
effects of a broken hip since last June, |
and who-{s still in: Hotel Dien, Wind-
sor, will be pleased to know that she
18 Improving slowly, and fs able to get
around with the use of ‘a cane. Isaac
Thornton. who is also in Hotal Dicu,
is improving slowly.

At the Inst meeting of the Essex
council, officials were appoiuted oy
follows: : Clerk, R. R. Brett, salary
$260; Treasurar, W. D. Beaman, salary
4 John Laing, salary.
$100; auditors, J. A. Dowswell and
A. W. Massey, $25 each; Chief of Po-
lice, J. D. Hill; $100; Callector of
‘water rates, James Salter. 8% per
cent, on collections; collector of dog
taxes, E. H. Carnahan, 25 per cent’ on
collections; caretaker of town hall,
Miss L. O'Hara, $80; Medical Health
Officer, Dr. Doyle, $60; High School
Trustee, Dr. Doyle, 3 years; High

ton's_ term), Dr. Rogers;” In:
3 Bi Carnahan, Fr

oor at orworks, J. Hugga)

of Marshall Jackson, n Canadian im- j

ations, 70. : A. C, Stewart; Standard Bearer,

   
 
 
  
 

     

 
  

 
 

they are all very happy over their

gifts. Now I must close for this time. !

Love to all.
? JERROLD.
L.-Corp. Jerrold W. Snell,
No. 528734,

~LEAMINGTON,

 

hired |

 

Joseph Hillman, Orange street, hes
purchased George Bottom’s onion farm
in the Marsh and will take possession
of the sume 'in the spring. In the deal

At the annual meoting of the local
chapter of the Daughters of the Em-
pire the officers were all re-elected as
follows: Regent, Mrs. L. J. Wright;
1st’ Vice-Regent,. Mrs. “W. W. Link;
2nd Vice-Regent, Mrs, Geo, Maxon;
Secretary Mrs. Shepherd; Treasurer,

Mrs. Robt; Winter; Echo Secretary;
Mrs, (Dr) King; = Councillors, Mrs.
Mrs. G. A. Brown, Mrs.
Mrs. / J.

Huffman,
Borrowman, Mra. Marcotte,
, Mrs. Willson, Mrs. Ludlam,
Mrs,-B, Lane, Mrs. A. J. Davies, Mrs.

B. W. Cox.

 

- ——

ALL" AT HOME SHOULD
PREPARE FOR WAR

. The first toast a man is put through for
either war or life insurance is an cxami-

nation of his water, This is most essen.

 

  

   
  
 
  
  
  
  

 

*/ of el my Feckache snd
> has mirengthemed my
kidneys po I foal sale
in recommending It $a
othors who soffor’’ —
M=s, O. X. Clarke, Dex

tr Ont.—* "Fy
to, —t Pon
s elgkt years I
Hered with kid.
troubls and rhesus
mathan. 18 begun with
pains in my back snd

fool. “At developed into  ¢hrofic case, "T
tried every medicine I could hear of nnd con:
sulted somo good doetors, ut still T kept on
suffering. Adoul a year ago a friand advised |
me. to give Anuric s frial, and am barpy te
say I am today 8 well man—never (60) any
traces of my ailment no matter what (hn
wasther conditions way be. Anurie la a yea
kidoey medicine in every semse”—E PF |
Garrison, 6 Matilds Btreek. © )

NOTICE

 

 

NOTICE Is hereby given that the
Corporation of the County of Esiex
will apply to the Legislative Assembly
of the Proyince of Ontario in Parl
ment assembled, at the next
thereof, for an Act c¢
agreement entered {nto with:

Member Board of Health, |.

per
We, Sse Truant Officer,

 

  
  
  

   
 
 
 
   
  
 
  
  

  

    

 

Frances W. Hutchins, who died on or about
the Seventh day of November, 1917, are
required to seng by post prepaid or de-
liver to the undersigned, Solicitor for
John G. Hutchins, Sophia J. Hutchins ana
Frances 8, L Hutchins, tho Executors of
the Said tor, or before the Thirty-
frst day af Jan y, 1918, thelr names
and addresses, full particulars of their
claims, und the natdre of the security, ir
any, held by them.

And furtfjer notice 15 hereby given that
after the sald Thirty-frst day of January,
1018, the sald Executors will proceed to
distribute “the assols of the sald to
amaqng the persons entifited thereto, having

 
 
 
  

 

  
   
  

thereof 10 anyperson or persons of whose
cjaim notice shall not nave been received
at the thoe OI'SIEH distribution.
FRANKLIN A. HOUG:
Solicitor for the said Ex
Dated at Amhersiputy 1s 8th day

 

Notice to Creditors.
In the matter of the Estat
of the Town of

Amharstbu in the County of Essex,
Morchant, dedeased, y 5

_ NOTICE 8 hereby given pursuant 16 the
Statute in that behalf that all persons hay-
Ing claims againsk the estate of tho. sald
Jerome Emmanuel, Berube, who died on or
about the 21st dey of November, 1917, are
requirdd to send “by post prepald or de-
liver to Charles A. Cuddy,” Amherstburg,
Ontario, Executor of tho sald estate, on or
before the Ninth day of February, 1048,
thelr names and addresses, full partioulars
of their claims and the nature of the So-
curity, If an; eld by them.

And further notice 15 hereby given that

   

 

 
    
   
    

 
 
      
   
  

are the best

      
  

Phong

 
 
   
   
 

   
  

 

   
  
   
   
   
   
 
  
  

    

 
 
  
 
 
      
     

  
 
  
   
  

Ted. 1. Fi Ete

 

finally left my back and weit down into the: ’

 
      
 

Wo mood’
Ey a
(RS, nid are

 

Can We

"Carriages and Vehicles
Are the Highest Grade Mada in Canada.

1 have taken the agency In this distric
solicit a continuance of your patronage.

Gray. Buggles, Carringes, Cutters, Fanning Mills and K Pt bot
Built i Itchen Cabinets [Phone 275

 

of ‘their kind.

on liberal terms.
, Our shop also headquarters for DEERING FARM MACHINERY,

HARRY C

 

 

   
 

 

 
   
    
  
   

 

     
   

first bite,

   

ADARET |
Ramsay Stoel, Amhorsurg |e
EE ———re er | 3: W.& A. RAILWAY

Not Tempt You To
Taste the Goodness

oF Which you will reagily p,.

BEAD has that sweet nut.
rarely found in ibe ni

 
   

ors, Office, Danstan
own of Essex, Ont.

J. J. NEWMAN,
IVIL ENGINEER AND ONTARIO
) SURVEYOR, Drain | Wi
Fleming Blogk Windsor ae Aopey

CLARK & ATKIN,

ICENSED Auetion r
I J Omee nt Harnasre for Esser cnn

OnARLES ULAIg, GEORGE ATKIN,
—_———— ee ———

8S. RENAUD,

Block, (up

  

 

  
    
 

D
\y

         

 

   
        

     
 

; anly fo. claims of ‘which they shall A UCTIONEER. = Arrangomonts for sals
3 . | Mr. Bottom takes Mr. Hillman's house have “notice; wid the sald Executors mao Ab timo: Ki A !
Shien of the prisoners were as fol and lot here, = | will not. be liable for tho. ausets or any pars £3 ndont ny time Yor orm, etc...apply

 

to him or address A mhorstburg: P.O.

Fe

     
   
  
 

  
 
  
  

 

 

High Class Monuments o Specialty.

LEAMINGTON
Granite and Marble Works

a  -
C. A. CULLEN, Prapristar, 5 |

   
  
       
     

t for the GRAY products, and

Wilte for Prices. 2
. LEAMINGTON, ONT

J. SUTTON & SONS

Funeral Direaters

louse of 0 &
Auto equi pt ei ienired.

The cholcest “mater(x], Sold

 

 

 

     
   

   
 
   

 
 
   
   
    

    
    
  
   
           

      
 
 
  

  
     
   
 
   

  
   
      

Ho, is survived by his | til because the kidmsys plsy n most im. | 1[1F the said Thirty-firss day of Janu = *
wife, Whol wad Tombrly Migs Parker, | portant part in camsing premature old lsteibote Hire or tho a as g R l P 1 N — i
and seven children—Mrs. Stewart ago and death. The more injurious the | Among the persons entitled thereto, having ; 3 oy n L
Cowan, Dr. James, Fred. Ri, Frankie, | noisons passing through the kidneys the TRRArd only to claims, rich el. chal oy a urp Le Stock S ecl fie WINTER TIME TABLE.
of Delia; Mrs. F. H. Keane,.of Wind- | Gooner comes dasay—so says Dr. Pires [will not be liable for the. sald assets or Ca re =
sor; Hugh and Mildred, at home. Mra. | of Surgical Instituto, Bufalo, N, Y.,wko | ony‘ part thercol 19 any person or persons Roup Cure Ch : k F . rs run on Eastern Standard me, -
Keane aud children, of Windsor, at- | further advisoa all people veo ars. past | OF Whose cisim:nofieo shall uot have been y 1c eed In effect January Tet, 1818.
tended the funeral,.which was held at! thirty to preserva the vitality of: the Lid- Feeefyed, ut ry uch distribution, 3 2 Yindser Amherst:
Delia. neys and free tho blood from poisonous illeitgn for sald Executor. X > { m- 3% ~ burg to
clemcats, such as uric Baia iue plenty Dated 31 Aiihars urg (his 21st day of Jan- Stock Specific, ! barathyrg: “Windsor:
of water—awent some daily and taky 4 : \ . 4 . I, Clam.”
TOWN OF ESSEX, Anuric, double strongth, before mnn's —_—— Ca lt M ea l & Ww P 7.00 6.16
J Anaric, ! ore minal, a 0 0p
Atte ig & discovery of Dr. Dlarce, | rlbeioioiodoorofufoefeeriofofot rm Powders : 816
Lieut, Gordon Davies, who wort} 1 bo ohtalost at Serial For Iv » . A 11.00 = 10.16
overseas with the 241at Battalion and | ™, #0 oa Sraginad at Ns oo : | y 17 p.m. I. i
was gassed [somewhere in France” Tn sinh ag ating, ASK FOR 0UR - PRICES Liniment. 10 i re 1)
last November. visited the past weck ot Bek * : 4 ‘ON : .00 216
v ; due to uric 2cid in the blood, Anurie : ;
with his brother Normiin_ 4n “town. i So y : Y . fino Re 5.00
a 3} the urie acid as hot i ily x 4.16
Lieut. Davies 18 in Canadn on sick quiskly Qias;lves 0 J 34
leave, but Is to report back for dury aie 0% Si 204.10 eents to Dr. ‘Rough am Dressed Lumber, > W. Te WILKINSON 4 9.30 $16
om March 23rd. Ho 18 improving from ren 2or P Fon, Pr Shingles, Lath, Plank, al 3 - + HARNESS AND LEATHER GOODS STORE . A 11.00 :
the German gas he received. ink is : | : Bs ne - : Ye ac 240 Meh
Capt. J. W. Brien, who went to i “ian ivan oo 4 Sash, Doors, : Phaag 92 AMHERSTBURG Expross car leaves car house, Wind
New York city a few ~woeks ago, in tro {of somo time. 1 H : sor, 6.40 a.m. d
connection with recruiting, has hoen Loo id sullonisiom Frames,’ Mouldings, ear house 2,19 my Pra car loaves
ejgterred fo Detroit, and Is In charge aweliin of tho lim Wall Boards, &c. . ; THE al Amherstburg oars ram ILA i
of the Medical Depot of the British took Anurio an A . EAD fbb bd Villo a.)d T a her
and Caitlin. Becta ting. Miia i entirely, eral ma ; 5 jo di #8 Tecunieh. * astarn 2

  

    
  

+

    

  
  
  
   
 

—_—

BUFFALO DIVISION:
Eastern Standard Time. 2.

—

ay ffoct November th, 1910 23

   
 
 

  

 

S$
=)
Ss
=~

  

 
    

ezs
e
se |

 

£3 ov
w

 
   
    
 
 

   
  
  

SESSSe

x bd
x nds

=S-2-)

  
   

pad bd bd od od
- 83

=
=}

 
  
   

like fayor

-+++ McGregor

Walker
wv Valkorville

dh pu
0s
83
ad
$

 

¢ AVIHE S.UIHLOW $bdddded dod ddd doddod dd

  
