a’

ea)

    
    
    
   
   
    
  
 
   
   
   

  
  

3

| S300 EOTIOE

 

  

vl¢ 1s © charm, madame,” smiled
Count -Sorlo as fio bent above Mrs.
Raymond's pretty band. “To wear it
will avert the evil eyo and a host of
other lis.” He smiled charmingly down
7

at ber.

uyou_.are very kind, count,” protest.
ol Mrs. Raymond, withdrawing her
hand and picking up a slik covered
jewel box, “but, really, 1 cannot accept

this bracelet.”

“Not 08 a souvenir of those delight-
(ul daye In Florence? reproached the
pandsome Italian, “I.am sure your
pusband will. join’ ma In the wish that
you may accept it as a token of my
warm friendship for my good friends,
the Raymonds!” He laid his shapely
pand on Dick Raymond's broad shoul-
der and smiled the smile of good fel-
Jowship into the young American's
honest eyes.

Dick Raymond smlied rather doubt
fully, for when be had Inst met Count
Eurico Sorlo it had been a most un.
pleasant occasion; he bad detected the
impoverished nobleman ‘cheating at
cards, and, although Dick had allowed
the matter to pass until the game was
concluded, be had privately informed
Sorlo of what be bad seen and warned
fim. ‘There had Deen one moment
when things hung Io the balance. Tho
ltallan bad looked at Dick sith mur-
derous bate in Lis biuck eyes, but he
Ind not offered to avenge the Insult in
blood; he bud merely turned on his
hee! and walked away, and the Ray-
monde had mot seen or heurd of him
for many weeks undll this sunny after-
noon, when the repentant nolligman
had called upon them, apologized band-
sompely to Dick and tendered] on ex-
quisite enameled bracelet ms a peace
offering to Mrs. Raymond.

“You will not permit the weeceptance
flared thé ‘count. “You perhaps have
suspicions that I come by ft not hon-
stly? Alu§, what a sad reputation 1
gnlned through omé small slip!”
He turned away to hide Lis ¢motion.

Lihel Rnymond, touclhed by thie grief
of tiie tempermmentul Htallun, smiled
and nodded. at lier busbund. Dick flash.
od a smile back, and bis big band went
out to grasp the lomg, yellow tingersaf
thé nobleman. ¥

“Very well, connt. We will consider
the matter closed. As for. the brace:
let, I dm sure Mrs, Raymond will De
charmed to ad@ ft to her collection of
Florentine ennmels. Come, my friend,”
lie swlled as the count turned a traps-
formed countenance’ “totvird him-—
“come, let us valk on the terrace and
anoke a clgamette before, lunch. You
will, of conrse, stay? >

“With pleasure,” beamed Sorio. And,

2”

   

with fn deep bow. to Mra. Raymond. and

u significant srulle as be watched her
fingering the enameled bracelet, he fol-
Jowed his bast on to the terrace, where

, there was a delightful view of the
loyely Arnd flowing townrd the distant |

sea and tha hills that encircle the city
of Florence,

To the men walking on the terrace
the view was a familiarone, but never
tiresome. Serio had béen born in Tus:
cany, and he loved It Dick Raymond
was 1 Inndseapg painter, nnd he loved
it because of {ts unchanging beauty.

As they passed the drawing room
windows it wns Sorjo's dark eyes that
flashed an. inquiring glance through
tie open casement. 4lways ho smiled
Turtively'ns he noticed état Bthel Ruy-
mond was holding the briicalet in her
fingers and admiring Its Deputy:

He did not love Ethel. He bated ber
with deep-Intensity born of her bus-
band’s deadly Insult to him many
weeks ago. Her husband was devoted
» ber. Through the wife Sorio might
Le rovepged upon the husband. Re
venge was sweet, and {t was yery near
Just now.

“Come down and look at our roses,”
irged Dick. And, quite confident that
he could leave the enameled bracelet
to do its duty. Enrico Sorio followed
his friend down the’ steps, aud they
disappeared. jn the garden.

Iu the meantime Ethel Raymond sat
there dreaming over the cnumeled
bracelet.

The door opened, and Carlo announce:
cl n visitor.

“Mmg¢. Testinol"

A tol), graceful woman, clad In white,
came forward, and Ethel laid aside the
Vracelet and went to meet ber with
outstretehied hands.

“Al, Lisetta, | am so glad to sce
you," she cried warmly. “Sit bere.
Margot snl ‘carry away. your wraps,
You must remain for luncheon. Count
Soro fa here.” * Tea

Lisctta Teatino Oosbed beautifully
and lnvoluntarlly glanced around the
room,

"They are. walking in the garden,”

 

explained Etfiel demurely, for she

knew that the-fair Italian lady and the

comt werd deeply in love with each.

ther. She suspgeted a romnove here,
nnd alo seas prepared to watch it with
Iuterest, for, like most wopien, she
throughly enjoyed a love affair.
M1 am snepeiied, hesitated the bean.
imi widow bi ANE

Piso] wn the ng fervonte “1

Uinzie thing Solo and pone hadmul
Wer < um Ceimisdi— that they bad a dif

foerenmy

; i, and as a peace offerng the count

     
  
    
   
     
  
  
    
    
  
   
      
   
  
     
    
 
     
    
   
  
  
     
   
     
     
   
      
 
     
    
   
    

    
    
     
   
    

FAVE hn bat and: |

— er a me

feasted Ethel, “but they inve made it |

ba brought us this Jovdy bracolot.io
dd to our collection of wamels. 18 1p
not exquisite?”

“Benutifulf” puatned Ligottn, a jeal
ous light gleaniDB In hey qqrk deat
“Ab, madame,” ihe added piaytully, “1¢
I had glimpsed (018 Wosderful bracelet
first Sorfo woul/i DEYGE have brought it
a8 a peaco offerivg to you!” Shelaugh-

| ed with sudden merriment, all ber {il

humor gone in a second. “Am I not a
bear to look so cross about your brace-
lot?"

“I am sure Count Sorio would rather
place it on your arm than on mine,”
laughed the American.

“If it did pot seem ungrateful to
Count Sorlo, I would like to have you
wear ft awihy @as your own,” added
Ethel. “Ab, Cesare, we will come at

once,” n# the servant announced lunch.
eon. “The gentlemen ate coming now.”

When Count Sorfo saw Lisette Tes-
tino stafding In the Nhgary toying with
the enameled bracelet his face went
suddesly pale and bis greeting to her
was Shortened to utter a whispered
word of protest.

ogiich gaudy trinkets do not become

your pile dignity, my queen,” he whis-

pered hurriedly. “Put ft aside, Lisetta,
It fs.4l1 Juck. It attracts the evil eye.
It is accursed.” He shuddered as he
caught bimself up sharply.
Ethel’s clear voice was speaking as
they moved toward the dining room.
“Count Sorlo says that the bracelet

is a charm, that It will avert the evil
eye and. that it will bring me" good
lack!” “

Dick Raymond laughed geninlly, but

the dinrk eyes of Lisetta met the black
glance of Sorlo. There was a puzzled
questioning In her glance and a min-
gling off fear and annoyance in his.

Lisetitn went back to the drawing

room aflier her handkerchief and when
ghe retwrned there was a look of
amusement In her cool glanco as ft
crossed! ‘that of her lover.

The meal progressed slowly. The
Raymondsi had a good cook in the per-

son of Mamgharita, the grandmother of

Cesare, mnd the wime of the country

was excellent.

Liisetta was sparkling with gayety,
amd the connt's dark gyes often sought
hers across the low arrangement of
flowers on the table, and the Ray-
Jnonds realized {hat very soon would
the flery Italian declinre Lis love for
the widow. er

Suddenly Lisctta lifted one white
band to adjust the wose Ethel had
fucked In her jet Blaclk halr. As she
did" so ber three companions saw for
the first time that she wms wearing the
ennmeled bracelet.

Lisetta: tossed ber hemd and smiled
impudently at Ethel

“See, carissima, I am 'walring your
bauble while T may!”

“It. becomes you rarely, madame,”
laughed her hostess.

Sorfo's face was/ghasitly pale. Twice
his lips parted as If toy give utterance
to some protest; but they closed, as'it
setrecy demanded sllemco at any price.
At last he could coniinin himself no

longer. y

“Madopna!™ he gaspwd, rising and

reaching across the tabile at Lisetta’s

arm. “Take 1t off,eard mila; It—means

—death!” He half whispered the last

words and sank back In bls seat as

“Dick Raymond jumped up and held a

glass of wine to Lisetta’s pale lps.

Mme,” Teéstino had utfrered a sud:
den cry of anguish and.'lier bead droop-
ed slowly. down until iit rested on one
shoulder. :

“Phe pain, the pain" ghe muttered
before she lost consclousnjess.

Dick Raymond dashed around the
table and caught the shrinking Sorle
by the shoulder. “What has happened,
you coward?’ he demanded. “What is
there about that bracelet thins causes
Mme. Testino to swoon, apd thin very
sight of her wearing It upon her tnrm
cnuses you alarm? Eh? Tell me, or,
by thunder, I'll shake you into alter.
nity!”

Cesaro bad darted fn and out of the
room like lightning flashes. He had
dispatched n page for a pliysician, and
while Dick was still trying to get’an
explapation from Sorio the doctor ar-
rived and went fnto the salon where
.Lisettn was lylog on a sofa, pale and
lifeless. ES 4

That was an cventful night in the
Villa Rosario, The ddctor remained un-
til morning and administered antidotes
for the deadly poison which had been
injected. Into Lisetta’s veins through
the medlom of the poisoned bracelet.
A tiny needlo had darted into her flesh
mg she clasped the bracelet about her
shapely ‘wrist, but the prick Bad been
&o slight tbat she had scarcely no-
teed it.

By morning the danger was over.
he poison, which had remained in the
bracelet for perhaps a hundred years,
80 anckune wna its history, bad lost its
potency, and fhe quick action of the
pbysielay, combined with Lisetta's
splendiy physique, resulted In complete
Tecoyery for Mme. Testino. As for En
rico Sario, who bad lntended the pol-
soned \yracelet for Ethel Raymond, tho
Wife 0F go mun upon, whom ho wished
to be reyenged, Dick permitted him to
disappear from Florence.

It was perhaps punishment enough
for bis myprderous heart that he for
ever lost tho regard of Lisctta Testino,
and, a8 for the Raymonds, they left
Florentg at once and went buck tc
Americn, and before they went they
disposed of thelr interesting collection’
OF enamels. '
“1 never svant to sce a Florentine en-
Amel again,” shoddered Ethel:

But tho enameled bracelet remained

    
     
   
  
     
  

 

Sho had ft cleansed of its polsonous

 

Toi tablo fon esystal box.
Pry remember, carissima,”

treachery of one 3

riot

|| presented an address and purse to

 

 

    
     
  
  
  
   
   

in the possession of Lisetta Teatino -

 

     
  
   
  

‘properties, and it remains an tier dress.

piafaed fo Ethel Raymond one day,

  

 
  
  
 
   
    
    
  
  
   
   
   
   
 
    

  
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
  
 
      
    
   
    
   
    
  
   
    
  
    
 
 
  
 
   
    
 
   
    
   
   
  
 
 
   
 
  
 
 
  
   
  
  
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
    
 
 
  
 
 
  

   

NER

Built for All Roads

The new Gray-Dort embodies

the Pugeot motor. Built by all the good features that won

  
  

 
  

Gray-Dort engineers Etienne Planche, who built
think in terms of ba
roads as well as goo
ones.

Stone, brick, dirt or
concrete — smooth
city street or rough
rutty road-—good
going or bad going
— they figure on
them all.

For instance, take the
matter of springs.
The rear springs in
the Gray-Dort are 50
inch full cantilever.

Or the starting and lighting
—W estinghouse.

   
  

¢ . instant success for former mod-
a corps of motor engineers ls The 4-cylinder motor is a
who did one thing well— triumph of smooth, economical

build Gray-Dort motors. speed and power. The chassis

, . is sturdy and quiet. The springs
In every detail you will find 4c long, The upholstery is

care—the careful work of a deep. The: equipment is ab-
man who jcys in his task, solutely complete from elec-

hidden though it be. The tric starting and lighting to the

tools. New lines of beauty have
men who make Gray-Dort een given this model.

drop forgings which YOU The five-passenger touring car is
never. see, take as much #1.195; the three-passenger fleur-

; . . de-lys roadster 15 $1,060; the Gray-

pride in the finished car as port special, beautifully finished, . .
: : ly

does the president of

the and with extra details of equi
[155
compary.

ment, 15. 3125 above the list.
It is this spirit of manufac-
ture that has made the Gray-

prices are f.0.b. Chathatn.
Agents :

Dort an honorable, a reliable

car. Itis the minute atten-

H. GRANT DUFF,
tion to detail, the stern de-

mand for unequivocal quality Amherstburg.

that is winning Canadian ide
The motor; designed by motorists to it. 52
: F. E. RICHARDSON, |
GRAY-DORT MOTORS, LTD. Harrow. - .

CHATHAM ONTARIO =~ A

In ths United States—THE DORT MOTOR CAR CO., Flint, Michigan Dealers in every
ocality

  
 

 

  
 

 
   
 

 
  
 
 
 
 

 
 
  

  
   

 
 
 

  

 

  

  
  

   

  
 
 
  

  
 

 
   

  
   

  

  
 

  

 
  
 

  
  

 
 

  
 
 
   
  

 

seRarmEERE
spasm e
SER ELEEER|

 

The Ramparfs
of Old Quebec.

 
 
  
    

 

 

    
   
    
 
   
   

VETERAN EMPLOYEE OF
HOSPITAL FOR INSANE:
IS HONORED BY STAFF

KEEP

 

How

(London Advertiser.) vis §

On Weédnesday evening the employ-
ces of the Hospital" for Insane, Lon-
don, met in the Assembly Hall and

 

John Flynn! Leaving After Fifty Years
of Service.

 

BY JOHN W. 8, McOULLOUGH, M.D. D.P.H., CHIEF OFFICER
OF THE PROVINCIAL BOARD OF HEALTH. y

  
 
  
  
 
 
 
    
  
 
   
  
 
  
   
     
     
   
 
   
  
 
  
 
    
  
 
    

 

   
 

THE FOOD WE EAT. or a he
~ Wr ep REE lg AL

HE AMOUNT OF FOOD ong eats ia determined by one's weight, the
amount of work onerdoes, the season of the year and, to some
extent, by one's digestion. A great part of the food we eat goes to
make heat, consequently the fuel value of the food eaten in'cold

. winter weather should be twice as great as that of the summer
when the heat ranges from 90 to 100 Deg, F. :

Food value is generally indicated, by the term calorie. A calorie is the
amount of heat'required to raise ono kilogram of water one. degree centi-
grade. A man doing aetive manual labor requires 4,000" calories of food
dally, as compared with 2,000 calories required by the man lying quietly in
bed. -In a general way tho amount of food a'person needs varies with the
weight, but the unit of food per pound of weight is highest In the first year

of lifo and lessens year by year as one becomes older. The baby grows yoy
e

      
  
      
       

   
  
   
 
 

John Flynn, who*has resigned.

A large number of employees were
present. Br. Robinson, medical super-
intendent, presided, and stated that
suth a gathering rarely took place, as
Mr. Flynn was terminating a term of
home, than fifty years of continuous
service iin one position. He had been
been In thia ‘employ of the institution
when at" Wag fn Malden ‘and camejto
London Wiki the first patients, who
arrived on ‘November 1st, 1870.. He
pointed oub that during“all-this long
period’ of biglt a century, Mr. Flynn
had, given, gplondid service, slways

faithful atq conscientious and neyer
neglected hfs duty in any way. in his frat year Jd banides he takesia great denl of exercise.

LEY)

“hana

 

and

| Eating Potatoes.

All varieties of Garden Seed. All varieties of Flower Seeds. .The best:
Lawn Grass Seed. Sweet Cofn Sged. Early and Late Potatoes. Pratt's
Poultry and Stock Fdod, and ers’. Secure your Seed and Domestic
Supply. now. Building Brick, Fire Clay, Fire Brick, Flue Lining, Hard
wall Plaster, Hydrated Lime, Plaster Paris, Cement, Sewer Pipe and
Fittings, Field Tile. Rock Salt and Barrel Silt, Salt in bags, 60 ths.
and 100 bs. All kinds of Poultry Spices. Calf ‘Meal, Oil Cake and

Linseed Meal. Flax Seed. .
| G A

  

 

 
 
 
   
   
   
  
  
   
     
   
  
      
      
   
      
    

had not of works harder than
the Hospi Saka the ow fd Foods are classed as Proteins, Fats, and Carbohydrates or Sugars. The

a > "{ proteins are the substances necessary for the growth and repair of the body
iy igs, Siated a .: BWI tissues, The fats pre warm and the carbohydrates supply energy.
Rll Tt 18 In arity | EBS, milk, chooso and. meat give the largest amount of projein; milk and
assisted In Sah a aior Ally | nutter the largest supply of fats, while sugar, jam, bredd, milk, and coreals
thelr- present. Diovitalr grounds fo jo ooly supply the carbohydrate, The following tables indicate the quanti
ot the trees ties of food and food values for the diet of—" areal -
hands. He (1) Child Two to Four Years Old. °

BREAKFAST —

 

 

bisautiful’ state. ‘Many
ho Hlanted with his own
hejfped to lay out the

  

Amount Carbohy-

flowr beds and the various “pictur. | . in oza, Protein. Fats. drates. Calories,

esque walks and drives. The splendid 178

sees 8 43 8

  

     
  
 

 
     

     

  

 
     
       
   
  
 
   
    
    
   
  
   
 

         
     
 
  
 
   
   

    
   
  
    
 
    
  
   

       
   

 

  
   

  

 

   

\ Careal.. ui. wane i - 0 Le - = I. i
Toray de Cor ae Soaaat oo Egs (hotld) 1 THRE nt LET NT i ~~"  Grain;"Seeds, Feed, Bte. od
glven them by Mr. "Flynn ‘aad bis | Butter Es Anes HIE 0 PHONE 75. : © Amherstburg, Ont.
To ation 10 bis chief duty-as sup: | HIE ++ ++ +r ren iiere 8 98 108 123 12( A :
prvisor of tho east cottage, where he tr : TTT TT LTT ene rr rr CONOR ORO OOS SOROE
had under his constant charge some DINNER— 1° ii Paw , Bid 1% Rus
sixty patients, he devoted a consider-| areas INNI SES Nos a 8 dilachiide Co mT
able portion ot his tima to xsi Botais SINS 3 a1... HE Db
Tho Success ne Savage gates, Green Vegetablo .. “2 24 139 31 35
t excelled garden, which 18} Bread (one slice) a ots “3 308 = ano
hain thie Dominion; 18. to 3 [Hutter vs... + Se elt 46 92 60
Navica of Ma Prgms ‘© the help and | Deggort (Custard) .....eo 1 ; oT
ie LE sd Me: hg ae 330 a
BOF, ‘rogrot that Mr. Ara J i i ah Ea ~
Fyliun was. loaving tho fustitution, A ER RT lil FoR SRE Nothing Saves Feed like a Modern Silt
ing a Aree, nw Dh Sur feveng aves as Es Sk 108 i] 18) RF a a a
Neti Wa RB. Holsitway and Fruit (as aked apoled.cs © Bo... 216 60 Nothing Builds up Your Stock
Mr FI 3 gal oe ™ Le ; rr ; oh TR ~ T750 200 - sta Like Silage. ¢
thelr do _ 2 (2) Diet for Boy Nino Years Old. ; :
morvices : Shien Petey Aumount, Ee

  

Ing ¢ phn

   
