y

FE a ETT TUF Rr rr Sr Sr Sp Sr Ia I SS SRR SS A tt hts

ALE |

EE a a aa diam d

We have heen decidedly gratified by the response of the buying public of the Border Cities and of the County to our Special Prices in our

efforts to reduce our stock. Every day has heen a good husy day and, adding new items to our sale. There are lots of things in the Dry

=

other kinds of goods; sizes from one year to 14 years. Reduc-

tion Sale—

EMBROIDERIES AND LACES—Corset Cover Embroideries, Edgings and In-

sertions and all kinds of Laces are included. These are mostly Swiss and
British goods ......... ..34 OFF REGULAR

to push this sale to the limit by continuing our very special prices and adding new items to our sale. There are lots o fthings In the Dry
Goods line needed at this senson—so we term this our “Some Specials” in our BIG REDUCTION SALE.
| FeV A r
Ili ; ; | d | 5 [
Ribbons of Silk, Satin or Corded are all included—not full ranges of colors | ° | [ell S Jal 1
8 —but big enough range to satisfy anyone. Our prices are all marked down on
I Our Sale these goods. We quote some reductions on the ones placed on sale:
We have an Excellent Stock
|. of new style Trimmed
For this occasion we offer them at

Miifinery RIBBON SALE
Made of Prints, Ginghams, Crepes, Muslins, and many
| 3c lines for 25¢; 25¢ for 19¢; 20¢ for 15¢; 15¢ for 11e; 121g¢ for Se.
and Made
1-4 Off Regular.

LADIES’ FANCY COLLARS—The new styles of Georgette Crepe, Sheer Mus-
lin, Silk or Satin—all reduced......

wu

regular 25¢—

HANDKERCHIEFS—An all Linen Embroidered Handkerchief;
= 19¢, 3 for 50¢

sale price

Men’s Furnishings:

SUMMER UNDERWEAR—Two-piece or combination, in natural or in white,

FLOWERS—We have carefully selected=a_ big variety of short or long Sleeves. ...o.iaunen ui .. Reduced by about 14

CHILDREN’S MIDDIES ANR MIDDY SKIRTS—The latter
made with a white cotton guimp, with skirts, pleated, of
plain white, or cotton sport cloths, or of wool, navy serge
—a most useful and saving article. The Middies and these
Skirts are ; 14 OF Regular

Our M iddle-of-the Season
Sale of Whitewear 4
Is Good!

WAISTS—White Wash Skirts, Middies, Corset Covers, Night-

Flowers and Foliage, in large and small ones, and are

WORK SHIRTS—Regular from 65¢ to $1.50 Reduced by 14 OF

10¢ and 15¢ each BATHING SUITS—Specials in Jersey or Cotton Suits.

including them in the sale at

SOCIO Os
Remember the Border Cities’ Retail Merchants are going to have a
monster picnic to Bois Blanc on Thursday, June 13th. Mark this date down

and come.
| a ae San cre ei Ee Sutil

J. i i K DI & \ gowns, Drawers, Petticoats, etc, are all inclpded— # =

: 1 : 1 4 Off ;
Pictoral Review Patterns. 14 Off Regular

ay : 3 t Phone 496 UNDERSKIRTS—Of Black Sateen, Taffetine and other fabrics;
25 Sandwich Stresk Eas £1 oxy 3 worth more by yard than we are selling made up—at
WINDSOR - 4

Ls SFR Te ea 14 Ofi Regular

4444044404404 04004004440004000

purchase of samples

HAT SHAPE SPECIALS—Clearing
of all kinds of¢ Hat Shapes, of Lizere, Hemp and Milan.

Special at $1.49 each

PANAMAS
For the Ladies

We have a nice variety of these very useful hats, and

x

STSPERERE SE FI TP SR OR AR SRR AR AR AR SR 2 JR AR SR AP SR AR AR SR SR AR SR ARAL SRS WP SP IPCI

also.a good range of pands—in fancy and plain colors—an ideal 23 &

ONTARIO.

FE EL EE

combination for good serviceable. wear.

+4

At

v
a 2
1
J]
-

Tr TEV Mr EL

{HOW TO KEEP WELL

\ along for four or five hours.

EEE Ras

=

I — |

P.H., CHIEF OFFICER

. §. McOULLOUGH, M.D,
BY JOHN W fie Bees

OF THE PROVINCIAL Bf

A

To — ACHE. :
A SYMPTOM, and not a disease. If you have a head:
BADAH Is most cases due to some bad habit, You eat too much;

drink too much, slep' too little, strain the.eyes too much, or work

J from causes

B, hese are infrequent compared to those coming :

, which habia Ti Let us consider LEY of ihe soninon causes of head:
| discomfort may prevented: ’

ps 1 pal BO toi cam in beer, Wik: or wine. - gfomedy .

40 cut them out, or so leasen the quantity to give Foun inezh gu: pki

fair chance to eliminate the poison. If you have indulged, loplent nid

booze’ as quickly as possibfe. - This may be done by a com ’

He pills, a hot bath, hot cloths applied to the head, hot broth, and

2 a biliousness or over indulgence in food. Nothing Is better than

good rest in a quiet, darkened room.
ok died he city man (or woman) at a desk
; tant strain from 5 p.m, to |
rried menls is often the subject

S SY MPTO! All these people’ need more
HEADACHES Xonr is air and exercise. Golf, bowling or

t, potatoes,
i 1f. with one-fifth the quantity of fresh men!
ture io jmefruit, vegetables and water will do more for

| the headache cures in the eT
Sa De the either to defective eyesight or to trying eye Fork,
causes: lots of headaches, Headaches of this kind gsually cone on i) 0%
evening, (Sometimes in ‘the morning) after o trying day.

test eye strain is for one to
te fore ee aad twenty feet by measure
| can he Tine marked 20, first with

and if the letters are mot

> c ulty and glasses are
i 0 { do. A oculist and get the eyes properly fitted. hiss
5) Fatigue headache. Some people get headache fm Satigus. These
headaches develop towards the close of the day. The onl
over-oxciting oneself. *
(6) Too light a breakfast. people,

Many
% {s insufficient to carry ono
nothing for breakfast but tea and ¢ toast gly . i, Se in

one of the best meals of the day. “A good
or Grapefruit.
? s, with Milk and Cream. Tolle,
Eggs;/ soft bolled, poached, or in omelette.
Tout and pris Cream and Sugar.
(7) I ED headache of this character 2 is fies
described as a band about the head.” There may bea feeling as gl

ke a man feel ho
top of the bead fs coming off, aK maractor 1a to

, outdoor life,
ly from worry.

| Bio, os
‘ ] 5 - r character. The subjects of
troquently have headaches of a partiouinr ohare Ee

1 ng feoling. There may

he a piven Ee such as flashes of light first in oie, 078. thes

in the other. ‘Theso ms are suctceded 2 eriodically without any

sometimes vomiting. The headache sick headaches. They run in

tamilios. Some oi ‘them well into the prime of life and are in
3 hem for a day or two

’ every. th, This
‘hed. in a darkened’te "It is often confined to one side of the
the nam

especially. women, eat

good breakfast. It ought to
type of breakfast s— Oi

*|Gardiner, of Exeter, formerly. of Es-

hot and |
measured five fect three inches long.

"| EAMINGTON.

Messrs. Garnett and “Cavin Hogg,
of Howard, were week-end guests here
of thelr uncle, T. W. Hall, The former
has been called to the colors...

Miss Enel Derbyshire, of Wheat
ley, has returned home after spond-
ing a couple of ‘weeks with her grand-
mother, Mrs. Derbyshire, Marlborough
street.

The first grower in this locality to
got his tobacco plants im 18 J. DM.
Henry. He bogan rlanting Tuesday,
the date being an early one. Plant-
ing: will be, general in a week or two.

’ Bruce Snider, who enlisted with the
Canadian Engineers and has been
training at London, has been trans-
ferred to Brockville, from which point
he expects to leave shortly for a point
farther €ast.

Miss Beatrice Howe, teacher in one
of the Junior Departments of the Pub-
seciioninot In thé draft have enlisted |1jc school, has’ been given leave of
for service. Mac Dusty has pessed his [absence tor a few months to visit:her
‘examination at Toronto for the avia:[gister at Battleford, Sask.

tion corps; ‘A. C. Ransom went to De-|  guab 1000 boxes of fish have been
troit and enlisted in the British-Can- shopped by local ,fishermen, or an
aia, IiseoR there. bela assures Rygrige of 3 a day, Sundavs irciugs
to the cavalry; D. D. J "led, to New York and Chicago’ since
chester North, also enlisted .at De May 1st.5 The shipments are chiefly
trolt on Saturday last, being assign |,var the Michigan Central¥Raflway.

ed to the artillery. The W. C. T. U. held its annual

It's too “expensive (0 OWN an AUtO-lyaaiing at the home of Mrs. George
mobile in Windsor. = At least that's pe Jast week, when the following
what L. E. Barber told Cupt. George |,ficors were. elected:  Progident,,
Cheyne, J. P., Thursday morning inn, Terryberry; 1st Vice-President,
police, court after being fined $2 for| irs’ Boscom; Recording = Secretary,
allowing his machine to stand more |e, ‘patullo; corresponding Secretary,
than 16 minutes in a congested part age J McR. Selkirk; Treasurer,
of the city. The automobile was not |ajrs: Holton; L. T. L. Secretary, Mrs.
within the “no parking” area, but Bar- {mg rehorry.

ber violated the cy by-law, neverthe-
KINGSVILLE.

less, the court ruled. X
While driving his father’s auto along ;
Mrs. Dignan returned to her home
ou Saturday after at_Eeter on Tuesday after visiting

the Talbot road near the Maidstone

Methodist church

noon last, Everett Richardson had the Be ohh Darl Gaaghtor:. Mr. Guy
misfortune to meet with an accident. Brown, for several weeks. ! )
He turned out too far with the result |™ ye" Knopp, a Leamington. man,
that the wheel went over the side of | "0 19 wandering in the fields at
the ditch, afd the car was upset Into |, jor Soratch’s Tuesday, and gather-
the ditch. He had his childfen with] 375" 3 ona chfef of police. He
fifm, but all escaped without an fin- proves to be partially Irresponsible

ury. Fortunately ‘he was travellinglo, 4" wis sent to Sandwich for a
a a slow speed, otherwise there would eh

no, doubt have been a different tale to} “gu rat Sisson, who enlisted with
tell. With the assistuuce of neigh}, , gah Battalion, and has been over-
bors living near by the maghine Yoo seas for some time, has been made
got out in a short time withou sergeant of the ‘military police at
having suffered any, damage, Witley Camp, Surrey, England, From

— ee r—~—— last reports Garnet is keeping well

y and hopes to be able to return on fur-
WHEATLEY. A lough in the near future.

TOWN OF ESSEX.

William Gardiner, son of Emerson

sex, has joined the Canadian Flying
Corps.

Jolin Humber is In a very serious
condition with Bright's disease and
small hopes are hold out for hjs re-
covery.” ©

Th results of the third year exam-
{nations in Toronto University were
issued last week. In Eiglish and His-
tory (Moderns) but tyo pupils obtain
first class honohs, Miss J. G. Ocell and
Miss Willena Crawford; the latter of
Essex. <div

Mr. Corey, of the Provincial License
Department, was in town last week
in connection with the case laid by
Inspector Stone against flve young
men, for infraction gt the"O.TuA. The
case was further adjourned for elght
days: - .

A number of young men in this

day this week while Mr. and|=
PB ‘B. Hatt, 7th line, Merdea, | “op
oh walking in the woods, they
came across a huge blue racer. With
hoe and club they attacked the rep-i
tile, which: showed fight, and made |
short work of his snakeship; When}
dead and straightened out, the snake

J. M: te, Ivan Métcalfe and O.
a ore Tin Kiafevilo

|good healty; »
got these pills through .any |

| Saturday

MAKING YOURSELF
WELL AND STRONG

Condition by Keeping the
Blood Pure.

People with strong constitutions es-
caps most of the minor {lls that make
lita miserable for others. Don't you
envy the friend who does not know
what a headache Is, whose digestion Is
perfect, and who sleeps soundly at
night? How far do you come from
this description?® Have you ever made
an earnest effort to strengthen your
constitution. to bulld up your system,
to ward off discomfort and disease”
Unless you have an organic disease
it is generally possible to so improve
your physical condition that: perfect
health will be yours. The first thing
to be dong.is to build up your blood
as poor blood is the source of paysical
weakness. To build up the blood Dr.
Williams’ Pink Pills {8 just the medi-
cine you need. Every dose helps to
make new blood which reaches-every
nerve and. every part of the body,
bringing calor to the cheeks, bright-
ness to the eye, a steadiness to the
hands, a good appetite and splendid
energy. Thousands throughout the
country whose condition once made
them despair, owe their present good
health to this medicine. If you are
one of the weak and ailing give Br.
Willfams* Pink Pllls a fair, trial andy
note the dally gain in new health and
abounding vitality. ‘Among those who
have-proved the truth of these state-
ments {s ‘Mrs. Fred. Goslin, R. R. No.
2, Ruthven; Ont, who says: “A few
years ago I underwent an operation
for a fibroid. tumor. I had Been -ail-
hg g0 long that I did not gain as the
fHoctors sald 1 should. I was In such
a rundown condition that they said it
Would take me a very long time to re:
Ghver."pBut instead of gaining [ was
Browing weaker, and the doctor ¥iil
I must go backeto the hospital.
Rot want to do this, and having often
heard of Dr. Willlams' Pink Pills as a
strength builder I decided to try them.
In three months ‘I was able .to go

IT did |=

Roy, in looking for’ it, stepped on
some rubbish in the long grass, and
80 badly cut his foot that one ‘of his
toes was. almost cut off. Roy; was
burried tothe dictor’s, and. fs getting
along now, though blood poisoning
was feared for a few days,

* Cottam.

Harry Noble is again in kbaki; in
training in’ London, and expects to go
overseas with the next’ draft from
that place. —Bjirch & Srigley have pur-
chased the store bullding occupied by
Wes. McClelland, from ‘F. S. Malott
for $3,800, Mr. Malott has taken a
Baby Grand Chevrolet in the deal —
David Hess has received a letter from
his- son Earl, who went overseas. last
fall, that he is recovering from an op-
eration for rupture which he under-
went in an hospital in England  re-
gentiy>—John. T. Armstrong Was
teaching his daughter to drive his Gray
Dort auto on- Sunday evenin® when
they met with .an accident’ gesulting
in the upsetting of their car foto the
ditch near Orlin Oshorné’s., The top
was, damaged, but mo -other damage
was caused to the auto.” The occu-
pants were uninjured. —Willlam Mont-
gomery, one of the oldest men in
Essex county and a resident of this
section for the past thirty-two years,
passed away at the home of his son
Rufus, in the 6th concession. De-
ceased was a very healthy man all his
life, and hardly "knew what sickness
was, Up to a {ew years ago lie was
able to get around as well as a young
man, but for the past few years. was
confined to the house, although able
to sit up and take his meals regularly.
A week ago he was removed to the
home of his son Rufus, and was pretty
well until the beginning of the week.
when he began to gradually fail, and
passed away Wednesday, night, retain-
ing his faculties up till a- few hours
before his. death.' Decensed: was 98
years of age, and was born In county
Cavan, Ireland, coming to Canada
with hfs parents when 8 years of age.
They settled fw Ottawa ' Valley at

about, and our home doctor éxpress-|. |
ed his astonishment, as he had not |

“=ppcted me to recover, believing per-
niCiGyg anaemia had set in. [- took
me §hout a year to recover my full
strength but ever since thas: I havo
been yoing my own housework. and
have i efve Dr. Williams’ Pink Plils
the praise or my present state of

ctiéine 4
medicine diglar or by mall
at 50 ceniy

1250 from Ts Dox or Six

st paid

"GOSFIELD NORTH

‘North Ridge.

Mr. and Yrs Bodo and family spent

,Eede, of Arner.—J. F.
been appointed dele-

_the Con-|

for |-

; e Dr. Williams Medicine|
> Bracke ont. 5

g . with “Mr. Eede's

Feder: EY

SUMMER SESSION: —Now is the time to equip yourself. with 4 Business,
: Education and “Do Your Bit” Our SHORT SUMMER
. COURSE gets you to the job BARLY. :

+ New Clas Erling an NORDAY, JOE 3nd

sian I og

Mise B; Pinsouneault
suliry $85.00 monthly to start.

North Gower. Deceased was married
there to Miss Maria McGee, and. thirty-
two years ago the family moved to
Cottam, residing here since. Mra.
Montgomery died May 7th, 1912. To
the union were born eight children,
of whom five are living—John H., af
Hamilton, N. D.; Wm. A, of Wood-
stock; JNewton, Sarah A. (Mrs, Mavid
Moore), and Rufus, of Gosfield North,
A brother, John, of North Gower, who
is 95 years old, survives. The fun-
eral took place” Friday. with services
at the home of his son Rufus, and in-
terment in Cottam cemetery.

DEATH'S DOINGS,

CHARLES W. HANCOCK.

Charles W. Hancock,” aged 70 years,
a pioneer farmer of South Woodslee,
died on Leamington on Friday of
pneumonia and the effects of a run-
away that occurred two weeks ago
whilé he was in South Woodslée. The
injuries from the runaway left him in
a weakened condition and when he
contracted pneumonia he was unable
to withstand tfie strain on the system.
Deceased had resided in South Woods-
lee 35 or 40 years ago. Hib wife was a
sister of Rev. J. E. Hunter, the evan-
gellst, who was associated with Hev.
H. T. Crossley. One som: John, living in
Leamington, survives. The wife and
two children predeceased him. Mr:
Hancock was a Methodist and a Con-
servative,

PAUL JANETTE.

Paul Janette, S2 years old,” retired
farmer, died early Saturday morning
at the-home of his son, George Jan-
ette, Grand Marais road, Sandwich.
Mr. Janette had been {llI' for some
months from general debility brought
on by old age, Until then he lived
on the family homstead, Tecumseh
road, where he*was born. Two sons,
George, of Sandwich West; Albert, of
Windsor, and two daughters, Mra,
Mliton Wark, of ‘Windsor, and Mrs.
Henry Pratt, of Sandwich West, sur ™
yive him.

0

~~ NOTES: : he
placed ‘with the American Tire Co. of Datrojt—

Miss’ Laurensin Jacques gos to Bunk of Montreal

salary $46.00 monthly to s

os pes Th

¥ Biv

¥

 
