  
 
 

  

UNION FAIR

BE AT AMHERSTBURG
MONDAY and TUESDAY

Sept. 30, Oct. 1

Large List of Special Prizes in all Departments
Stock Judging by Juniors.

Speeding Sports

in the and

Ring (ames

Two Events Baseball Tournament
the Second Day. and other Events

AD School Children of Amherstburg, Anderdon and
Malden admitied free Second Day if wearing badges.

Pref. CG. E. Day, Sec. Dommien Shorthorn Breeders’ Associ-
ation, will epen Fair TUESDAY.

SEND FOR PRIZE LIST

 

 

     
   
     
    
      

 

 

   
 
 
 
   
    
  
  
 
 
 
   
   
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
  
  
    
  
 
 
  
 
 
   
   
  
  
 
  
  
 

 

TOWN AND COUNTY.

4 sundown
—Comp K
on again” electric
plied under Hyd
being voic
Leamington P

  
   

 

  

 
 

  

have injerfered wit
line are being re

—Not a pound of s
in town for the first

    
    

     
   
 
 

RO years
was on the Harbor
|Capt. T. J. Stockwel
jmand for 14 years a

 

 

  

 
 
 
 
  

  
  
  
  
 
  
 
 

    

 

   
   
   
 

 

   
 
 
 

to make

  
    

onthe run [5 not kmown.

 

oY 250

MALDEN.

         

       

“for canning purposes” of
few weeks ago lke many pe
and are not now worrying r the
shortage. 167 home. "
< —On Monday evening of last week | Miss Bernice Millard, of Bay ity,
Howard. son of Mr. and Mrz 1 spent Labor Day at Robert Atkins".
Sellars, lake road east. Gosfield South, | The Misses Nina and Winnifred
“and Willie Buchanan, of Comber. jeft | [#neau-have returned to North Bay
for. Toronto Exhibition. wh they | Margaret Andasge] Sa heen
will act as junior judges on | cousins, Muriel and Luella
grain and roéts. On Wedne v
Directors of the Exhibition e alned

      

    

 

  

   
  
   
   
    
   
  
  
 
  

 

 

  
   

  
   

 

  

Atkin.
Ray- Atkin. of Sault Ste. Marie

pent 2 t bert Atkin's
the judges to luncheon and also gave | Spent Labor Day at Robe
them reserved seats fn the grand |r and Mrs Edgar Atkin
stand for the evening performance.”
—The post office has received word WALKEKVILLE.
ihaf Canadian postal notes can now — “ge

be sent to Any Canadian and Briush | Hargldd F. Woollatt, son of Mayor
soldier serving In France, and aré pay- | Woo'llatt, of Ojibway, who Las been
able at any British field post office_{n |attached to the Canadian cruiser
France . As field post offices are/Niobe, has been sent home as a result

     

~~should be a handy and cheap means [the ship. He caught his hand in a
of sending money to those at the piece of machinery, part of one finger
front. The sender is protected from ‘having to be amputated.
loss fn case of the postal note not be-| %

L received. . SANDWICH.

; Expert and daly qualified cheese- -
makers and creamery operators who| Amsie Dupuls. nine years old,
‘were actually In charge of cheese fac- youngest son of George J. Dupals,

tories or creameries at the time of grocer, 170 MH street, Sandwich,

was smothered to death, and two

being called up for service and whose
services are absolutely essential to other lads of about the same age se
‘the factories and creameries concern verely bruised, whe na sand and grav
“ed. may be granted leave 10 return 10 | yérely bruised when a sand and gravel
their factories until onmbe 1st. [pile in which they ere playing in
1918, on a certificate | Progperity Park. near Brick street,
from the PE us Repre- rr

t A caved fn Tuesday afternoon.
sentative that such cheesemakers and COLCHESTER NORTH.
« New Canaan.

Mr. and Mrs. Philip Bondy, of

derdon, were Sunday guests of M
Frank Egypt.

TKINGSVILLE.

    
  
  
   
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

   
    

 

 

     
     
  
   
   
  

   
 

  

 

 

  
  

 
  
      
     
 
  
 
  
   
   
 
  
  
  
  
  
 
   
 
  
    
        
    
 
      
   
 
   
   
       

Co, OWDET ‘guy ‘forced 1
aft spring}
lifmx’ It is

passenger Wright have returned to thelr home
for ours for the |S@EFice next year or another boat put

Miss May Atkin spent Labor Day at'y

. of New ,.OBt__ aroused :
handy (6 all units at the front. this of injurles received will working omy or: bury Row_futer-

   
    
    
    
    
   
   
    

 

 
    
 
    
   
    
 
   

 
   
  

FOR SALE BY .

for shilling, or the Latin solidus;

little “d™ for desarims, or penny,
and the “gr” for “quadrans” or quar
ter of a penny, standing for farthing.
though latterly “far” came to stand
generally for farthing. All American
schoolboys have stodied the table of
English money In that part of their
arithmetic @ealing with “redaction,”
which is “the changing of numbers,
either stmple or compound, from one
denomination to another without alter
ing their values™ Many men will prob-
ably remember that as bors they
worked and labored over two kinds of
“reduction,” which were called “reduc
tion descending and redaction sscend-
ing”

The decimsliring of English money
is, of course, In the line of simplifica-
tion. Some of the financial powerk
and papers are urging that parilament
take the matter under considerstion,
and it Is likely to come up for official
treatment and discussion at any time.

line
the Latin “libre,” or pound; the little
-_
the

AMHERSTBURG

 

  
   
   
   
   
 
  
 
  
  
 
     

 

azd Leamingion Cazions in fall dress
r=, followed by the sabordinate Soils in good tilth and well supplied
with plant food produce the best gar-
a SC ct ’ons TIS | gens Suecesstc! gardens, bowerer,
Bota re A can be grown or all kinds of soil from
eg Ser pm. fast time, | Uh sands to mocks and beavy days
saver Detroit apd W SOT mem It Is often possible to select a site
¥ Ambersi- | With soll that will yield better results
¢ wil con- | with less labor than nearby platy with
ry and re-| legs favorable soils. Good soil Is es
sraing. car leaves Amberst- | sential to a successful garden. If the
pm A large number of anto- | wil in the selefted garden site is poor,
es and Sowers will be reqiared it must be put into good condition be
Sppreciaie very mach the ofier of | 1078 satisfactory results can be ex:
So op ry Iodge members | Pected. Even where the soll is good
formed om | 10 start with, it will be necessary to
of the hall | spend considerable time in Improving
it by cultivation and fertilization be
ee Me fore it is la fir<t<lass condition for
. < UTH the production of vegetables
COLCHESTER SO A sandy loam i= an excellent type
S. S. No. 2, | of garden sofl. Sandy soils, as a rule,
‘ uth uccessful In| warm up earlier than others in the
t rd ezaminat —From Book | #pring. and enable the gardener to
I 10 Book I—Ronald Farbrother, Dor-| plant his Crops ex Solls too sandy
iy Klie, Edna Johnson, Viola Johz- dry out very rapidly and the crops
Lois Howle Eleanor Baldwin, are liable to suffer from drought.
Ligh ae; The lay of the land has considerable
* 1 ha Babin afluence upen the time when the sofl
Carrie Baltzer, Mabe] | a0 be worked, and a gentle slope to-
«on. From Book | "ard the south or southeast is most
. Louise | desirable for the production of early
Gladys | crops. It is an advantage tb have on
te HAr-|the' north and northeast a hill, a group
Arn-| of trees, some evergreens, a hedge,
bulldings, a ‘tight board fence, or a
stone wall in order to break the foree
of the wind.
Drainage Is Important.

Good drainage of the garden area
is of prime importance. 1f this does
not exist paturally, it may be sup-
plied by tillage or by artificial dralns.

; The surface of the land should have

Taylor, sufficient fall to drain off surplus wa:
: i i mez. 5 ter during heavy rains, but the fall

: Miss EB Ha are bo shonid not be so great that the soll
ata, Stott. 31.25. | Will be washed. On hillsides wash-

s Hall, ng can be overcoma to a considerable

x extent by contouring the rows so as to
cause the rains to run off slowly. The
garden shoanld not contain depressions
In awhich water will accumulate or
stand. | If the surface Is {fregular, a
little soll can be taken from high
3 places and the low ones filled. Waste
Buds of | Water from surrounding land should
- raised not flow toward the garden, mpd the
rom pub- | fall “below should be such that there
y ised, $114.01] Will. be no danger of it backing up.
rustees of sald church | A garden site on the banks of a creek
1 Iy heip-| or stream that will be lable to over-
Rew | flow during the growing season should
: 10] not be selected If any other land can
€Iped I pe nad.

A good fence around the garden piat
Is almost Indispensable. It. should
protect the crops from all farm ani-
mals, including poultry, and should
be tight enough to keep, out rabbits.
Aisi miot- The question of proximity to the | range, the highway road excavator has
of an auto- [house Is of us great Importance in | scooped from the hilly ground several were virulent. as shown by reaction fn’ guinea pigs.
terworks on Sand- | locatlog the garden as the character | hundred pounds of lead from bullets

    
 

  

       
   
    
    
 

 
 
   
   

Londen Toronto Montreal

 

 

  

  

HOW TO KEE

  
  

      
   
  

     

   
   

Fuel Value of Coal Lessened.

Careful estimates made by the di-
rector: of the burean of mines and
his associates Indicate that while last
year's coal output of GW.) 0M fons
will probably be locreased to 650.000 -
000 tons this year, the effectiveness af
this fuel will be equirslent to a pro
duction of normally prepared coal ag-
gregating only 570,000,000 tons. The
reason for this surprising discrepancy
is that much of the coal Is not being

   

   
   
 
   
    

 
   

        
   
   
    
  

        
    
  
   
   
  

 

    
   
    
  
    

    
   
 
   
    
  

    

    
    

more ash content In this yeag's coal
than In that of previous years. In

most noted Lealth man

       
    
   
 

carloads of ash are being added to OF DISEASE
the burden borne by the rallsars.

ooal means a reduction In efficiency in
the remaining good coal of 7% per
cent. Stating the case another way, | bat it bas its good uses.
the total reduction In the ecoval's ef-
fectiveness is 12% per cent.

feasible by the fact that the workingmen there

   

The other gredt foe of pu
is ignorance; that is, want of knowledge of wha

 
 
 

 

   
  

 

The writer hopes that everyone who se
Daylight Baving Worked Well.

In the United Kingdon during the
four and a half months that daylight

   
 

      
   

in 4, for they, after all, are the portio
susceptible to education. The older on

    
   

claimed that the saving In gus alone
conserved 200000 toms of coal. The
expenses {o consfumers were reduced
by £2.3T5.000, Electric light compan- 5

les reported a reduction of about 20 .
per cent. ; Following an outbreak of communicable d

In, France fuel used for iNuminat-

Ing purposes was 10 per cent less af-
ter the daylizht saving program was
adopted.

In Germany the Berlin municipal
sus works reported in May and June
of 1916 a decrcake of 508500 cabic
meters, in spite of the fact that 18,-
000 new gns meters had been Installed
during the previous six months

~~ Easy Money.
Near Otis Hill, In Hingham, Mass,

the children will perhaps gain some good from {t.
some good public bealth advice, none
read Exodus and Leviticus.

    
 
 

5¢; J. Banks,
Garnet Turner,

 

DISINFECTION' walls wiped with a solutio
circumstances seem

Ineluding scarlet fever, cerebro-spinal meni
influenced by carriers,” persons who

DIPHTHERIA vey disease to others..
CARRIERS

sustained minor in- | case it should be gs near as possible, | ited with having obtained enough lead
pted to drive fis | go

2 8lréet car and | epg
turned and he

  
  

ps may be done at odd times and ! work netting him $1.50.
the vegetables quickly secured by the 4 } CoE
housewife. A Litchen garden located i = :
near the kitchen door 1s a convenience

4 auto,

 
 

 

TST Ts : QUESTIONS.
GOSFIELD SOUTH. The Largest: Nesta.

 

at
1s

    
 
 

 

times 15 feet high and 150 feet In cir

 

supply for the family.

    
      
     

Aav o} r is - UESTIONS 2) "
a es saa relatives Importance of Sunlight... cumference. They are believed to be | @UES ments Hiker this wal eo One
| troft, spent Treg Mrs | In selecting the location for the | tbe largest Hess made by any £ Q.—How much Antitoxin is safe to give to a child seven yi
| Arthur Fox —Mr and Mrs. Wesley garden and Io planning the arrange- 4

| Miller and family have been at Wird- Jags of he ph: the Serdenss hg yi a
tending the funeral of Mr. Mil-|@nderstand that no amount of ferti

ler's tlster, Mrs. June—Miss Bell An-| er. watering and care will replace sun- Million. Dollar Brain

dersan, of Malden, Tis been spending | shine. Careful consideration should | “Old Bostely says he has a million

| »

(a week with Miss Agnes Arner — be given to how many hours a day any |90llar brain,” observed the man who

ier Livingstone has beaten all previous | part. of th, sed ts | Was always picking up Information.

pai e proposed garden space “He's quite the .

shaded. As a rule, foliage crops, quite Tight,” answered the other;

such as lettuce, kale and spinach, do | It Would cost him fully that much to

| fairly well In partial shade, but must : find out what's the matter with it

| have a minimum of three hours of. a os

tember 4th, while greatly needed and [Sunshine a day. Plants which ripen Lest orget.

Ei did some damage in level-| fruits, such as the tomato and egs- We F

 

 

     
     
    

      
    
   
 

{ ue having picked ane that tipped the
scales at just two pounds.
Klondyke. i

The rain storm of Wednesday, Sep

 

ling some fields of corn.—Geo. Grain-|plant, should have a minimum of five oe Joo aften Torgef, there a soul”
ger has bought a new Chevrolet car. | hours sunshine each day, 3 goodn. hat dof uly 12

In this locality nearly all the different ————id ot In things yy
makes of automobiles are represent- fenenally g soul of truth no -
ed. —The Public school reppened on |. Toueous, bu
September 3rd. The trustees having
engaged a new teacher, Miss Hammett,

 
  
 
 
 
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
     
    
   
    
    
 

   
 
   

 

‘WAR FUEL SLOGANS

 
     
 

 

Adds to Phonograpive Tone.
The intensity of the tone obtained
from a phonograph can be varied by

a recently. i ai pede mobiing|
provided with a- ght to reg-
ulate itr pressure.

1

est with the sctolars, so nearly all of
them were present on opening day.
Incident to such occasions, classifica
tion, organization and gefting acquaint-
ed with the new teacher was the order
of the day—Since the threshing sea-
son started, great interest has been
manifested by the farmers as to the
best yield of the different grain crops.
Threshermen have been interviewed
for information. In this connection we |
learn from John McCrae, the veteran
tfiresherman of this county, the follow-
ing particulars: - George Sweetman
had a five acre field of oats
ed 102 bushels per

wa Ca
Keep up with the war program
~burn wood. | -

Cut a cord and help win the war.
Save coal far munition Indus
tries by burning war fuel
“Now is the time to cut wood.
«Coal 18 scarce—there's “wood to

     

     
   

 

   
  

 

       
 
   
   
  
 

Vhen One 1s Rich.
You are rich indeed, if you have un- |
bounded health and strength, with an |

wages of any place In America. Money may be an evil.

veniences in
and Killed work
learn—the tal “L” with a short combined in cne range
at ht ont ~—+the Pandora.

W. H. JONES & SON

     
   
    
  
   

Winnipeg
St John, N.B. Hamilton Calgary + Edmontan

 

PWELL |

BY JOHN W. 8. McCULLOUGH, M.D., D.P.H., CHIEF OFFICER
OF THE PROVINCIAL BOARD OF HEALTH.

blic bh

isease In a home the room
occupied by the sick person should be “thorough#y cleaned. The floors

should be scrubbed with Soap and hot water and the

n of 1 in 2,000 bichloride of
mercury, carbolle acid, or cresol 1 in 20.

to the Medical Officer of Health to demand {
Deed not, bé fumigated by means of formaldehyde of sulphur.

It is well known that outbreaks of diphtheria and other diseases,

ngitis - and typhoid fever, are

are quite well and have not
recently suffered from the diseases,

entirely, satisfactory in exterminating the’ germs of the disease. Some of
He was thrown to| and contour of the ground. In every | fired there, and one young man Is cred- >

y i - usually give satisfactory results.
20 that the work of cating for the | to fill an ash sifter, his first hour's | of diphtheria bacilli do not themselve

] : AB: Q—H ball I get ’
p the Oseiy In thousands of homesteads. It is de- | The mound-shaped nests of the jun- Q—How 5 get rid of vermin in a child's bead
I {0 be put Into amorimer bottom | Arner. sirable even Where a separate larger | gle fowls of Australia, In which the A.—The hair should be washed with g0ap and warm w. , dried, and
Il the sh |for freight service, Wirether this:bo#t| The Misses Jones and Margery | garden 1s utilized for the production | €£ES are hatched by the heat. of ‘the | then soaked, in gasoline or coal oil with a towel tied about the head over
boys at th {will be returned here f

\ : night. = Next morning the hair should be carefully
Walkerville, after spending the | supiry. toe ioe pion, Of (be vegetable | decomposing vegetation; are some | WoT combed with a fine-tooth comb dipped in ‘acetic acid oF

or at most two treat-

   
  
  
   
 
  
  
 
  
 
 
   
     
     
 
 
 
   
     
    

oon-
cooking

Vancouver
Seskatoan

Perhaps tbe
in America at the present time is Colonel (Dr.)
Gorgas, the man whose energies succeeded In making the
other: words, approximately 60.000 | PREVENTION Panama Zone inMubitable by white people. Colonel Gorgas
asserts that two diseases carried by the mosquito—Malaria

and Yellow Fever—drove the white man from the easy liv-
Li ing tropics to the inclement north. His enterprise is allowing him'ta réturn
It has been shown that the pr tiere. He asserts further (for, like all public health men, hfs assertions are
lon of 5 per cent more ash In the marked by personal modesty) that the Panama Canal project was-made

were paid the highest
It sometimes fs;
ealth advancement

t is good for one’s health.
This column is out against ignorance of this character.

es this paper will read this
column. Especially is it desired that the children shall become interested
0 of the population who are most

| €8, more set In their ways, will not
faxing was practiced: Ih 1016 Ito 1% perhaps take all that is set down bere as gospel—although it' more nearly

approachies gospel than anything else found outside the Good Book—but

By the way, there i»
better, found Jn the Old Testament:

Unless the
t the room

but who con-

This is very often the reason of
the obscure origin of serious épidemics,

Investigators have found diphtheria
where oneetatood a target and ‘rifle throat and nose of from one to four per-cent. of healthy

Numerous
bacilli in the

ears old?

 
  

  
   
  
 
    

    
 

HERE are two great obstacles to preventive medicine whieh is the’
rea; medicine, and these are poverty and Ignorance. The greatest
cause of poverty—that is, real downright need—Iis afckmess.
Sickness causes at least one-third of the world's poverty. Several
otter things, including aleobol, account for the other two-thirds. ~

prepared with the usual care. It is | Money in the form of higher wages helps in a large measure to obviate

calculated that thers Is 5 per ceqt | Poverty and the sickness which oftentimes lies at fis door.

oO

         
  
   
 
    
  
     
 
    
 
    
 
 
 
 

     
     

  
    

    
  
   
   
 
       
  
 
      
        

   

  
 
   
    
  
   
   
     
    
    
   
    
    
      
    
   
 
  
    
    
    
 
 
   

  
    
    
    
  
   
   
    
         
        
   
  
   
    

  
    
  
   
   
    
   
   

   
   
  
 

> TUL wae Sea TE

(#2

 

  
