 
 
 
 
   

}
{
}
od
i
}
R
a

[n .

ne’
cnr
ore
sls!

har
da
Lor
Inet
Ize
rio
at
ne
ely
LOT
| th
Plea

d M

and
Det
f M

Mc
ny,
bu
und
Sn
wf
3. of
relly

:

8 b _ that a further order will be passed

   
    
 

    
  
   
 

t may be the result of cald fn
a or skin injury. Cold very
econ sels up infammation and
festering, and upless Zam-Buk is
pro. jtiy applied ‘blood-poinon way
follow. Sometimeca even amputation
proves necessary. Zam-Buk will
safeguard you age!nst such serious

ossibilitiee.
» Miss Bello Grant, of Brazil Lake,
NS. writes: “I burned my hand
badly and then accidently caught
cold in it. Tho pain I suffered was
terribie and the wound was badly
snflampd and festered. 1 tried dif-
ferent Xinds of salves, but nothing
brought relief. 1 was by this time
snffering so that 1 could not sleep
at nights, and ] farsa blood-

ning was sotting in,

Pam Buk was recommended to
me, and I commenced applying it.
Before fong I experienced the
greatest relief; it drew out all the
Inflammation, the paln was ended
and I could see the sore place was
gradually healing. Perseverance re-
sulted In a complete cure. Zsm-Buk
13 cortainly a wonderful balm and
should be in every home.”

Zam-Buk is also best for eczema
and afi ekin diseases, ringwerm,
running sores, ulcers, abscesses,
pimples, bolls, piles, cuts, ete. 50c,
box, 3 for $1.25. All dealers or
Zam-Ruk- Cp, Toronto, Send lc.
stamp for postage on free trist box.

lam-Buk

  
 
  

 

THE Echo
Published by "
THE ECHO PRINTING CO. Limited,
Amherstburg, Ont.

JOHN A. AULD, A. W. MARSH,
President.

 

FRIDAY, JANUARY 11th, 1918.

Counting of

 

the soldiers’ ballots
overseas and jn Canada will ‘start
within a few days, In order ‘to pre-
vent any popsible difficulties several
orders hava been passed by the Gov-
ernment. One order provides “where
there 1s” a- dispute as to whether a
wallet 13 spoiled or not ar 83 to haw
it Is to be counted, the final decision
in Canada lies with P. P. Foley, Clerk
6? the Crown in Chancary, and in Eng:
land, with Capt. Purney, Assistant
Clerk of the Crown In Cliancery. An
other order provides that ballots over
which there fs a dispute as to alloeca-
tion shall be forwarded to Canada
and Hf they are enough to affect any
riding will have to be settled later.
Cer

 

Hon. C. C. Ballantyne, Minister of
Maring, and Fisheries, made the jm»

portadt announcement Jast week that | HOGS MAY BE FED

the Government had decided to (nang.
urate a progressive shipbuiiding pro-
gramme. A decision has been reached
to utifize to fuff capacity all existing
shipyards in Canada in the _prouuc-
tlon at modern steel cargd”Steamara
of the most approved types for the use
of the Government and for registry ‘n
Canada.’ ” He also announcéd:that to
ovarcome the difficulty in ree:
securing sultabie steel plates gatla-
tons were under way with responsible
firms (or the establ
for rolling these plates and a
announcement Will be mage

       

  

  

  

    

 

nite

  
  
 

 

The Anterlcan bogder wis closed com-
pletely on Saturday to all “A” men of
ths first class under the Military. Ser
vice Act who have been refused exemp-
tion and until further orders are re-
colved, it will be fmpessible for an
eligible draftee to Sojourn in the Unit.
od States, whether hié has yet been
called out or not. Lieut-Col. R, H.
Greer, ehle! military representative,
announced the.order to thé press. Even
where exemption has been alloted to
an “A” man; he explained, permission
will not be grauted to leave the coun-
try unless the military representative
in the case states that ho does not in:
tend to appeal agalnst'the exemption.

 

 
 

 

That it ls absolutely necessary that
every community in “the Dominion
should do its utmost to economize in
the use of fuel, Is strongly cmphasized
in a circular issued by Fuel Controller
Magrath, to the various clubs Ia To-
Tonto. Although statistics “recently
issued by the Uaited Sta Fuel Con.
troller show that’ Canada's percentage
of receipts of coal.last year was much
larger then in former years and great-
or, to some extent, than that shipped
to many parts of the United States,
Fuel Controller. Mugrath makes
“spesfai pled for further retrenc
both In the use of con! for ir
use, aad uye in private homes,
curtailment of the utilization of gaso-
line for pleasure purposes,

There (s-fn process of being drafted
under the supervision of. the Depart.
ment «of Justice an opderin-connett
modifying that recently pussed on re-
commendation of the Finonee Minis:
ter restricting the floating of bonds
and sale of securities by Provinces,
municipalites or fndividucls. This or-
. der has been held to be unconstitu-
“tfonia by the Province of Quebee. To

the protest of that Province now has

been added a further protest from the
“Province of Saskatchewan, based on

faptian grounds to thoso token by the
neo of Quebec. It is now stated

 

  
   
 

 
 
 

 

 

   
    

 

      

 

exempting from the operation of the
first ofder cerlaln groups. It [s prob-
- adle tht the Provincial Governments
fill not be required to come to the
Finance Minister for approval of flo-
9 No official details of the new
dor dre, howevor, at present avaal)-
understood that the Ontario
; ot will ask for an extenajon

x hu Lig] Eagles »

the
general
e pren-

Sec.-Trens.

neat of mills fon a ration of ten parts of corn, four

.
shortly. Hankage. In t

: Zion,
Mr. and Mra,

at the

ter, M

 
   
 
  
  
 
   
  
  
    
   
   
  
   
  

 
  

 
   
   
  
   
   
   
 
 
 
    
      
  
    
  
 
  
   
   
  
  
   
    
     
   
   
  
   

them.~—Miss Mabel Abbott
Christmas at the Lome of
sister, Mrs, Lumsden, of the 8rd con-

of 8. 8. No. 18 went off very quletly,

anothe rterm.
the most serious problem, but the
sclical board have been able to get
plenty ot wood so fer, but, oh my, t"e
price! $4 per cord for 18-inch wood.

———

NO GAIN WILL COME
IN HOLDING POTATOES
FOR HIGHER PRICES

 

Food Ccntrofier Says Prices Must Not
Go eByand Present Level.

 

Higher prices for potatoes than
now prevailing will not be permitted,
The Food Controller Is sending a let-
ter to this effect to all wholesale hand-
lers of potatoes, stating that any at-
tempt to secure higher prices will be
dealt with promptly. If retail dealers
shouldrattempt to charge an unreason-
able profit on potatoes, the Food Con-
troller Is prepared to. fix the margin
of ‘profit and If necessary to fix max-
imum prices, In a statement {sued
Friday night Mr. Hanna sald:

“A recent survey of the situation
by this office indicates”that there fs
still a large supply of potatoes in the
hands of the growers and dealers suf-
ficient to meet a continuous and heavy
demand until the 1918 crop will bo
available. ~All handlers of potatoes
should understand the situation clear
ly and realize that a special effort to
keep the public plentifully supplied
at reasonable prices i8 necessary in
order that no part of the large crop
of the last season be wasted.

“In order to prevent possibile loss
later in the season the Winter move.
ment of potatoes must be stimulated
by every possible means. Potatoes are
the only food- of which Canada has a
Jurge surplus not in great demand for

egport. No effort should be spared,
therefore, in using all the potatoes
that can be aecten.”

 

— ~~

LONGER WITH PROFIT.

 

 

That pigs on a n which approx.
imately supplies thelr needs can pro-
fitably be carried to a heavier weight
tian that at which many hogs are
marketed {8 shown by two expertirents
recently completed at the Ohio Ex-
periment Station to determine the

 

ti to Jeffect of age on the raie and economy

of gains:
in the first test

Shortly after weaning time

25 pigs were placed

=2rts of middlings, and one part of
fell a yation
of corn and tanknge was fed. Be-
ginning with the ratlon of elght parts
parts of corn and one of tankage the
proportion” of corn«was jncreased one-
fourth part weekly for the” first .24
weeks and remained constant there-
after. The plan followed In the second

test seemed more efficient, :

  
  

 

   

Daniel Welsh and son
«| Chester, of Windsor, spent New Year's
e of Lewis Geauyrean—Mr,
and Mra. Stafford Hart spent Christ
mus at the home of the former's ais-
ts. J. R. Balkwill, of this ‘plate.
—Mrs. George Buchanan and family
spent New Year's at tie home of her
sister, Mrs. Russell, of Windasor.—Mr.
and Mrs. Wm. Abbbtt and son have re-
turned from an extended trip in the
eastern counties.—Miss Eva Willan,
of Wheatley, spent the week-end at
the home of George Higgins. —Misa
Ethel Hedges, of Detroit, has returned
from spending Christmas at the iome
ot her parents, Mr. and Mrs. H. L.
Hedges, of this place.—Mrs. Cave, of
Loamington, spent New Year's at the
home of Mr. and Mrs, Alex. Smith —
A number of young people are enjoy~
ing ‘the cold weather by shating on
Cedar Creek.—Harold Elliott, teacher
of §. S. No. 18, spent iis holidays
at his home in Kingsville.~~Miss Flos-
ale Stead, of Windsar, spent the week
end at her home here.—The introduc.
tion of the now Methodist hynm' books
was discussed at Zlon church on Sun.
day last and it was decided to adopt
spent

her

cesslon.—The annual school meeting

John Hicks was re-clected trustee for
The fuel sitoation js

   
 

WHEA’ LJ LR)

—

   

cessfully quelificd for
Model School at Clinton,

 
   
   

Tuesday
ary of the wedding of Lr, end Mrs.

ters gathered at their home and gave
of an oyster dinner. Among those
present from a distance was their

‘Ayimer. A most enjoyable time wus
spént by all presen’. Mr. Loop, who
1s Jn his 76th year, has been in poor
health for some time, but {5 now some-
what better, and the presence of his
family on this occasion did much to
cheer him and his wife.

The semi-annual installation of of-
ficers of Wheatley Rebekah Lodge was
held on Tuesday avening, D.D.G.M,
Mra. B. A, Lounsbury officiating: The
Impressive ceremony was officlently
performed by the D.D.G.M. and stafy,
wito were highly complimented on the
excellent manner in which each per
formed thelr respective dutles. After
installation, lunch was scrved in the
lodge room. ' The following officers
were installed for the ensuing term:
J.P.G,, Miss Ada Metcalfe; N.G., Miss
Verna Heatherington; V.G., Mrs. Al-
meade Metcalfe; RS, Mrs. Maud Gil-
lan; F.S., Mrs. Maud Lounsbury;
Tress. Mrs. Nettle Mecsender;. W.,
L. B. Malott; Con., Miss Edith Hyatt;
Chap, Miss Eliza Dent; R.S.N:G., Mrs.
Nora Crowther;” L.S.N.G,, Mrs. Eliza
Hyatt; R.S.V.G., Mrs. D. H: Rogers;
L.8.V.G., Mts. O. Ragers; LG., Mrs..O.
A. Bickfordj® 0.G., T. B. Metcalfe,

LEAMINGTON.

     
   
   
  
   
  

   
 
 
   
  
   
    
   
      
    
 
    
      
    

 

Wm. Moore has sold his house and
lot on Orange street to. Ernest Quick,
the price recefved being $1,600.

Before Christmas the Rock City. To-
bacco Co. paid out here the large sum
of §194.000 for tobacco and up to the
present the sum runs over $250,000.
The payment of this large sum within
the time mentioned {8 unprecedented,
and fs “due largely to, the high price
tobacco is now commanding.

Mrs. Roy Hose wags taken to Hotel
len, Windsor, inyThursday last, suf-
fering from an attack of typhoid
fever. While crossing to the maln-
land from Pelee Island after the
freeze-up about three weeks ago, the
party with whom she came over
broke through the jce and she got
wet, resulting in a cold “which was
followed by an attack of typhoid
fever.

Several farms have changed hands
in Mersea township within the past
few weeks. J, S. Wilkinson, son of
J. J. Wilkiaeon, §th concession, has
purchased Ray Wipers 50-aerdé farm
in the 41h- concession. Mr. Wiper
then purchased Scott White's 75 acres
on, the 6th concessfon, and Mr. White
in turn” has purchased the 10 atres
owned by the late Daniel Wilkinson,
opposite Sol. Wilkinson's, Just north
of the town,

the meeting of the Masonic Lodge
on Thursday evening of last week the
following officers were elested for the
ensuing year: LP.M., Gowan Malott:
WMA. C, Stewart; S.W., D. W. An-
derson; JAV., H. F. Mcintyre; Chap.,
Wd. T. Bristow; Treas, B, W. Cox;
Sac, L. J. Wright; Tyler, Peter Wil
kinson; Auditors, G. A. Cempbell and
R. E. Smith. The reniining officers
will be appointed on the night of in-
stallation which wil) take” place on
Friday evening, January 11th. Rl.
Wor. Bro. J. W. Baird,” D.D.G.M., of
Erie District No. 1, Kinzsville, will |

  

the Inatalling officer,

rrr

 

TOWN OF ESSEX.

——

Mrs. C.F. Noylor returned on Sun-
day from spending six weeks
relatives on California and Texas,
Mrs." D. J. Whitney and dayghter, of
Dauphin, Man., visited the past week
at Joel AVhitney’s, and with other rel
atives and friends in tho district.

Miss M

wits

 

Miss Marion ¥, Cosworth has ke]

a limited ‘thira®
claos teachor's certificsen from the

Wo under-

stand that Miss €04isworth has taken
a school near Foresh, 1aisbton county.

was thi fiftieth annivers-

B. F. Loop, of Hilvvan, und in honor
of the otcasion thelr sang gaa daugh-

them a pleasant surprise in the rurm

granddaughter, Miss Marvel Brown, of

BE
aé Wyman has been ongaged |'W

Treasurer J. Th
taxes, which gu
Tiss Helen
a serious peg Op
at Hotel Dieu,’
the homo af her Hath

Si wlio 3
oF

  
   

   
   
  
 
 
   
    
    
   
  

 
 
 

 

been. removed to
ir, Wd. Wile,
171 Bruce avemne, witgro: elie Js con-

     

  
 
  
 
 
   
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
   
    
   

 
  
 
  
  
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  

   

valescing. \ : ! " &
Fire caused by a defective chimney ©)
domiiged the reatdence ‘of! James: @il- |: "hi
lett, 87 LilHan. street, Windsor, Thufs- "
day afternoon to the extent of $50. | - \ 4 ; : Pi
The house 57 owned by. Patrojman {- 38 ik . : 2 f
Willis Brompton, of the Windsor po- ; 5 ” Re
lice department. i - 5 Al
Minua a leg, which was aniputated 51
as a rosult of ‘u.wound sustained at Oi
Viny Ridge, Privaté ;Percy Lemmon, .
of Windsor, arrived home Thprsday. A
oBfore enlisting in the One. Hundred

  

and Eighty-sixth’ Battalion ha served

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
  
  
 
  
   
    

In the Windsor home guard. -

   
   
   
   
   
   
  

bullding at 4 Goyeau street, Windsor
At 430 o'clock Sunday morning, S, S
Smith, dealer {n leather

   
   

nating furniture, éstimate their loss at
1,200, Rd a 4 iy
Convicted of fotying “a $10 cheque;

Charles Ellls, 30 years old, was re-
leased on suspended sentence in the
police court Thursday after Magistrate
sentenced him to two

Leggatt had
Years” {mprosinment {fn Kingston Pen-
itentlary. He was ordered deported to
the United States. Elle ls addicted to
narcotics. He had served a thirty-day
term in Sandwich go) for vagrancy.

Robert Courtney, 67 years old, care-
taker of the Collegiate Institute build-
ing on .Goyeau street, « died at his
home, 228 Windsor avenue, Sunday.
He had lived in Windsor 30 years and
was known to thousands who had tak-
en the Collegiate course. > Besides go
Widow, he Is survived by one son, BE.
N, Courtney, Walkerville, and two
daughters, Mrs. Ed. Lossing and Mrs,
L. Wilkie, Services were held Tues.
day afternoon under auspices of the
Sons of ‘England with interment at
Windsor Grove cemetery. >

Danfel Hand, H. C. McVean, Samuel
Hammond, Robert Scoft, Charles Backs
orson’ and Danfel Cranin, all returned
Canadian soldiers, have, boen appoint-
ed to. the Canadian customs staff at
Windsor. Tite new officers will ha sta-
tioned at the rafiwny depots to check
cars ‘and see that the seals are intact.
Several other trengh veterans are tak-
Ing the civic service examination with
a view to securing rovernment. posi-
tions, among them being Lieutenant
Ollie Maisonville, who. enlisted as pn
private,

ee Ca

PELEE ISLAND.

It is learned with much regret, the
serious condition of Thomas J. Hen-
derson and also of Peter Groat, at the
time of writing. It is hoped to be able
to report favorably on thelr condition
next week, r

We record with sorrow the death of
Mrs. Wallage MéCormick, one of the
hest respected of our citizens, after a
long and t(ryfng fifness. Mrs. McCors
mick passed to her rest on December
8th: She leaves behind her, besides
her husband, a family of six, all com.
paratively young ¢hillyén. The sym-
pathy of this community is extended
to Mr. McCormick and family: and

 

jother relatives, in thelr vary fad be-

reavement. Mrs, McCormick was for-
merly « Miss Carnegic. She fs sur
vived by a sorrowing husband, sev-
oral children and the tollow #fu-
ters and brothers:—=Mrs. Robt, Nagel-
¢isen, ‘Mrs, Thomas Henderson, Mrs. |
Maurice McCormick, Mrs. John Lid-
WilES Miss Nellle, all of Pelee; John |
Carnegie, of Kshgsvile, and Richard
Carnogle, of Sandusky, to all of whom
deep sympathy 15 extended.

The” Christmas’ entertainment fn

connection with the Mathadist church

was held in the town Mall an Monday
evening, December 24th), and wis a
fuccess. In “every ‘way There
a varied program. consistinz of

 

Fire of undetermined origin did
$3,000 damage 1o'43e, two-storey brick

goods and
specialties, who occupied the lower
floor, places Tis Ides at $1,000, while
Baum & Brody, Who use uper floors for

2h
|
|

county Tyrone, Ireland, her maiden

 

| 2

    
  
 
 
  
 

      
   
 

Get Behind the Wheel | |

of a Ford and Drive

RY it just once! Ask your friend to let you “pilot 4 his ear GF an

open stretch. You'll like it, and willibe surprised how easily the )

Ford i$ handled and driven. !

; fark 1 car. theres 3 8
If you have never felt the thrill of driving your own car, erefs sone,

thing good in store for you, It is vast'y different from just riding—being ;

a passenger. And especially so if you drive a Ford.

 

ey

  
  

sandz atthe
Young boys, girls, women and even grand fathers—thousands of ther

 

   

y ~ ao
are driving Ford cars and enjoying it. A Ford stops and starts in Tn
with exceptional ease and &:poothness, while on country roads and S
its strength and power show to advantage. !
Buy a Ford and yeu vil) want to be behind “the wheel” co I
or ky
Coupe. - = 87% re
Sedan = = $97
Sr 4 : Runahout, » = “$475

THE UNIVERSAL CAR
F. O. B. FORD, ONT.

KEMP FURNITURE CO., Dealers, Amherstburg
| 7.H BRANTON, Deuter, Harrow.

Touring = « $495

 

 

 

 

ahd Mrs. Thomas Wright, of

 

 

 

ni and Miss Rite

 

  

 
   
   
    
    
   
   
        
     
     
     
      

 

Oxley, KINGSVILLE. In le.wwere appointed

 

have ‘been spending a few days with visitors 1p the Sanitarium for this
thefr daughter, Mrs. Leroy Allen, of Alis¢ Dora Cooper left last week for|month, The meeting closed. in the

this place~—Mr. and’ Mrs. John Free
man, of Detroit, spent over Sunday at
Oriando Wigle's.~Migs Lillie Coghill,
of this place, spent the week ond at
John Coghlll's, Kingsyille.~Migs Irene
Holmes, of Klondyke, spentess’ fow
days with her friend, Miss Elva
Moare, of this place. —Stanley Wright
and. Ezra Fox Lave purchased Ford
touribg cars.

Toronto to begin a business course in jusual way.
ane of the colleges of that city. 1

Del Quick, who has been as Hesper, FORMER ATHLETES NOW M. P.'S.
Montana, since September last with a
view to improving. his health, was
home here for Christmas and New
Years's, returned to Montana.

er «pe

 

 

Some former great athictes are ir
cluded in those elected o Parllamen
recently, says the Toronto Star.
Year's night, where he, will‘likely res | The dist includes WI F, Nickle, K.Ca
maid fdr sonié time longer. of Kingston, once prominent a& a la-
Samuel Francis, who has been as-}crosse player and” later as a member
sisting In Plckard’s drugistore during {of the O." H. A. executive. E.-W.
the hollday senso, Jeft for his home In | Nesbitt, of Woodstock, was one of
Brantford, where he will spend a few | the carlicst presedints of the C. I.
days before going to Toronto to com-|W= C. Kenn i 2 electe
plete hils.colirsé at Ontario College of [for Nortl ed lar the To-
Pharmacy. At the Junlor examination |ronto Rowin and was one of
he stood aecond fn a class numbering {the earliest esidents of the C. L. A.
seventy-five, teking highest marks fn and the original Tecumseh lacrosse
many subjects, team, of ‘Toronto. J. By Tudhops,

Hogs are now belag shipped” from | VBo Will represent’ East Simcoe, fs 2.
here in large numbers daity, Fagmers ac TOSE0 man and a curler. A migh
have such & quantify of soit corn hey | HCF085e player was, Sir Sam, Huphes

  

       

GUSFIELD NORTH.

Mrs. Henry Speechley, who suffered
a stroke of paralysis © week ago last
Thursday, passed ‘away at her home
at North Ridge on Friday last, in her
69th year. Deceaged was ~ born ip

 

 

  
  
  
  
   
  
   

 

   

       
  

  

  

  

name being leabella Wolfe. She came
with frér parents to Canada when a
year ohh the family locating nedr
Cayuga, and moving from +there fin

  

 

 

 

 

  
   

 

  

  

 

 

  

  

 

  
   

 

  
   

    

  
   

 

 

 
      

   
  

             

 

 

From birth 6 100 pounds tie pigs | 5 principal of the Continuation school | 0088, veeiatfons, etc. but the chief ysps i Mafdstone township, where { were compeled to fea it as fast as-it|20% Nis succsssor in the Militia! Des
ate 318% pounds of feed for 100]at Wroxeter, and nesuraed her duties umber Wasa Christmas ‘Play €0° her parents died. She, was twee mar-) could be husked to prevent it spelling; {PArtNent. Gen.  Mewburn, wes a
pounds of gain In live weight; from fon Monday, Migs Addie Sheploy lo us- { titled “How Christinag Came to Nino.’ ried, her first husband being, William | consequently. there wid Le vory lita | M0instay of the Leander Rowing Club
100, to 200 pounds they sie 4615.6; | sistant at that schoo). Great credit fs due those responsible Jones, by whom she had ning children, hard. or “solind corn ior sule yp (hs| VIER TOWNE sapromncy of Canada
from 200 to 300 pounds they ate 4343; | Mrs. M. H. Hall, \ihauhins been a for thesentire performance. The hall erg & F Francis, of Windyor; Mrs. |locallty.. Scarcely & busliel of corn.gan | ¥38 coritred in Hamilton, not in’ To-
from "300 to 400 pounds they - ate [falthfdl, menber of the local Women's | Was filed to overflowing with a good ronto. Archie McColg, of Kent, play- 4
4502-7; and from 400 td 500: pounds [Patriotic Leaguerhas just completed | natured. and highly. pleased. audience, at Gosnéld- North; Wm: M., of Red |many hive.had to buy corn tc fipigh | ©4 third base on the Chatham team \
they ate $9774 pounds for 100 pounds | knitting her 100th pair of socks for | It {a,understood that the proceeds for Deer, Alta; Mary Jane, Ellen Ann, re- (out their hogs (or shining Now ne | 1100 included “Rube Waddell and Sam
gain. the bays at the front, Mys. Hall is in | the"ovening amouuted to $75.50, Which | decensed, and two. others who dled in | hogs must £0 ta tuarket us no more | CrRWIOR, later two of the best knowp,e
With one cxeeption the feed “ve is 70k your, and geldont misses onedi8 a very mh shoving. infancy. A brother, Samuel Wolfe, of {orn for feed can be boupht, Ang, hagelall story of Americe”
quired per unit of gain increase as}of the weekly nreotings. y TTT ave Cottam, and three sistérs, Mrs, E. y oN 5} fredPardee, of West Lambton, ghone
the es Increased In weight. Thisels Rev,” Qlifton, Gifford, B. A., of Pt. , GOSFIEL SOUTH. Cowan and Mrs. M. Shilson, of, Essex, Loomer cai Lats, a in cllcket, and his game Was. good ¥
to ba expected when the character of | Stanley, son of Rev. G. A. Gifford, for- ~ A nal

increase of live welght-Is wiken into
account.
18 now high in value
paratively High feed requirement for
gains produced by the pigs between

   
    
      
    

   

   
   
      
    
     
     
       
  
      
     

    

Wm. ‘Stickwaod, Charles and John I.,|Bé bought from rny fernier now, and

 

       
           
   

    

     

     

 

      
      
       
 
 

and Mrs, B. McKenzie, of Port Stan-
ley, also survive, whtle wo brothers
and a sister are deceased, Robert and
Willlam, Wolfe, of Esgex, and Mrs,
Isaac Hicks, of Gosfield North. She

Enough 10 chose Mm 10 be Inelngded - © !
fp the Canadion team that went to
Philadelphia when this was tile high
mark* of recognition, :

      
  

Jason D. Malott and his staff of Beav-
or Lodge, Ruthwen, at their regular
meeting as follows: N.G, MM. Scratch
N.G., A. 'T. Green; Cha
R. Sec. U. Fox; Per.

mer pastor of tile Essex ; Methodist
church, was married on December
26th to Miss Edna Jape Ziegler, of
Kitchener, Ont. Mr. Gilford {8 pastor
of the Methodist church at Port Stan-

 

      
 
   

Townsend; of Clevkland, Q., was held
at the family residence of her daugh-
ter, Mrs. Oliver Braner, on Wednesday
afternoon. Interment took place in’

Fat {8 costly to produce and
Even the com-

  

The funeral of bi Inte Mrs. Anna

 

  

LE wd water
» W. Scratehs
See, G. Fox:

             

 

     
     
      

      
     
      
     

 

oe

         

 

 

    
   
  

    
      

 

! \
: the ; was married to Mr.'Speechley 31 years | Treas,, Elif Scratch; Conductor, I
400 and G00. paunds woul in many (ley. fog Ba iary The deceased ago. The funerzl was held on Mon-!mer Butler; Warden, Ed. Molar: R ay Viste Puts Out Fire, =
localities permit &'falr profit. Far} At the recentspoultry show in De- | Vas Mrs, Alfred Fox, of this place | dy afternoon from the family resi. SNG, E. Oxley; gL.SNG, J. O.|sons. pio out fre for 15) good rea-
more hogs should be carried to at Hol, Tease Middleton Rol Rigs ls The sceond Fo pte no dence at North Rfdge to Trinity | Brown: R.S.V.G., John Seratoh; LS water Mig thr a with
least = 300 pounds before marketing, Pret hen, first youngipen, fourth pullet A ps church, at Cottam, where services |v.q. Ww ) ard, Robert lat It ts beer sen of tite aff cannot: ger
these animal husbandmen advise. and seventh ¢ockerel in the Black Or- | LIMost proved fatal has happened the Ni. Wm. Fox; Inside Guard, Robert

the higher value oftheir carcnsa justi-
fies, they gan profitably be carried to

LS

BYOEATS
ticularly is this true when the feed
supply is above normal and the num-

  
   
  
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
   
   
   

   
   
 
   
    
   
    
   
  
     
    
   

     
    

  
   

at it to burn fr.

were conducted by Rev. H. Millar and the most §

interment in Cottam cemetery. The
pallbearers were John S. Bllilng, Geo,
Billing, D. Rawiins, H. Gilhoe,” W, J.
Ash and A, G. Bedella,
. Cottam. . .
Migs Annfe.Myles has been engaged
by the trustees of. S; S, No. 12 as

 

But that is not nearly .
portant: reason way water

buls out tire) It {s that water has a
Ereatiecapacity for heat, and cin holil a

Rrext deal of dt. It takes,<o much feat. ™
Into itself, and go quickly, that it low-

ra the ne
jora the lemperature of the harning
y | thing so that it cz i

Ehillips. boys witiyn a week. Clark
wis almost killed by a flying board
on Monday and on Saturday, at the
farm of R. McCormick, of Albuni,
while Guy was using a gasoline torcif
to thaw out the water pipe fn the en.
gine the gmsoline exploded and the
flames: burst in his face, his clothing

   

pington class, whole W, A, Clark won
four firsts and two seconds on Black
tose Comb Bantams .
The Essex band members met on
Wednesday evening and arganlzed for
the with WW. A. Clark, as presi
dent; Frank Bedelle, secretary, and

   

 

: Bloom; “ Outisde Guard, K. Brown;
ML Scene Supt, Ed. Steed. After instal.
Intion, degree work was conferred and
at the close lunch was served in the

banquet rooms,

Sunday moruing of last week, Woy
Wride'gat up at 7 o'clock, and short

    
   
      

   
  
     

    

 

heavier. weight than that af

hog “marketed to-day.

the
Par-

 

 
 
   

    
      
     
    

     
   
   
     
     

       

      

   

     
   
  

     

     

   
   
   

    

    
    
  
  
    

    
 

  
  
   
  
  
     
   
    
    
     
  
 
 
    
      
    
   

        
   

 

      
     
   
  
   
   
     

    
   
     
     
     
   
    
   
   
    
 

    
    

       

   
   
   
   
    
      

     
     
   
    

            

    
   
  
      
   

   

     
       

 
     

     
    

     

 

 

| 10 longer burn,
or ofl elow A. E. MacDougall, treasurer, and ‘W. ta | jis after Mra. Wride arose, and sqon fll | re ; : th
ber of hogs below normal. o Ae Ea Nacl Sua bau Sa We at.once catching fire. Had It not heen Ychen Jor pe coming term, —Mrs. A. | guar unconscious, Mr. Wride, called | “pg ¥ The # per Thing, : ag
Justice” Riddell Th Toronto granted committee, - The band now has 24 | {OF men standing near who at once ex- { j, “&0 Hs. boen @ngaged to teach |): Anughter to hls assistance and [1 ugnars Sle wilspored mpulsive- of © 18
an applicant exemption from military Srombars: sine AriaiBors being re-| {NEuished the blaze the unlucky man South,’ —h [2choel, Con. 3,7 Gosfield while" trying to restore Mrs, ride a at would you dp jr 3 should 8p
service foro year uider domditions, | “CC Airs S18 Row ne evening. Thee {Would hava burned ta death. As it Thomas has sold Bis Tiare 33950 she too: tell ‘over unconsclous.. Mr. | marked the oo Undertaker, angel” wo. Cx
The man owns. ten acres of [ind and purpase ‘purchasfig’ some she a was hls face and hands were burned | yo 7eh concession to Win, Al 80 0 vga then called Ils Other diniEliter,| meen U1 Sembicartless (hing, “fo
glulmed exemption - as a” pig rafser, joo FES Ei oa crisp and he 4s; still under the fo $57. par nore possession to onder, Who in ‘turn alio=collapsed. . On call | oo mm m
Judge Riddell sentahim lome and. told {7 school tenchiers who has sbeen | UOCHFS care and in'n very precarofus | on shortly.—Guy Phillips, son of Wi Hog his son. lie found lie was tao If} ene ' . th
Dim iy mus) produce. 200 hacen hogs [ion 1% ENO teachers returned to fSoNdition, but was able to be moved philips, of Olinda, ‘was severely {3 (to get up. Mrs. Wrile began (0 rally or Bili 3
in 1918 or go to war. It {8 a ply thik thelr schools, Mis Viva Hicks ae Fu to his home on Tuesday. The other Jured: ut * the fice” and “hands oF | bY this time, and 101d hor hasiPand shu ; ous in
wis not thought of two months rgo, gal; Miss Meryl Hicks to Teorwater- | DFOther. 18 recovering as well.as can Saturday by the explosion of a a believed 1 wea coal“ gns (fat was 'R
and all tribunals ordered to be guided | £25 ‘Evelyn Hicks. to Dresdens. Mis | D€ expected but is not able to be mov: line engine Which he was warming up fauslng. the trouble and they ooM Had Troubl Yi Si
by x hy A exgiipetan M. Hannan to Parry SSoundy Mis ed 10 his house as'yet. | Heo was’ very badly ‘borned- amd” has (hes doors open for the gay to!" eacape, k es. :
4 4 es IE ih re Floysle Adams ta Arthur; Miss Edith Mr. and Ne vt Da for: J oanfined, 10/bed. A. yery Baal ten iy fount that a That heavy headache 3
mense benefit to the cause of increased | A94M8. 0 Bath; Miss Jean Auld to , Bh lo Hive was spent at the toma | \ gee pear Te te

production. a3 J

Six soldiers are known to be dead
and a seventh js missing and believed
to have been killed as on result of a
local train on the Canadian Pacific
Raflway from Montreal to Point For-
tune, running into the rear of a C.P.
R. train bound for Vancouver, with a
large number of woldfers aboard, Fri-

      
   
   
  
    
     
        
    
 
   
    
 

   
   
  
    
     
        
  
     
     
  

 

    
        
   
      
     

Brantford; Miss Lofs Russell to Scot-
land, and Miss O. Tully to Calro.

Ed Taylor, who fins given. up his po-
citlon as engineer of the waterworks,
and Is naw employed at brakeman on
the M.C.R., moved on Monday to his
own house on Alice sireet, - John Hug-

gard, the new cnglncor, entered on. his
duties on Tuesaday,

         
 

Di

 

 

merly residenss here, have returned
after an absence of 24 years In the
Northwest,
sey, Sask. Mrs, Dorsott was a daugh-
ter of the late Thomas Thorpe, of this

     
    
    
    

guests of Mra. Dorsett’s brother, Jans.
Thorpe, at the present time,
sett {8 a school teacher, tay)

They now live in Gérn-

    

face. ' Mr, and Mrs: Dorsett are the

Mr. Dor
ing taught

  
       
      
     
      

of Mriand Mra. C. H. Pane dn Frida
evening, when a number of the: young
peapie ga

         
         
   
   
      
    

¢ ; The month) WW f , allcome
spont | ‘In games and mi NEY, meeting of the W.CT.| from : s
an wan ag In games and mic 1: va vers Friday at the ome of| These urea PPL. Of bile:
serveq. f rth, New: : Mra, Howard Scrutel). © Tha gittendands Tom ealthy conditions are.
many. beaulltr: felections: of" mug, | NA# BOC lafke but inte-cyiing. Miss| PTOMPUY corrected by pe
Att the Inter) on AL past. thr | | jtchle presided ond fn thi® absence Teak
r a -

tiey all went

     
     
      
        

    
       
        
     
      
          

 

 

   

liver, sick stomach, bitter ha 4
mn mouth, furred tongue, dull
eves and muddy skin

kas neater had dropped off, thu stop.
ed ping the drought and allowing tiie. gas
to escape in the fiouse.

        

   

gathered at thelr home and

   

     
   
     
   
   
   

 

      
    
     
     
   

itstic © Superjiitendent

  
  
  
   
 
    
 
  
  
 
  
   
 

h

4

Pte. Victor Churth, son of M ! . Visit fafr “and Ars. Paine for the e : lie devollonal g:xercisns,
doy evening, near Dorval station. ri. W. J. Ctrcy, pi ao EE tnd (here since he moved to the Northwest, ‘evening they hud spent—A q ag M th cltapter. Whersin
been fn training at Toronto, was am. | Tne Dorsetts have three daughters, ‘ding was pire nt the AM tf hous gives commandmeny

medicine a mother needs for her lit)
, oy laxative: which ins

A axative which Instantly
Faiieve all stomach and bows) disor-
ders thus banishing all the
0

Nira

{

nk Vatike
nearly 25 yoars, This is his first visit oy Tk {conducted ¢

 

   
  
   

     
 
    
   
 

 

    
    
   
  
   
  
  
 
  
 
  
 

CONEar.
tabernncile. Thy
nection with the

and. all of them aro prosperous in the
west.—Burwell Malott’s sons, Joseph
and Howard Maiott, flavessone to Lon-
"don to report for duty oy
Seem to go choerty),
(for Wels coubtry.

Padi j

ng the gifts of 1)
patriotic w :
freo d

ang the party of soldiers sont from
Taranta to assist ‘the Mallfax sulfer-
ers He Ha Sui nt Halifax.

James A, Smyth, of Windsor, hog aes
coptod nu position as adsistant pring

pak onto P01 In the: Victoria aehadl at-Kitchon,
Baby's Own Tablets is the” oniyer ana win ro-enter the Ati 2

fossion.

| parsonage, London street, Windsaoy
New Year's afternoon, when Rey ®
Hicks united In

 

    
    

  

  

 

 

 

   
    
 

0 town (for the gj}.
d trinkets, Which wij
@ money {roi fame to

y

  
  
    

They are a gentle _but

fans Miscaileg, wi a!

} . ¥ complaints, co) ad

: aor is | the - colonel, mt ay azked

(te ones. Concerning, thom personal inspection. \ >
dog. Levesque, st. 8, hv, Que, | ~ Taste that, sin" zald the |

vellous medic "for Mitts « el said, “(i

 
 
  
 

  

wel
