a a

   
    

 
 

 
  

 

  
 
 
 
       
   
 
    
  

 

To. the Wardoq an? Council of the County of Essex. in Conmcil assembled:

"ESSEX COUNTY COUNCIL | Report of the Finance Committee.

     
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
 
 
 

 
   
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
   
   
    
 
       
  
  

  
 
  
  

     
  
    
 

   
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
 

  
  

    
   
    
  
      
       
   
        

  
   
   
   

    
 
 
 
    
 
   
     
  
 
  
 
   
  
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
   
 
  
  

   
    
     
      
   
    
    

     

   
    
     
     
    

           

    
   
    
   
    
   
   
 
  
     
  

   

  
 

    
   
  
 
  
  
  
 
       
      
    
 
  
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
   
 
 

 

     
     
   
   
     
        
   
        
   
   
   
   
       
        
        
     
 
      
     

  
 

 
    

  
  
 
  
 
   
     
   
   
  

 

 

 

   
 
 

 
 

 

  
 
 

 

 

 

 
  
  
   
  
 
  
  
 
   
 
  
   
 
 
  
 
 
 
  
  
    
   
  
   
    
 
   

 

 

  
   
   
  
   
  
    

     

FOURTH DAY. Gentlemen, — Ycur Finance Committes beg leave to report as (wllowa:
ak : : : “We rechmyend ihat the communication from ;'ie Hetroughs Co. be r= xh
Sandwich, January 25th. 1918. ferred to the Gaol Committee for consideration. : =
Council met at-10 am. In the absence of the Warden, Mr. Plant was . That the communication from Miss Lyons, re increass of salary be 1s! :
appointed chairman: ~ entertained. ¥ . ; ;
Roll called. Al members present but Warden McKee. That the request for a grant to the Windsor, Walkervitte ard Sandwidt] 2 © © T5550 0 L000 0000400000009
Minutes of Thursday were read. ! Poultry and Pet Stock Association be 1aid over tll the June seision. | & 00 ssod00ddd0000we™™
Moved by Mr. Waldron, seconded by Mr. Clark, that thé minutes be That this council continue the grant of $6,000.00 per month for the Pe aa ;
adopted.—Carried. riotic Fund for 1918, if the war lasts during the year. )
The Printing Committee presented their report. 4 We as that the “Victoria Mdustrial Schodl be pafd $27.60. for D UPON as a trivial complaint. A Beglecteq
Moved by Mr. Renaud, seconded by Mr. Ducharme, that the Printing | keep of Harry Coulson. coLD 1S LOOKE 4 4s a forerunner of consumption, but it
Committee's report be adopted. —Carried. g . That St. Mary's Industrial School be paid $27.60 for the keep of Florgnce old used to be resarde 's but an Incident In 8 Qlsease |
Moved by Richard McKee, seconded by Mr. Tellior, that Messrs. Renaud, | Alfred. ; v c oll known that a cold is Tr iu. “ot taben
Woollatt, Keck, Plant and the Wafden be appointed members of the High- That the report of the Comher Agricultural Society be printed. is now W to a specific cause, namely bi VES be Cr 3
weys Committee.—Carried. The Town of Leamington be paid $40.40, for expenses in connection with which is due wg cold in the head,” I8
On motion, council adjourned to allow committees to meet and reassemble | conveying Harry Coulson to Mimico. culosls. - But a cold, especially syance it causes one but for the dangerous
. : o Pater rd, © the ann a
wkd AFTERNOON SESSION. an — iyiid 2 Maldsiove be pai $45.80, for expenses re Peter Girard} pp, not #0 WUC ently result Tro ay start an earache Ih a chia.
: We recommend that the communication from A. Werner, re Comunity conditions mple, a “cold in the nes {s—may result in .mastaid. B;
Council reassembled at 1.30 p.m. School, be referred For eXa jected—as it often ture of bone K d
Roll called. All members present. : co bo. Telany to the Education Committee. dren at To-| The earache. IF mel the honeycomb struc a: Mc
Whatever else you do, keep your A delegation consisting of His Honour x 0. Dromgoie; Senior County ont © usual grant of $25 be made to the Hospital for Sick Children at that is, a sllection cared only by. a severe BRE the the]
Kido and active. Their e; G. W. Coatsworth, Clerk ‘reasurer of el wnship; the cay, W f the n 2 $
RN vast im| “Ao i hg iy County Engineer, and John: F." Millen, ‘County Treasurer, ad- We recommend. that the communication from A. E. Doherty, re chile =o" ise an inflammation of 3 rst
cal fe the Ci to initiate County | machine, be referred to the Gaol Committee. rouble in another.
your health and at the first ev dressed the County Council advocating the County n a That the tf t for tained patient. d earache may cause t be force of the pus behind it
dence of trouble. otent aceurring Municipal Association. . The Township of Gosteid S Se eu The neglected CATT I% 1 ear drum from the FOTEC Tr fness which if
from the thirtieth to the: forticth Moved by Mr. Woollatt, seconded by Mr, Ducharme, that a grant of ° p of Gosfield South be paid $5.00, half cost of burying a common occurrence course of discharging ear edd Whish if
. with hing of a Municl, Asso- | imown drowned person; also $41.08, expenses, care and conveying George nd there is a 100g he can be readily relieved an
i a tresiment $100.00 be given as a grant to ald in the establishing unicipal breaks a lite. The earac f th
| : fation for the County,—Carried and Charles Patterson to London Asylum; $30.00 for care and attendance 10} ooo oq may persist for life. oF 5 prevented by a timely opening of the
3 ciation h : George and Charles Patterson, insane; $40.81 cttending and conveying George 4 after sequelae referres ot oll,” etc., are of no valuo in
The Education Committee presented. their Report. danger sn drops warm Swe d eff
i Moved by Mr. Clark, seconded by Mr. Smith, that the report of the Edu- and Charles Patterson to London Asylum; $10.00 refund of medical examin-| C0 on © “Laudanum drops, “ois gy simple, rapid; and effectual §
i SB Dd Me Be Lo A ation of George and Charles Pattersbn, both insane. | tho treatment. Puncturing A h soon secures complete recovery. The gy
: Council adjourned till 4 p.m. That ‘the report of the Comber Public ‘Library and the report of the | Jon oon or the affection WHS Som ory had a conference with the reeve
Council reassembled at 4 p.m. All members present. | Comber Continuation Class be printed. other day one of our district t Health of a township not very far fram 2
The Road and Bridge Committee presented-their report. That the bill of D. A. Maxwell, for postage and ctationery, be referred | “00 npars of the Boa on to the cost of Board of Health work, and
Moved by Mr. Plant. seconded by Mr. Renaud, that the report of the |!o the Education Committee. Toronto, The reeve was objecting ©b ply retter that children should get
Road and Bridge Committee be adopted.—Carried. — The Elliott, Fisher, Ltd, be peid $14.28, for repairs to copying machine | woo ly remarked that “he fever, measles, and bave done with them.
Council adjourned till to-morrow at 10 am. 2¢ Registry Office. i all these diseases such as scarlet bits doctor ask:d bim how kis boy, was.
(Signed) .W. P. COYLE. (Signed) ALEX. McKEE, i 3a secomcund that the report of the Inspector of the House of Refuf€ | ype course of conversation the The father replied that id BAL Dene
g Warden. prin / » had scar ; Sp strict oMcer
Clark: ; : ml That J. A. McCormick be paid $4.15, for stationery, etc. TH boy tna result of the scariet fever, So the Aist0e an 3
THIRD DAY. | That the Auditors’ repart be printed. te o> i Yory many dollars he would be WHE imst communicable diseases
Sandwich, January 24th, 1918. That ‘the Sportswen’s Patriotic Association be granted $500.00 for the req ‘Wh'sh a more carelul protesiion zafes oraument to offer.
Sample free if you write to Council met at 10 a.m. care of returned soldiers. wight have prevented. The father a wad dangerous, and signs, are put
f % Roll called. All members present. The Treasurer's statement of Receipts and-Expenditures be printed. “Spitting” fs considered disgustidg Fre UE bite places, “Sneezing” |
# 2 Matisnal ead ivy 3 Chemie) C= Minutes of Wednesday were read. tori guar the report of the Standing Committee of the House of Refuge be up warning he pubile #zaiast oe place in people's manners, yet tho
i - - n v nted. . 0 i ccuples oxpec I
i u.s. Address No-Droto. Inc. Shit suction, rose Sampiod Bk ations; y The report of the Keeper of the House of Refuge and Industrial Farm is Aa a nar geranT as the other. (ow aded street pit en 3
202 ain Sts, Butale; MY. 5, From the Sportsmen's Patriotic Association, statement of receipts and j Le adopted and printed. CR with their consequences in riding on ) /
expenditures fcr the past year. d That the account of Gosfield South re care of George and Charles Pacter-| £1 qs oy NG LS # i
pa - The County Treasurer presented a statement of Receipts and Expendl-|son be corrected to allow for time and railway fare. ‘ citieSt PLUNGES AND SWIMMING POOLS. ‘ ally
k 3 ew : tures from January lst, 1918, to January 22nd, 1918; aiso a statement of the The account of John Lamarsh, for the care and conveyance of Harry oon anc galt water planges may carry widespread Infection, i y
, TOWN AND COUNTY standing of the different Municipalities with the County. Coulzon to Mimfeo, be corrected, allowing fare and wages instead of mileage. - Freah ano, ion when nasal and throat affections are common. any
4 Notices of Motion. We also recommend that the suggestion of the Warden in his report | dries the geass trouble, and mastoid abscesses occur from dirty swim-
! —Bonar Law says he does mot know Mr. Serdtch, that he will, on Friday, introduce a motion to appoint a | concerning By-law No. 218 be referred to the June session of this Council. colds, cases Ninety per cent, of cases of middle ear abscess and mastoid
LS who Billy Sunday is. Bonar is not as | .,mmittee to inspect the approaches to the bridge over Wigle Creek west That the Clerk order a copy of the Ontario Statutes for each member of | i785 tanks: | d ectly {rom ordinary ‘colds in the head’ and ‘sore :
\ well educated’as the devil of Kingsville, in Gosfield South. this. Council. eT digrase result Sa “ages of suppuration of the sinuses of the head (hol-f
5 — Warning—Keep your sidewalks [ree We also recommend that the accounts recommended paid by the Road and | throat A ‘heek bones frontal and other bones of the head) resuit| ;
i of snow; deposit no ashes on the road; : Order of the Day. - X Eridge Committee, the Gnol Committee, the Highways Committee and the | $27 272023 1 0 an Infection just as diputberis or measles or scarlet
. at ‘boys and girls must not ‘jump on The following by-laws were read a first time:: : WB adn Education Committee, be paid. {rom colds. A cols an, ike —
") sleighs or cutters. A; By-law appointing a Trustee for the . Amherstburg High School, a All of which {5 respectfully submitted. * fever are. JIOW TO PREVENT COLDS. t
¥ 1 do mot 2% for jSwels 195% Trustee for the Leamington High School, and two Trustees for the Essex 7 (Signed) J. R. DUCHARME, (1y A dally cold bath or a cold sponge bath of the face, chest, neck, ;
Nor gold ‘wou control; High School. : : a
1 only ask that I may own 8 A By-law to borrow money to meet current expenditure of the County. Chairman, an! shoulders. ving air In one’s bedroom. Don't be afraid of outdoor Da
A simple ton of coal. tb A By-law to appoint a member of the Board of Audit; rr 5 d (2) Fresh moving air ]
—The days are growing preceptibly A By-law appointing a Standing Committee of the Industria rm an 5. . alr. i - swimming tanks. 4
tonger, and electric light and coal ofl} §1guse of Industry and of Refuge; Report of the Road and Bridge Committee. ¥ In avels pute plunges 8 A hold has a cold the otbers should| 5
bizis will grow correspondingly short- A Bylaw to appoint a Highways Committee; ; V ENR (4) 1{ one'm t such as kissing. Soft cheesecloth which may be | * ani
er, a change that is pleasant to con- A°By-law granting a sum of money to the Canadian Patriotic Fund. and Sandwich, January 26th, 1918. avold too close Rb handkerchiefs, LX pen
template. A By-law appointing Auditors for the year. * To the Warden and Council of the County of Essex, in Council assembled: — burnt should be us a 3 ; . thin
—A' record: was established at tlie Moved by Mr. Clark, seconded by Mr. Chauvin, that a sufficient grant Gentlemen, —Your Road and Bridge Committee beg leave to report as (5) Keep the wall Dn everale = It
Kent county gaol during the last quar-| pe made to gravel the approaches to the«Cedar Creek bridge, and that the | follows: — (6) Have plenty of ORF O8 8 ection of tha cars !n children is thet mas
ter of 1917, when the cost per.day Per | came be referred to the Road and Bridge Committee.—Carried. We recommend that the fee of $15.00 to the Ontario Good Roads Asso- The beat A ronalls. It Is astonlibing how the croupy,|s pial
prisoner reached 17%c. -as compared Counc!] adjourned to allow committees to meet and reassemble at 1 p.m. | ciation be pald. x timely removal of adenolcs doe hase troublesome symptoms after the] Is o
with 13 for the preceding quarter We recommend: that’ Mr, Armstrong be a delegate to the Ontario:Good | always-with-a-cold child gets Te" If thero Is earache get a competent! 0
—That all theatres in Canada are AFTERNOON SESSION. Roads Convention. Toronto, commencing February 27th, 1918. romoval of adenoids and tonsils. : AGE RAR RR i food
to be closed ‘or three nights a week Council met at’l p.m. ~3 We recommend that a sufficient grant be made to finish gravelling at folanfan hava the ean drum Sivell & SUL C AHE clean and dry for) | thar
by order of, ina Dominion ar Board Roll called. All members present. Cedar Creek bridge; Mr. Clark commissioner on the work. * 2 : Sica and the only thing remaining is to p ; ps
i is the rumo: Laat is exciting the Joca: Communications. Wo recommend that Colchester North be refunded $18.50, [or repairs to| a few days. 2 Br
; amusement world. The Auditors presented their report—Adoptéd and ordered printed: Canard bridge. FF 2 Douches of the nose, forcible blowiae of the nose while it is closely] | for
y —Beginning January 28th, and till Reports of Committees. Rd 4 We recommend. that the Provincial Engincer be called upon to settle tiie | ald, and diving in the tank should be Asal oh Il. ad Tost after eating IB piu
N . the end of the war, all mills in Can- The Legislation and Petitions Committee presented their report. road dispute between 'Anderdon, and Sandwich West at Canard bridge, sald Eat plain food; eat slowly; chew the food well, a of
ada are to manufacture flour with a __ Moved by Mr. Woollatt, seconded by Mr. Lambier, that the_report of the | Muanicipalities to bear the cost of sald engineer-* # good advice for everyopa, - — sire
larger proportion of wheat, producing | Legislation. and Petitions ‘Committee be adopted. —Carried. That we refund the -Townsiiip of Gosfield South $9.75, being 75 per cent | ——— - ms ee Aron
one barrel from 265 pounds of wheat Council adjourned to allow committees to meet and reassemble to-morrow | of cost of repalrs to bridge over the Wigle Creek. - - | Or
instead of 300. at 10 a.m. . : ~ That Thomas Plant, Chairman of the Road and Bridge Committee, and | bo
x ¢ —David -Evans: “of Strathroy. who | (Signed) W..P. COYLE, (Signed) ALEX. MeKEE, Clas. Clark be a committee to inspect the different grades and bridges, and ;
has ably acted as secretary of th Cierlc 3 Warden. | that all requests'for such work be in the hands of the Clerk by the 15th day | SM
Strathroy Agricultural Soclety for the " do - of May. : s —~—
last 26 years. has tendered his resig- FIFTH DAY Ss aad, All of which Is respectfully submitted. : :
nation. but will continue until a suc a. Sandwich, January 26th, 1918. (Signed) THOMAS PLANT,
cessor is appointed. Mr, Evans 3 Council met at 10 am. 5 % Chairman.
ed to t the first Echo on an. ol Roll called. All members present but Mr. Brown. « x
; Hoe Aird which fs still a fea- Minutes of Friday ‘were read. = : Sandwich, Ont., January. 26th, 1018. ge \
i = ture of The Echo relics. He is Hydro- On motion! minutes were adopted as read. ) Jd
x Electric Commissioner, the riost oblig- H : 2 * :
4 fag postmaster. in: Ontario, and pil. Reports. . Report of Committee to Strike Standing Committees. 5 i
FF» iar in the Beptist church. The Road and Bridge Committee presented their report. To the Warden and Members of thé County Council, In Counell assembled: — -
—Replying- to City Solicitor Frank Moved by Mr. Plant, seconded by Mr. Renaud, that the report of the ; sia
‘ Davis" letter, asking the S., W. & A. | noi4 and Bod ge Committee be ado Ny Co : Gentlemen. —We, your special committee appointed to strike the Standing gd
: 4 raflway to resume. normal service, The Gaol on Lom So ted . Yoport = Committees for the year, beg leave to report as follows: — ow
; Manager James Anderson . says that, Te od a ret. Dropillaid, that the. Gaol Fiance Commliitee—J. R. Ducharme, Chairman, and sll the members of 4 : e
id owingpto continued shortage of coal, Ci ove hl, be HA es secnnded y Mr. Dropillard, a 0. the Council : * v > oa 406
the company cannot operate more Opler a opted. Car at 11 o'clock 4 : Road and Bridge Committee—Thomas Plant, Chairman, and =I the mem- &
. cars at present. Beginning the new Council reassembled at 11 o'clock. All’ members present. bers of the Council f 4 tk Cp
{ year; the company took ono car from : a : Equalization Committee—Willlam Waldron, Chairman, and all the mem- :
y dich and. Ouel The Finance Committee's report was presented and read a first time. > i. A V a
each of the Belt, Sandwich and OQuel- On motion, the council went into committee of the whole for the second | bers of the Counc “Bl he girl!
fette runs, and cut the Tecumseh-Am- : Education Committee—Charles €lark, Chairman, and George Jasperson; ess the girl! She
"hierstb r¥ice to a twoh hE) readied the bylaws, My, Dychdrine'in the gals. G. B W. J. Keck, Charles M. Johnston, H. Noble, Lewis Smith and E. .
erstburg service to a two-hour SC The following by-laws were read a second time and blanks fifled in: . A/G. Brown, W. J. Beck, Charles A). he by fe > naver for ts to k
i dule, because of ianbility to secure ) _| Terser. ¥ , g orge eep ; ]
: A by-law to appoint Trustees for the Amherstburg, Essex and Leaming: x
7, 0 cond. ton High Schools; o> 3 Legislation and Petitions Cothmittee—William Woollatt, Chalrmun, and m il i! d :
: —With a view to protecting U.S. | a by-law to raise a loan to meet current expenditure; 4 . | Robert Hart, Ix Lappan, D. Rocheleaw. E. Lambier, J. Scratch, S. Wyatt and e we stoc {e with -
citizens doing business in Windsor, A bylaw to appoint a member of the Board of Audit; g J. Wabster. : rd

    
     
      
     
  
 
 
   
    
      

y ; Printing Committee—Maurice Renaud, ‘Chairman; and J. B. Lefarve, C.
A by-law to appoint a Board of Management on the Industrial Farm Chauvin, R. Rochelenu, J. Ducharme amlW. Waldron.

and House of Refuge; 3 : ;
A bylaw, to confirm: the appointment of a committee for Highway Im- rr ! er I x Droniiiard, As Ary

OF Veg mii who may be compelled to pay war in-

: come taxes to both the Canadian and
American Governments, a: delegation
composed of Dr. Thaddeus Walker,

   

   
  

    

 

   
   
  

  
  

SATE ; provement; sr j “x
“Nk prefuent of Whe Dorder a Be by liw to appoint a member of the Senate of the Western University | All oCR AIRE respectiully submitioty (Signed) CHAS. CLARK
f v » v. GF Gord >| and College; : y ’ a ;
ef RL PN Sfagdjesn Gorlon M1 pe A by-law granting to the Canadian Patriotic Fund the sum of six thousand | gop awich, January 22nd, 1918 \ Cruirman. 47
Fi FIs Ottawa at the end of the week. They dollars per month for a period of twelve months; and =. >, : oo " BL
¥ fie ’ will point out to the Canadian Govern- “A bylaw to appoint Auditors for the year. » . bs 4 5 : “
ot > ment that it will injure border indus- Council resumed. . The Warden's Report for 1917.

   
    
  
   
  
    
 
  
   
  
  
  
   
   
  
    
    
  
    
 

On motion, all rules were suspended for the second reading of the Finance
Committea's report. Ras v

The. Finance Committee's report was read a second i

Moved by Mr. Ducharme, seconded by Mr. Renaud, that the report of the
Finance Committee be adopted.—Cagried.

The by-laws were read a third time, numbered and passed.

Moved by Mr. Woollatt, seconded by Mr. Drouilland; that all small matters
which may require ‘immediate attention from time to time in the county
buildings be left in the hands of the chairman of the Gaol Committee and
the Clerk to attend to.—Carried. :

Moved. by Mr. Plant, seconded by Mr. Woollatt, that the Warden and
Clerk be authorized to sign and submit to the Minister of Public Works and
Highways of the Province of Ontario the petition of the Corporation of the
County of Essex. showing that during the period from January 1st to Decem-
Yep 31st, pid Shots ka been Cpe ol upon the County Highway System

e/sum of $25,052.43, and requesting the statutory grants qn that amount as
i out. Bid question fone Standard, provided by the Act to Aid in the Improvement of Public Highways.—Carried
p oe Sev he is 8 Fons ; Moved by Mr: Keck, seconded by Mr. Renaud, that the Coutity Road
i In ix g 8. lowover, die ne an Superintendent be and is hereby instructed ‘to prepare an estimate of the
conditions of delivery, etc, will have | oypapditare to be made on the ‘County Road System in the County of Essex

tries if Americans have to pay the

Canadian tax as well ‘as that imposed

by their own Government,
- \ "=A deputation of bakers from all
parts of ‘Canada, thirty in ‘number,
were in Ottawa this week to confer
with Prof. Harcourt, representing the
Food Controller. The purpose of the
conference was to decide upon a stand-
ard Joaf based on the new standa
flopr which the mills must grind from
this date forward. The loaf, It is pro-
posed, shall; be standard in weight,
size, shape and Ingredients. It fs p
posed thal aH fancy loaves shall.

Jo tio 3 Warden and Members of the Esgex County Councll, In Council assem»

Gentlemen,—In presenting my final report as for the year 1917, I will not
make any remarks as regards our finances, You have printed copies of the
Auditors’ report in’ your hands. :

As you cre all aware of conditions arising from the continuance. of this
awful war, 1 think you will deem it advisable to still defer thie building of
permanent roads until conditions become normal.

1 Would like to suggest to the Members of the Council in regerd’ {o the
Rules governing the-admission of inmates to the House of Refuge at Leaming-|
ton. In my opinion By-Law No. 218 should be soamended that a certificate’
from the Medical Officer of Health of tho Municipality from which a person
ie committed, must accompany the committment that the person so committed
{s free from contagious diseases. This would prevent a recurrence of what te and dipesi
Bappenca to four dixaremt Ta cipalitles in das who committed inmates and Gs izesiion all

0 em returned owing to con ous ases existing found on examin- i i Thi
ation by the doctor at the County House of Refuge. 2g enefit from it. Thirst

Regarding ‘the extensive improvements made by the committees at the and fatizue fade

 
     
    
   
    
     
      
         
     

 

  

 

V

    
 

    
 
   
   
 
 
  
    
       
  
   
    
   
   
    
 
  
   
    
   

 
  
   
   
 
 
  

  
  
  
   
    
    
  
 
 
 
 
  

 

Teetl, breath, appe. |

   
 
 
   

     

   

to bo taken into sopsideration. ios for the year 1917. and to.submit a ‘copy of same to the Deputy Ministér, De- | County H ouse‘and on the farmithe Standing. Committes Will report ito you away. Pluck rete ; “ >
F£o¥he Boainios Jali vay 3 a ides | partment of Public Highways of Ontario, before May 15th next, the estimate os lustom d desir to, thapk both Mekbers asd. Officials tor th BY i + felerns
judgment handed out Monday to be in the form prescribed by the said Department. —Earried SIL aes Sin fa SO clals for their good Y its magic aid,

  

“that thespell Telephone Company stil} Moved by Mr. Plant;-seconded by. Mr. Kéck, that couucil adjourn to meét

has the right given to it by its act of | op Moniday, June 18th, at 2 p.m.—Carried.

  
      
  
  

“All of which Is respectfully submitted. 3 ¥

 
     

. incurpieation Ho sary on ftaibiness (Sozned) -W. P. COYLE. x y 4 (Signed) CHAS. B. WHALEN,
“ 3 - & v7
ty ot Witkdsor. The judgment states Clerk. ES Sandwich Januacy 23rd, 191. ® |. @itar every

 

* that neither the city or the railway
Poard can take this right away from
the company. The city asked the board
for an order fixing: conditions to de-{
termine whether the company liad apy |
= within the .ity, and to fix con-
; wpon which the company might
: fd carry on buniness. Tie board | = Ve recommend that the report of the Suprintendent of County Highways
LR - finds that it cannot fix any conditions | for 1917 ha adopted and printed: ; RS
3 i Yequlring the payment of any money V/e also rocommend that the petition to. the Minister-of Public Works and
or granting of any telephone | Highways of the Province of Ontario, stating the amount spent on roads, and

privileges to’ the municipality. usking for the Government's proportion for 1917, be adopted, dnd the Warden

        
     
 
 
  
 
    
  
  
 
 

 
   
 
  

EE .—™a_". sa A HA
= meal

a “me. victim of 2 paralytic attack Reforms in the Civil Service are

. » ® ~ - y -

Report of the Highway Committee. Anselm Juneau, 79 years old, passed |nounced. The Civil Service Cami
away Friday evening at the residence | sioners have repoited in favor of a

To the Warden and Council of the County of Essex. In Council assembled: — | of bis Sol, Fran k Juneau, 103 Pierre [flew Civil Service Act for submission |
’ -. : # avenue, ndsor. Ar. Juneau had |to Parl 5
Gentlomen,~¥our Highwiys Committee beg leave to report as follows: — heen a resident of Windsor for , the |and ry hamacyion 3 Jomsinin.
past: eight years. coming to this city | rom the Governmet to prepare such
from Woodslee, where he successfully |legisiation as they tink necessary. In
operated a farm for many years. He |the meantime, certain new regulations
Wasa native of Mantel. but moved are (0 be established under the pres-
: 8 paren 0 place ‘to lent Civil Service Aci and these, it |
L 8 are proceeding for the | and Clérk sign the same. : : : ; * | Detroit when hs was 11 years old. He - i carry a ee
ofthe Essex County Light & Tha Road Superintendent be requested to prepare his estimate of | sed to say that Be ST site of the pas oui Foi the Oo, We

's system by the On-| costs for expenditures for 1918 and submit.n copy of same to the Detroit city hafl was only a mud hole 5 ne

    

  
   
    

 

 
  
  
  
    
  
  
    
    
 

  
   
 

      
  
  
 
  
   
 
 
   
 

  
      
   
   

   

         
  
   
  
   
   

  
  

 

mmission, ac-| Minister lic Works, after being approyed by ‘the. Highways Co rrived elty)

2 , president It fs with pleasure this committee notes the approval of By-law No. 375 hel he on ly oe yi 1s wire ready to Tollay an
of it, of | by thie Lieutenant-Governor in Co) , and recommend thet the ‘same be |" afon who been: granted tempor. |; be provided to
any is a sub-| printed, including the letter from the Deputy Minister of Public Highways re | ary exemptions. under the Military | outlook for ghf

. Power. was | game. - he ; a
county, the| ~ We recommend that the chairman of this.-Committee and the Acting
it is said. | Superintendent of County ‘Roads attend the Provincial Good Roads Conven-
the Detroit | tion at Toronto, et Fehrua) i
dn eh, with | Tho acconnt of , for cleaning bridge,

Service Act. t AB rh ei LL U.S. Secreta
a

: ita : he_ger- nie ri r

» vice and k and To; S

8H jon of their period of « m. Un plan might bo feasible, but tf put if |.

  
 
 

    
   
