LEAMINGTON.

-
C. B. Mann received word from | Detroit aftorndbn newspapers are
Bdmoion, ‘Alberta, Monday of Inst [now sold for 2 cents! instead. of ono,
week sf the death, on Sunday of his | The advance, it Is explained, 18 due to
five-yeuno)q granddaughter, Bunny, [the general increase in costs of all
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Barl Ma kinds, and 18 in line with the procedure
The motlsy had been laid up In the | being taken by newspapers In all parts
hospital wit. pneymonis and’ on her of the country, : '
return home fmnd her daughter ser-| Charles Findlay, n bachelor, broth-
fously. {lI, death following. er of Mrs. Frank Phillips, Elliott
Mr. and Mrs. W. D. Cox arrived |street, Windsor, died Saturday in St.|-
home from Toromo Tuesday morn- | Mary's hospital, Detroit, of {njuries
ing, accompanied dy their daughter, | received when he fell from a three.
Miss Millfe, who lad the misfortune |8tory bullding on which he was em-
to slip and fall on Townto's icy side- | ployed. i :
walk, breaking one of har legs. She While walking along the street in
had taken up nursing fa the Sick {front of 199 Dougall avenue Friday
Children’s’ hospital in that city and |afternoon, Mrs. Mary Chene sustained
Will not be able 10 resums her duties [a paralytic stroke. She was conveyed
there. for some months. to Hotel Ditw, Where her Sond tion Way
4 n reported as being critical. r. Dow
TELL Otay Shen In fy ning the woman: ' Mrs. Chene
.: nt roar “lis 62 years old and makes her home
who occupy a brick structure on Erie h iat. t 209 Dougell avenue
street south as a feed stare. The front Sith ‘07sfstersa B BY SINE!

Tor Tunis and Cutis,
| Mothiers Know That
Genuine Castoria

Below we give the
{except electric) on onl
“Ideal” Catalogue an
ostal will

y station
ew of the many styles of
Freight Paid Price List—sent free

in Old Ontario

freight paid prices to an
a Fence. The

bring it to you—sh

_ Thirty Years

GASTORIA

THE CENTAUR COMPANY. NEW Vomu civy.

Exact Copy of Wrapper.

part of the buflding was gutted, but
the worst ddmage was caused by
smoke and water. The loss {3 not es-
timated by the proprietor, It is
thought the fire was started by an
overheated stove.

stove.

The annual meeting of the Leaming-
ton Bowling Club was held at William
Smith & Son's last week. The mem-
bership 18 now the largest in the his-
tory of the club, standing at 101.
having more than doubled last year,
The chief business was the election of
officers which resulted as follows: —
Hon. President, Major W. G. Gidley;
President, Robert Falrful; 1st Vice-
Pres, J. C. Hutchinson; 2nd vice.
Pres, E. C, Awrey: Sec-Treas, Ern-
o5t Sharpe; Executive Committee, J.
A. McDonéll, H. Lendon, L. J, Wright,
J. T. Burgess and Wm, Smith;
Grounds Committee, H, Milking (chair.
nna), Geo, Trott, J. C. Thomas, W. D.
Cox, J. T. Burgess and D, Kennedy;
Canvassing Committee, A. C. Stewart,
W. H. Willson, B. W, Cox, Mayor
Wigle; Auditors, J. F. Mutrie and G.
A. Campbell.

r-

COLCHESTER NORTH.

Elford.
Arthur W. Parker, who has been

She is a widow and the mother of two
sons and one daughter, the Intter Mrs.
William, of Detroit. {

Willlsm Menard, who runs a hotel
at Stoney Point, was’ fined $200 in the
Walkerville police court because a
Government license Inspector found
some “patent medicine” in the hotel
premises which contained more than
10 per cent. alcohol. Menard declared
he bought the “medicine” for his wife,
but the court said the C, T. A. had
been violated, and the sentence had to
stand.

Mrs. Margaret Mousseau, 70 years
old, mother of License Inspector Mous-
sean, died Saturday at the home of
her son, George Mousseau, ‘Adams,
Mass. She had been ill several weeks
from a’severe cold. Surviving are her
her husband, Nathan Mousseau, for-
merly of Belle River; four sons and
five daughters. Mrs. Mousseau had
been living in Masachusetts since
1903. Burial was made Monday at
Adams.

Returning to Windsor on leave after
more than two years’ service with the
British armies in Egypt and on the
western front, Capt. T. Harold Crews,
-80on of Rev. H. W. Crews, pastor of.
the Central Methodist church, said
England and her -allles confidently
await the much-advertised German of-
fenstve. ‘“The people of Great Britain

eight paid to your station on—

ows and describes fully, and

25 Styles Heavy “Ideal” Fence

Made throughout of full
4-wire fence 33 inches high to a 15-wire, 57-inch fence,

12 Styles Medium Heavy “Ide

9 gauge wire for top and bottom, all of

Made with No.

2 Styles “Ideal”
all other wires No,
found on “Ideal”
Barb Wire Coiled

gauge No, 9, evenly galvanized

” Fence

9 gauge wire for

Fi
tchers, Steel Posts, Diapers re.

ze

Send

today for “Ideal” catalog with Freight-Paid Prices

No. 7400 HORSE AND CATTLE FENCE
i 40inches high, stays
Spacing 65. :

i 7-line wires,
22 inches apart,
Made throughout of

No. 7480 HORSE AnD

7-line wires, 48 inches high, stays
pacing 6. 63. 73. 9. 10. 10.

22 inches apart, 'S

full gauge No. 9,
evenly galvanized hard steel geo

Price, aera iins 50c

No. I GENERAL STOCK FENCE

i bp ES OE
par n| . 8h. : A

8 83. Made througout of ful Sa % 2,

No. 9, 1} i
Sa oy, Salvapiced hard steel
No. 11 50 GENERAL STOCK FENCE

11-line wires, 650 i i
stays 13 inches cpart, Made with oii high,
i bottom wires No.9 gauge, all other

6. 6. 7. 73. 8p.

CATTLE FENCE

Hard Steel Wire, from a
A style for every purpose.

ther wires No. 12 gauge,
top and bottom,
Gates—with improved features
Gates. Brace Wire,

75¢c

Made throughout of full gauge N

M since Christmas with_ abscess on |2re satisfied a great defeat awaits the 0. 9

the lung, died- at the home Germans should they attempt to break evenly galvanized hard steel wire,
Death aE Willlam Pare hares through the allled line in the west,’ Price, per she tal LENO Cc
morning of last week, in the bard | C3PL.-Crews said. “The morale of the ,

55¢

$1.60

Wires No. 12. Price per rod

25-1b. bundle No. 9 ized i
25.1b,. ben ©. 9 ‘galvanized brace wire

THE UNDERFED

How Children of thc Ignorant
Are Robbed of Oatmeal

A canvass made among the intelligent

CANADIAN NEWS.
—
The American Government has usk-
ed Mexico to reconsider its decree im-
posing heavier taxes on oll producers.

Ottawa's Patriotic and Red Cross
campaign closed with a total of $555.-

year. of his age. Deceased was tm-
married, - and has lived with his
brother William for several years
past. He {8s survived by one sister
and five brathers—Mrs. Jas. Mason,
of Della,

allied armies was never better, and the
men are’ anxious for the German of-
fensive to begin.” v

At a well-attended meeting of

the
Border Chamber of Commerce

on
Thursday, Secretary Hannigan of the

HOG FENCE
No. 831 8-line wires, 31
16} inches a

Spacing 8.

Made throughout of Tall ae

evenly galvanized hard
rod

steel wire,

any size) galvanized fence
staplea
inches high, stays f-point
3.3.45 67.

No, 9, 60 ;

5.50
hi;

185

‘ »
: ot 3 Alta,; -Sam, of Lusang, i Ideals farm gate, (close mesh) 12 feet
ni sigafoo SOLER Do, 600. The objective was halt a millisn. (Alberta; Ed. of Royal Oak Michi; Hydro ‘Radial Association discussed re = E45 inches, Tarn) 2 fost
abi pn sg dose UR Washington gidvises that taps and | Horatio, of Sandwich; Charles, of Soy pment a oe ath A ——— i —— tema et
:s vis, The children grow up incapa- | Supplies for General Pershing’s forzas | Detroit, land William, The funeral ¢ a. I. Rand G. T. P. at length. :
} Ble.becauss bodies und bras are starved [are now moving to France‘on schedule [was held on Saturday mowning, with | He urged that everything possible be a Lox complet psivsun Tosa fence, OUR GUARANTEE °
rest Nature stores in oats more energy food, | time, aervices at the home of Win: Parker, [done to secure immediate action by Sat or ras Sud gil fence es ight : 2) i ade
wis more brain food, more nervo food than in [Baroy Booze, an engineer, waa ar. | on interment In Erle cemetery. +; |the Government. The peopls of On. paid to any station in either Old or New Ontario. ‘Idedl’” fence is guaranteed to be made exactly
(fhe 4 uny other grain that grows. That's why : ; LE eters ~H rarin, he #800; are nat: Sree slug lo bec.and Mari i { oh represented, to be made as, the best fence
is children crave oatmeal. There 1s nothing Fatal in Be. aoas on 5 chareq x Colchestér. any ‘dallying by private ne ae ith Quebec.and Maritime Provinces should be made and to give you THAT VALUE
Mx uke i i * |the theft of cigars ani nens [rom G. eee nterests w We have opened’ A ic 1 C1
to take its place. . pen a warehousé and office in ou
o “This is a food on which it doesn't pay to FTL R, frelghticars. . GOSFIELD NORTH the hydro project. He snys enough Montreal to handle Eastern shipments and cor. ~~ " cxPected to receive when ordering.
Bl tc carcless. Thero is a very widediffer-| A hola 20 fapt wide hhs appeared . electrification can be developed from respondence. Ask our Branch, 14 Place Royale, We have a large stock of all styles of *
eoce in out foods—a difference in richness | fn the foundations of the waterworks . the water powers In. the province to Montreal, Quebec, for ‘Ideal’ prices, fre} tpaid fence: on Pang and ill Blea of ingle
Cr. god food value. Don't serve the common |gnm at. Springbank, caused by the North Ridge. not only operate every factory and in- to any.station in Canada east of Montre: same day as received, while’ oh fas the
pu kind. on tig) ” . as arc [heavy ice pressure. | a C. H. Richol recelved the sad |.dustry but to run all railways. Elec- Thies 22.
: nly the richest, plumpest grains are hodist and Pres-| ntelligence that her youngest sister |trifitation of the G. T. R. would give : ‘
vsed in Quaker Oats. ‘They are selected| The union of .Metho st a had passed awa Tha word. came on . Th M " wae 2
7 by 62 sftings. Only ten pounds are obtain [byterian churches in ‘the ‘vicinity of y power to many municipalities now (= cGregor Banwell Limited W ki.
pd rr REE LO BE is a food rich | Cornwall has ben approved by the | Sunday afternoon.. Mrs. Nichol left | without hydro, A strong resolution A 7 Fence Co, /alkerville, Ont.
pag 10 all the oat elements—the utmost in cat: | Glengarry Presbytery. at once for their home in Decatur, |along the lines suggested by Mr. Han. | \ . ~ 4 .
{ aeal.¢ Yat the cost to you is but one-hall | "=" 0 ion dollar Notre Dame Dl Sn oyster Supper ahd SuFDreS nigan was carried.
g cent per dish. . ~ yi Vi party was ven ro Wn ra. M. — TE T
eu- Made in Canada. > (zy [hospital is to be built in . Montreal, Small on Thursday last, © A number WHEATLEY. a
be construction of which will be probabiy , N
Pi Sea Alo tae 7 OY of neighbors gathered: at their’ home jf -———— .-»JOHN GORMLEY DEAD.
: Ground glass was found In 200/to bid them good-bye, and to expross| Miss Eva Featherston left on Sat
vj I a 5 a hon Dos thelr regret at thelr leaving, know-|urday with her aunt, Mrs, Geo. Hell, John Gormley, the well known
ot» - BE Fen! J the naval avia- | IDE thetr-lovs will be’ some one else's for Travers, Alberti -On: Thursday | auctioneer, and one of tie best Known |
ship om ation near Poasacolur Fin lgain. ‘They also presented Mr. Small | ©Vening" a mamber: "of : har fehool- residents of Essex, passed away at
Pit ps tled: wireless ~apparatgs | With a handsome meerschaum. pjpe,| mates gathered at her home “ond [his home there Wednesday night of
v et by army, intelligence | 8Rd~Mrs. ‘Small. with «a fine “linen | 8PeNt ou most enjoyable évening be- [Inst week, in the 60th year of his
/ way I an NH Dron table cloth as a token. of the love fore saying d-bye. age. Deceased wag taken {ll four
i officers Te, hp Dn and respect with which they are held Earl Andersof, who  hné been In | months ago, and had been confined
in 2 Wy Roddqnayiers 5 i Russe i as neighbors /and friends here, and | training for artillery service at Van-|to his house ever since with stomnch
hl LLL, Lom en Say 4 new measure | Wishing them every. happiness in | couver (or some time, arrived home | trouble and dropsy, his condition “for a
i 0 SUNS, TRAPS, SPORTING GOODS egislat Nsstos the clty to provide §7..] their new home, v lost week on a visit to his parents, | weeks-past being such that no hopes
fm | JOMN HALLAM, Limite~ [which callsyfor the city to pi BY heii ; reins Mr. and Mrs. Stewart Anderson. On [were held out for his recovery,, Mr.

=
wd

408 HALLAM BLDG. TORONTO,

 

000 for improvement. of roads In Mid: |

dlesex county.

RiceJones, ~ agricultural repred

ye TOWN uF ESSEX.

Friday evening a party in his honor
was given at his home and a most

Gormley was born {n Dunnville, Ont.,
an March 27th, 1858, and was married

y of Tr Ce enjoyable time wa v a
o 8 sentative of Calgary, advises 'everppumRobert Fairbairn purposes moving ny : 8 - Spent Ts all oY Ton ones x. Roger, Ii
or L. BERTRAND farmer=of farm Inborer in khaki to [wigh his family to: Red" Deer, Alta. Saturday afternoon | while B.C. Essex, and have resided In that sdo. z -. .
pal: FUNERAL DIRECTOR apply for leave of absence, owing to [about the middle of the month, and Wemp wal using an edging saw at | tion ever since, Mr, Gormley being | arriages an e icles
to RACTICAL Kmbalmer, Murray St. the necessity for. increased produc- | will take up land in that vicinity. the milf, a sliver caught the ‘back of employed on the M. C. R. for several , A r. v 1
4 + Amherstburg. Day or night. tion, } BE. Richardson {8 again confined to fine gaw and was thrown with great years. Shortly after his marriage, Are the Hi hest Grade Made in Canada
i Crime. in France has greutly In: [the house with bronéhitis. His moth- force, striking him across’ the face. |while employed fn a mill at Grand g y yur

RYEFEaR3EE

Le

Ele

sud 3
$0 oars oxperionoe. Hundreds of satis May 16th to 18th, ~ on Alce street to Jas. Forsyth, pos-| card ~ from an English school hoy, | brothers and three “slsters—Willnm; ¢ 4
PER vic Gon a rns esimoniaie | dimes . Whitty and his -daughier, [session to be given April Lot. Ales. who stated that his mother has pur. |of Grand: Rapids, Mich Arthur, of
Issuer of Marri e Licenses: {aged two, were suffocated or burned] Snell and family will move to Toron- chased the egg on January 19th, ang Ofneinnats, Qlo; Thomas, Peter, 5 4

bel arriag - to death in adfire which broke out In |to this month, and Mr. Forsyth and | that she had paid threepence halpan. | Mrs. 3 . Garan and Miss. Winnie a . »
i C.’P. R. Ticket Agent. [thelr home; Pleasant street, Chatham, | family will move to his new property my for it. . The boy also  mentionpa Gormley, of Buffalo, N. Y., and Mrs. Phone 44 Ramsay Straet Amherstbur
ed SESE a oT aT soon after they had retired Fri-fabout April 1st Mr. Forsyth's fath- the fact that the egg was mone too | Wm. Morrison, of Rosebush, Mieh. y 4
oo FRUIT TREES wy night, while Mrs. Whitty was ah-[er, A. D. Forsyth, and sister, of Har-|gresn. That-humpty-dumpty: was at [Mr. Gorilay had a host of friends 2s fr
Mr 4 |sent from home. row,- will move to fEssex and reside | onset nine months’ old by the time |in all party” of the county, who Avill v = = =
oon | LAND The Brantford Board of Educatfon | with him. Rl it reached the consumer. = Yet the |hear of his gemise with feelings of SVT AHR \
[ . A has Increased the maximum salary for OSFIELD SOUTH. ~ ) venerable Joo says eggs are not’ un: |regret, and yi unite in extending jh i : s =
rr P LAN TS women teachers from $850 to $300, GOS . necessarily stored. : sympathy 15 the bereaved family. ne. . :
oeit y . and granted bonuses of S50 10 princt: Rathod MERS Funors) SSEyices were held at the E

] ; ’ als and inspectors. mates for . J amily homg 10th,
pu For Spring Planting. ei were fixed at $121,700. Homer Wigle, of Albertville, who AE . ge Sh,

CHAS. LEGGETT

J fRAduaTE OPTICIAN.
Nineteen
fled

i Wo need né' further Introduction
than the fict that we have been fn
the ‘Nursery Busiues#’ SIXTY-ONE

EARS, and are now prepared to moct
existing conditions by. offer'ng our
high grade trees’ and: plants direct
10 customers at ROCK BOTTOM
PRICES, gL /

Send for our illustrated circulars of:

dy. yariéties which youn can’ order
direct and save the agent's. commia-
sion, of which you get the benefit.
Our prices ‘will be sure to interest,
Jou. and all stock is absolutely firat-
class and true to name.

THE CHASE ‘BROTHERS CO.
of Ontario, Ltd.
Nurserymen.
Established 1867.

COLBORNR;: ONT.

Bato of Ohfo, City of Toledo,

Lucas nty, ii
"Guy makes onth that he
ng :

creased since the end of 1916, this
being attributed to the fact that young
boys have escaped parental control.
by reason of the mobilization of  thefr
fathers, ry

Viscount Bryce, former British Am:
bassador to the United States, has en-
dorsed the aims of the “Win the War
for Permanent Peace” convention
which Is to be held in Philndelphja

W. C. Douglas, Ernest Spalding and
Willinm . McKinnon were each fined
$500 and costs or G0 days, and four)
others $50 and costs ‘or 30 days; by
(Magistrate Denison in Toronto, Fri
day. They ore “International Bible
Students”, charged with distributing
the “Finished Mystery.”

Grand Trunk Brakeman Harry F.
Millie, aged 24, residing In Londofi}

ell under his train’ at Kingscourt on

turday afternoon and sustained” in-
Juries from which he died & few hours
Tater in Victoria hospital. His left
leg. was so badly ‘crushed that {t had
to be amputated near the thigh. 7°

The Hon. ‘Albert Sevigny has ten:
dered his resignation as Minister of
Inland: Revenue, in the Borden Cabi-
net. This is official. Hon. Albert Se-
vigny was defeated in two constitu-
oncles, in Westmount and Dorchester, |
Que, at the'general election of Dece) :
ber last. The counting of the soldiors
vote, now practically completed, fall-

jed to wipe out the majorities against

Him,
“Hon. James D. McGregor, formerly

Lioutenant-Governor of Nova Scotia,

LLARS died on Monday at his home {n New

lnggow. Hon. Mr. McGregor was

| twice elected to- the Nova Seotla of

“of :New

‘Glog:

inted
Scotia,
five-

er-ln:law, Mrs. Vose, is also 111 with
grip, while his two children are ill
wth whooping cough.

Mrs. Jane Hopgood, who has been
in Hotel Dieu, Windsor, for seyeral
months past, hans been removed to
the, home of her nephew, lmer
Hopgood, 78 ‘Hall avenue, where she
will make her home. :

C.oA. Snell”has sold his property

sold his farm last week to William
Copeland, will build a fine residence
on his place south of the one sold,
where he owns another farm of 40
ucres.—A large flock of ‘wild geese

ed over here on, Wednesday go-}ruary by $13,261,263, and stobd on the [to my old hog,
Ja north This 1s the one Sure sign 28th _ at. $1,010,780,470; war expendi: | reminiscencliig over the pleasant win.
fall | ture“was Jess than in February, 1917, | ter spent in
ago.1 had Ocuggion to. visit the ‘Burg, [=|

ing north.
of an eanly spring.—All the
wheat and clover In this district is
still in fine condition, and only a
‘few spots have been' frogen. Grow-
era. say if no more heavy freezing
comes, the fall wheat crop’ will be
the best seen here In many yeprs.—
Angus McCharles fs putting on the
finishing touches to his’ new green-
housp here thls week. He (8 putting |
in" hundreds ‘of panes ef glass, and
will ‘bo ready to styrt. growing all
kinds of early plants the last of ‘this
week.—Beans, which haye never
beeny grown here very. extensively,
will be cultivated on a larger scald
this season. Those who had small
lots: Inst year are well pleased. with |
the yleld and financial sale of them.
—Solomon Fox and Colin Neville,
who have béen’ seriously. ill for the
last: year, are not regaining thelr
(hioalth as fast aw many frionds would
like to sec them.—The muskrat sea-
‘son is now opeh; and ‘quite a number
of them have already: been trapped

His .right eye was considerably in-
jured, and a nasty cut which requir-
ed a number of stitches to close, was
made fn his face.

Burt. 18 now ‘able to be around again
with one eye damaged.

One day list spring Dawson MaC)el«
lon wrote his nome-ard address op
an egg, and last weck he recelveg g

Miss Horton, teacher fi 8. S. No.
19, has given up her school owing to
an ottack of nervous proatration.

ee

Canada's not debt Tncréasoed in Feb-

and revenues were larger.

—————————————

oN 7

opinion of Zsm-Buk. | <lergy-
Jaen, Whol livhe at . th 3 i
writing to proprieto) ar!
upon thé unusual popularity which
Zam-Buk “enjoys in the homes of
-~the people of his parish, “Hq says:
8d 4 Xoow Sf Seing | at con
of ri Fi

along the creégks near tho lake here, |

Br a N California. .
“Orlando Wiglo' 18: laid up -with, rhe

itism. ~The Farmers’ Co-O Hative
Cor oF Gosfield: South, will “Tio

Sonne on Marea To oe,

"The wound was | dren—Edith,
very painful for a couple of days,/but | sor;

Raplds, Mich., Je had the misfortune
to lose Ws right arm. s To Mr. and
Mrs. Gormley were born scven chil
deceased; Carl, Winds
Ethel (Mrs. Stanley Halstead),
of Harrow; William, ' of "Essex;
Mabel (Mrs. Karl Paul), of Fart
Wayne, Ind.; Minnle = (Mrs. L. L:
Morin), .of , Amherstburg, and Kate,
at home. He fs/also survived by four

“BAEK TO PELEE.

Dear BEd. —
As I have started on my journey
® an Pelee I cannot help

Four town. Abouta year)

where I Was (514, that (here were one
hundred houses vacant and the people
had nothing to 44, in fact 1 believe you
could have shyt yn cannon. down -the
street on-8 bijsy Saturday afternoon
and not hit 84y one, But now what a
miraculous change. Everyone has thelr
pockets bulging with groenbacks; the
stores, butcher ghops and barber shops
are: doing a TWhing business, = Am-
herstburg 18 DO 4 place of hospitality;
and ghod chiar, a place where: the
people's: heat ‘are ‘overflowing: with
Auman kindness, a place

d people. live, and the

estimation eclipses the: town; in

ar

[able fo captuly opp of them to take
back j.the land, and it I live fo be
one hi and fifteen, the pedro
parties, danciy apg, hie girige parties

I have taken the agency
solicit ‘a continuance 'of your patronage.

Gray Buggies, Carriages, Cutters,
are the best of their kind.
on liberal terms,

Bullt at home. “The choicest\materizl.

+Our shop ‘also headquarters for DEERING FARM MACHINERY.

There is pleasure at every
stage in the ase of Sunlight.
In the washing—for the

d :

‘work is greatly lightened.
3 In the iron-

is the Indies, and ong x
grets. is that I' was un-| -

dn this district for the GRAY products, and
Fanning Mills and. Kitchen Cabinets

Sold

Ww

Hin TT —

0)

 
