TARIO, FRIDAY, SEP

Whole 2,283 ©
FIELD CROP’ GOMPETITION. wl TOWN AND! COUNTY.

—The Ushers’ Club of the R. O.
church met it the home of P. J. Rou-

 

CORN

_ OAPITAL AND RESERVE $8,500,000
A General Banking Business Transacted

98 Branches in Canada

CIRCULAR LETTERS OF CREDIT
BANK MONEY ORDERS

SAVINGS BANK DEPARTMENT”

: Interest allowed at highest current rate

_ R.B. SAMUEL, Manager,
Kingsville Branch.

®aSasuBssVTrLarITnY

EE ER EN TCC FCO TT YET TTY TI)

Miss SULLIVAN'S REAL ESTATE AGENCY

Phone 208, Amherstburg.

and three
MISS M,

A. A. & M. Agricultural Society. =

P. L. Fancher, mrn expert, of Chat:
ham, did the judging of the standing
corn: In this district entered In the
| Unlon Fair competiticn, and made his
decision as follows: E. A. Deneau,
| Wisconsin No. 7, 94 points; Thomas
Deslippe, W. C. Y, D., 92; James Mar-
| tin,Leaming, 80%; D.
|consin No. 7, 8934; Fred. Pattyplase,
| Balley, 87%: Alex. Sinasac, Wiscon-

84%; Waltek Anderson,
Ralph Langlols, Wisconsin No. 7,
83%; Forest Pigeon, -Balley, 831:
Wilfred Sellars, Early Rochester, 88;
Frank MeGee, Gourd Seed, 82%; Mar
shall Enderby, Bailey (short acreage),
[79%. .
Commenting on the corn crop here,

Mr. Fancher says: “Native varieties
{are well past frost danger and show
W. 8. FALLS, Manager, ood stand and yfeld. There is more
native corn around Amherstburg than

Amherstburg Branch. the average for Essex county. Salth-

ern corn is very late, and Delaware
{corn [8 earlier than Southern, varie
ties, Many flelds will ripen it not
|damnged too much by the heavy wind
on Wednesday night. This corn fis
— too late for Ontario, The demand for

Adierticements In Siamuneg column one |Ontario: seed far exceeds the supply.

Small advertisements, 18 words or under, | EVéry enr of native varieties should
3 times for BOo. be saved.”

Bailey, 84;

Si evesvvesesimuGscesey

FOR SALE

 

! at 9.30
; Will ‘mave his jewelry

s. Bondy, Wis- |

8ln No. 7, 86%; Wm. Bailey, Balley,

—Qwing to. the Tain, the Amherat-
burg Scotch. Doubled Bowling tourna-
ent-has been postponed until next
Momlay, September, 16th, beginning
a.m, 2 oy y

—Haulsey Park, jeweler, hits leased
the “Cosy Corner,” Hough block, and
stock = there
next week, he and Mrs. Park occupy-
ing the fint as a residence.

—M>s, (Lieut. )O. B, Eaton, of Camp-
bollford, who is vigiting at present
with her mother-in-law, Mrs. Baton, at
I. H, Denike's, recdived a telegram
Saturday that her husband had been
severely wounded. Lleat: Eaton 8 a
brother of Mrs. Dénike.

U. 8. Secretary. of War Baker has
ordered War Department bureau chiofs
to replace all men within the draft
ages, who would be Classified in Class
1, now on duty in Weshington or in
War Department branches elsewhere,
with ‘men physically disqualified for
general military service. Transfers
must be campletedsby December 31st.

—At a meeting of ‘the Chatham
Presbytery at Chathhn¥, Tuesday, the
removal of Rev, W. H. Burgess, of
St. Paul's church, Harwich, to Walker
ton, and of Rev. A. Edington, ot Har
row, to Hampstead, in Stratford Pres-
bytery, was sanctioned.” The resigna-
tion of Rev. Mr. Reegle, of Comber, as
moderator, of the Présbytery, wus laid
on the table.” He expects to accept a
call to a church in Newark, N. J.

ume on Tuesday night, and presented
one of thelx members, Pte. Niles Rea-
ume, with suitable gifts, before he
leaves again for military duty in Lon-
don. Mrs. Reaume, the hostees, served
a delicious buffet lunch.

—David Kemp, of Toronto. is on a
visit to the Messrs. Kemp at Amherst-
burg. His father, Andrew Kemp, was
born at Newark (now Niagara-on-the-
Lake) in 1800. He came to Amherst
burg in 1812, in his 13th year. David's
grandfather was employed by the
Royal Engineers in 1813 to build the
old fort at Amherstburg. It was burn-
ed In 1813. David Kemp was ordered
to destroy the fort and spike the guns.
He also destroyed the boats at Chat-
ham. . He remembers well when a
mere boy the parades of the 43rd Regi-
ment (Col. Napier) and the 52nd Regi-
ment (Sir John Colborne) to ‘ehurch
for service. The latter regiment took
part in the battle of Waterloo. Mr.
Kemp is greatly surprised at the pro-
gress Amherstburg has made. He has
frequently visited the old town from
time to time: For many years he was
manager ofthe Merchants’ Bank at
Kingston, and of late years has been
in charge of the Church of England
funds at Toronto. He is now retired
after a very busy life.

N- ONTARIO CORN GROWERS.

A meeting of the Ontario Corn Grow-

The Falls ’ Ba

rron Co
Coal, Farm Produce and Live Hogs.

FALLS BROTHERS

DEALERS IN
Insurance and Real Estate Agents.

AMHEKSTBURG, ONT.

Words from

Andrew Carnegie

ly

~ FOR SALE—(00d top buggy, also single | ATI rp

driving harness. Cheap for quick sale i. AMHERSTBURG BOYS WOUNDED.

8. JUKES, Sth Con., Malden, Phone 149-31 |

iss} eo FOR BALE—Sow and plgs by side two | Fhé casualty lists are of grievous

on © $ ees PO N » p | x 3

re A a ouer | Duss Weeks oid (GORDON BONDY, Auld P. 0. |interest 10 Amhe ratburg parents the

MISS. M. SULLIVAN. s — | “FOR @ALE—Two sows Wilh pigs Iw Fini week ant he ig i] a Re.
R SALE—Large To0se In Town: MITT: | dyecies old. or Fro NE on) the Canadian Re
OR SALE—Larg: Weeks 01d. S. A HONOR, River Front, Mal- {Lay “on oa indicate that our boys

lass repair; all © modern conveniences: | gen, ph
ap. Apply MARY SULLIVAN, Amberst® FOR {Indian two eylthder | 478 taking their part in the big drive
FOREST, Telephone 222, (NOW on. Thursday evening of last

burg. Phone 206.
Araberstbire, week Mrs. J. P. Jones received a mes.

“FOR BALE=—AIl Kinds of 50 and 100-
FOR BALE—\assey Harris corn binder—= | sage informing her that her son, Pte.

acre farms 1 Anderdon, Maiden and Lob:
chester South; argains. M. S yah DALE-—~Masghy Harris 0 binders ;
J LEAL “Auld P. ' Phone 165.11, {Robére Jones In the infantry had been

VA » 2 : Ine

FOF 3 house | = d Ti = {offiela 3 o. 12 8 %
pion Bmp: rt ok 5 |, COM RAGE Ue POL 0A AT ar Bonga SU Pat, Prince, Aven
vg mn. A bargain. Apply MISS SULLI OW oA i a “Tis
BC rR ELS $F
and SDI OA al Tony or prom SS exchange Tor ib: crossed with Pte Fred, Lovegrove,

S85 M/ p
Wil_he_ sold cheap. Apply MISS MARY (or LAFRAMBOISE, Auld P. 0 Phone |Who was wounded some lfttle time ago.
Be - 1H 3 + |Saturday, Mrs. J. B. Wilson, St. Arn-
3 of Anderdon; fairly well fu FOR SALE—Uuantity of Egypilan wheat [aud street, received a message Bay-
nt and will bo sold for" 81 for Jad 3 a pr Anh hing mpl, Ing that her son, Corp. Harry O'Brien
4 We oki = 3 Wilson, had been admitted. to 22 Gen-

cash, The owner (8 leaving, Apply a Jen A
"FOR BALE—A largo two-storey house | eral hospital, Camieres, August 28th,

ULLIVAN. Soy Eins
FOR 25-acre farm With EOC land Jot corner Richmond and George Sist|with gunshot wound In the Jeff leg.
Apply to JOHN RYAN, corner Brock and | Corp. Wilson went over with. the 7th

house sna large ly al 0 ge Dec, oad
buildl About miles from town; Sis I! a]

near and chidrch. Price reasonablo. | Nurray Sts, dr P. 0. Box 231, Amherst- | 'M' B'Yhree yenrs ago, In the com-

“FOR SALE—Jot facing park, Sandwich (PONY were the following well known

valk, | local boys, among others: Clafre

MARY SULLIVAN. PL ai
FOR SALE—S-room house and lot, just Amherstburg, 60°x180¢, pavement, si
and sewer connections.” Desirabe*bullding | Ferriss, George Hamilton, George
ep, for, quick gale, “CN01 Nattress, - Corwin ® Thomas, Ed. Bal

Andrew Carnegle's words concerning saving

should carry weight. He has tried it and he
knows. He says:

OR §
Ws on_river front, 3 acres of ground.
MISS M. SULLIMAN:

ers’ Association, together - with the
Agricultural Representatives of Es-
| aon Kent, Lambton, Norfolk, Middle

—A letter was read in all Catholle
churches of the ‘Dominion, Sunday,

from Vicar General (O'Connor, asking aria)
the co-operation of |the parishioners | 88X and’ Elgin, and President and re-

fn a patriotic drive to raise funds for f presentative of the Lambton * Corn

the Catholic Huts! Association. A per- | Growers’ Assoclation, was held at the
Soon SE whl be made by ha | office of the Ontario Corn Speclalist,

Jocal members of thd K. of C. between | Chatham, on Saturday, September 7th.

September 16th and $3rd. These huts, | Representative corn growers were

as 15 well known, are ®écreation cen- | present from each of five counties
ters for all the men in khaki in the |The seed corn situation was discusasd

fighting zone, irrespactive of creed. and the fact revealed that there was

—Three rinks of bowlers from Am. |1€88 than twenty-five per cent. of On-
herstburg took in the Wheatley Bow): | tarlo grown seed planted in these
ng. tournament at Leamingion on counties last spring. Every Indication,

Monday and stayed in the game until at the present, points to a matured
nearly the finish, ‘The prizes were SFOP Of fairly good corn from these

b RE WOI br . E. | native varieties, Much of it Is being
Barber's riak, of Byeex, with FS, | cut in Busex ind Kent at. the present

Moss, of Leamington, runners up, | time. Practically all of It fs out of
The second found Laing and Broad, of frost danger now. The growers think
Windsor, in the semifinals, and they [that very little. of the imported
decided to play thb final game in| Southern corn will got ripe in Ontario
Windsor. Owing td the lateness of! Is year. A fair percentage of the

ITO od Tro. ha 5 ola:
the season the — attendance was not C2 FE g from he fitars of Dela
very large. | ware wou ripen; bu 8 uneven

—A Quiet house wedding took place | and none of it Is considered a good

Tuelday' morning, September. 3rd, ‘at {©0rn_for Ontario. !
the home of R. A.yMeéNaughton, 42 Nearly very farmer who has corn
Plerre avenue, Windsor, when his eld- of the native varietfes, realizes that
ost daughter, Rachel Adeline, became there Is a great demand for this corn
the bride of George Mafsey, of Walk- for seed purposes. . There is also a
erville, son of Robert Malsey, of Am- great demand for {t'for feed, and the
herstburg.. The cegefony was per- expression of the meeting was quite
formed by Rev. H. A. Graham, Walk- evident, that unless the ETOWRr was
ervillo. After the wedding breakfast assured of a reasonably fair price, in
Mr. and Mrs. Mais Jeft for a trip view of the extra labor required in
to Toronto .and eastbrn points
turning, they, visited, hin parents yes-
terday (Thursday).
—The public of Amherstburg neven
miss an opportunity of showing their
liberality towards all causes of a
patriotte nature. _ During the past
week (he Labghters of the Empire
carried on thelr campaign: for the Navy
Leagwo. Under conditionp that were
sometimes not pleasant théy canvassed
the Whole town selling tags; standing
on the street corners from early morn-
ing till late In the evening, but were
rewarded for thelr unselfish devotion
to duty by a generous response, The
total amount collected for this worthy

=  —— e500 80, the magnificent. sum of
of hs. tk
Navigable Walers Protection Act. —Thére was a very large enrollment
——— of puplly at the reopening of St. Jos-
© R. 8. C. Chapter 118. eph’s’ Academy and “Separate school
on Monday. Every child seemed glad
to met back to work again and, the
stall of eight teachers has mapped out
8 big list of studies for the whole a  r—
term. There are over 30 boarding pu- THE JUNIOR CHAUTAUQUA. |
pills from ‘Detroit, Petite Cote, Wind- |
for, McGregor, Amherstburg and sur- One of the outstanding features’ of
I9Uhding localities. 27 advanced pupils j the Chautauqua recently with us was
taking 1:2 _school aud commer, thg presentation of the chfffiren's
2iZup Wor" The Blstora haye | pageant by the members of the Junior
leat reason to be.gratifiod with the | Chautauqua, ‘Friday _ aflernoon and’
large number who have entered the |evening under the direction of Miss a

i a I
Music clas; . «| Johnston, . who won golden opinions

COME. QUICK!
day pF ibis gel foo) Joong, Mon o a oF ironies he Sus ; . : : 3 2 F
Binder Twine for Corn.”
oh i : : ~~

“FOR EVERY DOLLAR YOU CAN
PRODUCE AS A RESULT OF HARD
EARNED SAVINGS, MIDAS, IN
SEARCH OF A PARTNER, WILL LEND
ON CREDIT A THOUSAND. * IT IS NOT
CAPITAL THAT MEN REQUIRE: IT IS
THE MAN WHO HAS PROVED THAT
HE HAS THE BUSINESS HABITS
THAT CREATE CAPITAL.”

27th, with gunshot wound in the right
leg. From the short time Pte. Jones
has been away It seems) ncredible that
he should be on the firlog line. He

Suppose you begin forming business habits
by placing your first.déposit with us to-horrow.

IMPERIAL BANK OF CANADA

Amherstburg Branch, C. A. CUDDY, Manager
Harrow Branch - -  P. T. Clark, = Manager

 

of it would bg,.fed instead of being
saved for weed. It was felt that the
demand would far exceed the supply,
and that prices: woud be gaod; but
that some @xpresfion from this meet-
ing should be given to the members
of the Cora Growers. Association. thag
every ear of corn fit for seed migh
be saved, accordingly the
regalution, was passed: :

+ Resolved, that the Ontario Corn
Growers’ Assoclation In session to-
day, go on record and advise all its
members that the avallable Ontario
grown corn for seed In the spring of
1919 will be inadequate to meet the
demand for Ontario;

That the scarcity demands that ev-
ery. bushel of good corn should be
saved «this fall; 4

That in comparison with prices of
other seed grains and the scarcity of
labor in savigg thé crop this fall, we
think that corn should be at least Five
Dollars ($5.00) per bushel.

sold ri

 

— (his left arm. All the relatives and

“FOR SALE or TO RENT—IHous and 1ot-triards of the <goldlers are anxiously

on Richmond stregs, Amherstburg, Two A
bedrooms, Ving. © difitng room, kitch. | Waltng for details in connection with

on, summer Kitoheh, el: Apply to GOR- | thelr casualties. e
DON BONDY, Phone tit. 7! Mra! Fred. Bailey, of Windsor, re
LC SALE--ay 8 nL Thar vary 1 = gelced n gable last. Friday stating that
s 4 | her son, Pte. Howard, formerly of Am-
Hersh rE: ne BA REET, Adnan |herstburg, had® been. admitted to No.
Ist r Margaret Menzies Estate, Davis{26 General Hospital, France, on Aug-
Building, Windsor 3 — |ust 28th, with gunshot wound in left
hand, ;

following

Large Galvanized Pails, 8-quart
“ (Imperial) size. Were 60 Cts.

WILL BE SOLD

Saturday & Monday

outside. town; 49, Joet Jrontige, runs 10
channel banks 340, feet doep. OW rable
Jeavin Nanty 2 Se Prot MISS M. Apply at x
SUMUINAN, ong TTT Te = hdi6-pa; 3 — (tour, Wilfrid Smith, Harry and Chas.
—_ = = n of FOR SALE—Overiand  5-passenger tour- | »
on Tho George Foster Tar Of | ing car, figh condition, one extra tite, run | Middlediech, and in spite of the fact
20, acres an Malden: Andordon, TOWNINCE 4 | Tess than 0.000 miles.” J.°A. STANEE. 336 (that they have been in all the big em
Suthulldings, = Apply MARY  SULLIVA Sindsor Ave..near Giles Blvd, Windsor. | gagoments during. all this time, he
Amhersibu Fone 48. : FOR BALE—A Diack mare 7 years, and | WAS the first reported wounded. But
FOR SALE—Large lot on Nort a black horse 8° years; weight about 1400 [08 indicative that other friends are im
£0 fost ffontige, 143, feut dec) i, aplece, Apply W. GRANT, 4rd Con- |it now, Monday morning W, J, Smith
Whi Be Bold reasonable. Apply ML h jderdon, or to Owen Bondy. received a message: telling him ‘that
SULLIVAN, Amliorstburg. -_Fhone 20 “FOR | 2000 PUTS bred Fepiste | aon, Plo, Wilfrid Frances Smith
ar ie m, Kitehen nreo yéars old,’ good and Nas Sgtlopely 1 at No. 3 General
on i ser (MProvements, Rofristored map| Rap : straport, Seplember Ind,
also nice garden, Will b sonable. Shy with gunshot wound which fractured
MISS-M. SULLIVAN. =
“FOR SALE—Cottage On 1ho WUst sido of
Sandwich - Street, with parlor and 3 bed-
roams, dining 0tn an fishes, witn al}
de mprovements; good sized
Wil Tn on reasbnable; good terms. MIE
M. SULLIVAN.” % a
FOR BALE—Large building on the el
side~of Dalhousie ‘Street, known the
Fraser ‘Roller Rink;.all oak floors; size
120x560 feet. Would bo suitable fof a
moving Diture snow or. bowling alle
Will be 801d cheap. MARY N, PF.

curing of this seed, corn, that much

 

FOR BALE—1 steel range,” used two
months, will burn wpod or eoal, with 156

0. 3 Fort Siréel. Ph

oh ; esidenge on T= | lengths’ of pipe: also | round stove (Tur-
with Iargé lawn, 00 Teer frontage by 190°] 118); 1 dresser and commodg, hand made
réot deep. House—3 bed rooms, double

and caryed, natural oak. Must bo sold at
riors, dining-room, kitchen. ane of the | once for cash or note, Agply to L. BERT-
est Tobagions in tow cing river front. L

RAND'S Furniture one 20. x
Apply MARY SULLIV. art Stregt, Box 0 SALE—100 afd Term, 3rd eolpes.
3 "phone 206. sl Ei nv house, full basement
: > 20x25; lying dining room a

pALE—0 —0na Of Jue fnest houses ont ich, downstairs bedroom:s3 Ups nereby gives notice that (F has, under
fy Street; recapiion: Dall, dannia Sall black clay tion 7 of the said ACK deposited. with the
parloes, ining room, kitcher, pli _finfsh

n o

Mlvhigan Alkall Company, of the

City
angdofte, in the Stafe af Mien),

p nished Jed; he “¢ | Minister of’ Public Works at Ottawa ang
i, Gl Boge wi Bh pti rine, Mond oply x. SULLVEN ct bre Regliret of Bhd Hor
Slosen rar) and dower verandalil) FOR. SALE—{00-acro far é or. Aa Zerintlon Of the sie maa aT or
{ er; Tar 0, Bet of terms. | 2, Andordon Township. This 1S a plendid jo line DFOPased 10 be laid under ing
Urn! Fort pirect 10, Tar pein ner i v ew, bulldings; or Detroit from a polit in the State of | are
’ : D, prict 3" god | Michigan 10. Fighting Island in the said
ten-room house; = two orchard 4 | County ‘of Essex. aig
th hose and Hl Ae — kil v, SE Re
L of the house - -
{ Fel 3 And Take Notice that aliof the expir-
eka to (Wubi pTAD In February, Easy ation of an ‘month from the fate of the

facing river;
Apply. MARY
BOR Se

 

Pe :

ut CDHIN . first publication of ‘this notice, the' said
HRONDIN, Grosse lle, Mich, Clb Chatlel Michigan all -Clmpany will under Sec.

N ——— tion 7 of the said” Act apply (0 the Minister

~ vey . or Public Works at his office in the Cit;
LOSTS=An automabilé chain, between FOUND

Labor D Rel Ca BR LE

! or Harrow, on Day. plan, or le - 1

Xna ae” wil please Lonny HENRY VOL" | “eoyNp—in Amherstburg, a lady's “lag. |pipe line. a : .

LARS; A » 0. -Phune 147 sor can got ame at The Echo Ofce, | 1yy0g ag windsor, Ontario, this 4th day
LONY-=Siiver sVEaE otro Ving" 108s. of September, 1048. JET “ The. resignation of Miss r- | It opened with a Roman tableau, Miss [fe

of Hrunnor, Mond Hospital. Re- | “ga inpn — Near the Canard bridge, 8 lady's MICHIGAN. ALKALI COMPANY Tender, Miss McLachlin, and M Esther Rogers repghsenting the god-

ward will bs i to olice of fyoglien_facket. Loser can gel ‘same "al 10A2 api licitors, ' | Btyson were filled near the opening |dess Minerva and the childrén bore

G. 8, RUTH RD, Brunner, Mond Co. FIED. alok: river front, Malden, on BARTLET, bs ik ’ kL, on a grand through a misunder-|her peace offerings, kono wink In dances

LOS —On towiiline Dotween Anderdon i * ) 5 stay them” returned to fand trials of str Miss Elizabeth

on between Anderdon | 28 WO 0 m urn and trials of strength. Miss Elizal

ny Maiden, ES Ts 8. loose Teal noo | STRAVED Erom FWY a ‘téAch 20 days The Hoard found them- | Hough rendered the principal’ recita:

book of no value Xo snyono but The, Gurier; or please’ notify 0. PILLOR,« Vireker. selves Monday morning with two ex- [tlon and Lauralousio Price danced.

Finder please rtur, Echo Ofc, : rs wore |. Winning ‘peacé was represented by

The staff {s comprised of B. Pearce, | ferent exerc{sés during the short time

Principal, and assistants | Ruby [they were tnder ‘her tuition. The

Tongd, Miss Crawford, “Miss Hum-|pageant was patriotic in its naturé:|ee
rigs. Miss Cora Grant, Miss Miss Harriet Price was at the plano. : Fi
Fant. -

 

. H. JONES "5:

AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO.

Fhioje 114-111.

ne

08

Ceiling and Wal} Electrie™
tures from $2.00 up.,
8, Shades, Irons, Toasters,

Percolators, Flash ' Lights, ge od

Lite, Pull.Chaln, Key and
Sockets. Ph,

era on hand, but.
uiisi by. paying them. ‘a balt|Miss Canadn, this part bing taken by

monti)y. heir!
160K Itmmedikaa effect. oth sre. take
ing Bjineia) courses’ (n To h :

Mer season bdo was

to a close on Sunday. - It was
and ne ar day ’ry
: he foe

Miss Florence Jones coming up on the
stage escorted by a group of Maple
Leaf boys and girls wiho-danced wid
sang “Oh Canada,” little Edith Healoy
Jeading inthe solo, Miss Canadas, who
wore a patriotic costume, had her
Sain borne by little Bobby Kitchen

Gwendolyn Qverholt, who escort
ed her to the throne. The Red Cross

followed in a pretty drill and
ar fon the Home Fires Burning.”

tion of the
ou would hope.

¢

 
