   
 
 
   
   
   
    
    
       
 

1c fuce, as she dVkod eal ly tp the
Iittle ‘worker fu blue, apparently un-
conscious that he! Suiden lmpulde bad
first astounded oid Wen knit together
In kindly sympathy 8% entire car of

strangers.
“By Jove! that ¥a8 0 great thing to

do,” #ald Tom .thusjnstically, when
the tension ot an Absorbing {uterest |
had subsided a little.

“Yes, I pever saw its equal,” replied
John, After n momen(® hestitation he
added: *1 should like © know that
«| girl. Do you suppose we could find

y out who she 18%"
¥ T WAS the Saturday be- “We can fgg" his friend replied;
f fore Christmag, The | “Put why do You wpit to know?”
winter's day was fost “Well, I do,” John paswered curtly.
disappearing as Tom Tom glanced guizziesly at him and
Danvers and John Hard- | smiled to himself. mis wis another
ing stepped out of the phase of John he Ww

club and joined the mov- qualnted with, When the cur reached
the retlway tation where John and

ing holiday crowd. For . 9 ° ’ : ;

an hour they hada |Xom were going to take a train for HP

watched it through the Tom's sybychan home, the two women t S au 1n Soa F on iz

window as they smoked and talked, also left the car. They went straight : \ .
to the ticket window. Tom took out Pre

and Tom, while he had been much 3
amused at John's cynical comment, 0s mation book snd passed it Bl ets t at S ry i
"i ank h h inks an

had taken it all as an joke, for John
wos never pessimistic. Now, as they “Yon fallow them and I will Join
wnitked down the crowded thorough- you," he whispered, the spirit of mis-

fare conversation was d|ficult, and chief apd adventure HOW. Pos nd JF
John was unusually silent, Recalllng him. Having bought thelr tickets, iy st1 ens t ec1m
bits of phrases In thelr recent con. | Women turned from the window god ne

vorsation, it suddenly occurred to | bursied to the train. ‘Abere in the

Tom that there had been an upac: | same car Tom found thé all. — And using ordinary “soap lo wash them
customed tone, even a note of bitter he ex-

“Welt, it this lsn't luck,” : :
Hoss. underi¥ing the smile and lightly | claimed, as soon us he wns Seated: That was the old way of washing. and it was
spoken words of his oldest and best | Aud then, with the air of a boy burst- ruinous for woollens. ;
ol . wTReY are ; ; ; :
ing with news, be sald: “THEY Wool fibre consists of tay overlapping scales

friend, whom he felf he knew as he
olng to D—" .
Roig to like the scales of a fish. When you rub or twist

  
  
    

 
  
    

 
 
  
 

GASTORIR =
For Infants and Children, E

Mothers Know That
Genuine Castoria

  

     
     
  
       

 
  

  

   
   
     
     
 
     
    
 

Hl ee progr iat ;
I AVegetablc Preparstionior
i Budty

RI cnitating the! |
Blincvcsasuiiesd Bears the

     
    
  
   
    
    

 

 
  
  
 

  
  
 
 
 
 

as just getting ac

 
 
       
  
   
 
            
   
 
 
    
   
          

In
Use
For Over

How to wash blankets

Use two tablespoonfuls of Lux to a
gallon of water, Dissolve in boiling or
very hot water, whisk into a thick
{ather, then put the blankets in, and
stir with a smooth stick. Let them
soaktill the water has cooled enough
for the: hands to bear with comfort.
Then squeeze the suds through the

 

 
   
 
    
     
   
   
   
 
   
   
  
 
 
  
  
  

 
  
    
  
  
   
    
  
  
  
  
  
  
    
      
    
 

 
  
   
    
  
   
  
  
 
   

 

 
    
     
  
 
  
 
 
 
    
   
    
     
 
 

 

    

 
 

  
 
 

 
  

 
 

  
 

     
     
 
 
 
  
  

 

    
    
        
     
    
 
   
   
    
   
   
   
 
 
 
  

   
 
 
  

 

  

 
  
 

 

 
  
  
  

       
  
  
  
  
   

    
     
   
    
 
   
  
 
  
   
   
  
  

%
A » did. himself. At “the thought. he
looked sharply and plercingly at him, “Yes, 1 know It,” Harding replied. h bh
irt = 8 a I S but the strong, resolute profile hore But as be vouched no information and waollens,when you use ordinary soaps conlain- blankets: Do not rub,
no frace of* the evnlcism af the Jast did not scem inclined to talk: Tom ing glkali ox other strong shepagoe agents. tsar «~} Riise hice limtria ccavWater of the
- : tm = A LB BR ar pad he, ODES EER Duper and prompts tiny scales shrink and interlock, and your same lemperature that you washed tho
It wos Just Imogination, Tom. con- [19 forgot the whole affair, wnt he woollens become stiff, matted and shrunken. blankets in. Dissolve a little Lux in
cluded. wae abruptly. called back by = With Lux there's no rubbing. Only sousing in the rich, the Yast rinsing water, but do not beat
As they stood walting for a crogs- “Tom, I cannot tell you when o pure father, and gently pressing the suds through the into a lather. This leaves the blankets
| towm.enr anobsersant and clever beg thing so (mpressed me gs hat did"— soiled pants, Lux comes jg delicate flakes, which dis- oi. *sdfuiter Ha
! gur appronched, Tom answered the as If there could be but edie “thot.” aclve instantly in hot water and whisk up into a wonder- a hits Put throug
HE CEANTAUS COMPANY, HEW YON CITY. appeal with n col “That?" asked Tom, a ttle puzzled, fulsther, Lux is so pure, that it wan't shrink even the a ings. ay
. “Not from me,” sald John, in a dis- | Then, “Oh, 1 thought you did not he. alizate wool Shres. : out. Dry in the
approving: tans. x lieve in that kind of <harity—sympa- Warh ydur blankets this year the Lux way} Have them shade.
“Oh, well, It's: Christmas time,” sala | thetic and sentimental, 1 think you like new agoin. Your grocer or department store has Lux.
Tom. called It,” he teasingly reminded him
“Yes, that's just {t, and he Knows remembering the crisp Hill John bad
> {1 and makes caplfal of (It (8 sym- dropped ip the tambourine. ;
! 3 pathetic or raat charity, and “Ql, that is nltogether different,” LEVER BROTHERS LIMITED
WwW T W ILKINSON 1 don't approve of It.” John answered, half defiantly. TORONTO
hd ’ “Upon my word, Tom, you are fun- “Yes, different because & pretty girl
» ny thisltermoon, What Is the mat- | made this appeal, an ©ld man the
YL ter with you? First you condemn other,” laughed Tom, “Buf, (ell me,
4 how do you adjust yowr ncts to the:
I & Real Estat "on
| “Oh, theories, the dlickens! What
nsurancc €a S a C are they ever compared: 10 nets? Aod
% x that act this afternoon wns a spon-
. topeous expression of ithe true Chrlst-
‘ p mas spirit, from which springs the de-
ei Money to Loan on Mortgage gire to hedp, to bring some joy to a
Sr Jot of poor unfortumates, because ‘It's
iy Christmas, “you ¥mow,'” he quoted i =
SPECIAL---Brick Collage for Sale. softly. “It was; The real thing, and EB :
’ 1 BURG everybody in thie car felt it.” 657 a J ba pi
Phoao 97 i AMHERST ‘And haying, as It were, justifh 18 C i d { C d P i { i A th
position and interest, he fooked across ar 0a 0 ara 0C 0 d 0es ITIVING IS

 

at the uheconsgious subject of thelr re-

a 0
mt T a ee |! DS » marks. Tmhy she was good to look at,
SESE, though at present all be dould see wus

“HARROW LUMBER YARD. ACEC

copperfihbrown hair turning to dul
gold where the western sun struck it,
We have the material and give satisfaction. The old saying”
f of the pudding is in the eating.”

   
 
 
  

 

Week.  Primest Ontario Stock.

Get your Orders in TO-DAY for Winter
We can guarantee every potato. ne

 

 

J SRE iB

| and eyes, that with her mood, he knew,
varied fron hazel to brown. A verlt-
able gem of g girl, he thought, as she i. ?
oka migustig her furs, With am | Heke 1% ERC PEL Sal rea
intuitive feeling of understanding her, Rt ubmestie, : B

Jenin epstanding her, § iq which will, rejoice tho heart of

 
 
 
 

 
     
     
       

 
      
         
 

 

   

 

  
    
   
   

   
  
 

         
    
    
 

 

               
   

 

 

  
  

 

A
i applies to this, “The prov
We have always on hand for salo—Lumber, Shingles, Lath,
Lime, Beaver Board, Cement, Coal, Seaman-Kent «Polished Floor he furpned to Tom. : a rl 1 ! i
Ing of all kinds ol Hardwood. “Don't mention the-aflalr to anyone, | | 2 hia boy. is about eighteen
Wo manufacturs Storm Windows, Storm Doors, Sash; snd all not even Mary, for it would nat plense x hes 159 Aud 1s t up on A frame x :
kinds of Moulding required in building a haute, her. Tam sure” he added, os the train o Wool that supports a sual rod 8 .
Wo do ait kinds of Carpenter work and Contracting, a will pulled up at 2 po Mig 3 te Jon fo pay A + y
be pleased to give an estimate or price on any kind of work, Arge wiita- CHA aeg¥ os. iy SH Fition was lip oh had tin od ms he geo oie : :
or small. ; : : just finished. greeting Mrs. Dunvers, |e sna tone a avi . I : ; y
v = 3 women, then you denounce this happy | when Billy Grant's deep voice broke ; 3 an and § pped over tacks in 3 y
- pottdny crowd as 0 ‘Passing show, } in: “Hello, Harding; glad to see you,” the sides of the supporting frame. A ig
and now this poor beggar. It's well | a5 they shook hands. Hgtle fing, ® pale of paper goldiers and . -
wr | 0 Ey i | ek ave ioe (5 Carload of Cement also just Ari d
While; ou need. the home fufuence | apa Daners also ved fu Don @ military career a Balt inate arload of Cement also- just Arrive

'

and—by Jove! you neo a wile! Hat {Iv anew i
{8 the antidote for ydu, old fellow,” | 4 ass aud . beat, op after he dlscavers ft. Tho tent 1s ensy
he concluded, emphasizing kis convic- Ly ow Or B make and the soldiers are cut out
‘th a sla » bock. to 4 at printed paper.
Han Suh al ap ony tie ar oy hing ® while Tom and John were bowing
No. thank Soul was tao ugh ag in acknowledgment to “Mrs. North |
reply as they stepped aboard the car. w Ehalie 4 o
Tt was well filled. . Across from the and Miss North,” their host chnfted on, ——— -
friends sot two good-looking wamen, nhont, its belong “hoa In pula Silk Shopping Bag
avldbtiy mother and dnughter. Next | have met at the other end of the ling, }
io We. younger, woman sat.n sweet: a5 Jong 0s they huppened to bé on the ;
= A same train”
face Salvation Army. girl, ‘with her i
fambouripe In her lap. Her plnin Noney North threw a quick glance
dark blue dress was in mnorkel con- at Harding, but atnerwise no outward
(rat. to the fashionable suit and | S1gn was given, as he walked with her
% (I pC they had ever scen one
santiful furs of the ladles besidadver. | 10 the car, that 3
bea another @before or that the same

Suddenly the younger of the. two
: e thought was In the minds of both, but

turned and spoke to ber. She’ sills
ingly responded and shook “her head) John was so strangely elated that Miss

but as the other continued to urge A North's color deepened each time she
tooked up and met his smiling eyes.

{ : . v
wigtful look came into the Army girl's
da n : “Now, don't you fellows Jeep our

face as she glanced about the car, ‘
“No, no,” they, pend: her say; “tie dridge waiting tonight,” called Graat,
conductor would nat allow me. The | 08 he gave the signal to start. J

rules are very strict.” - she ndded in TH guarantee our arrival on time,
explanation. For 4 moment or &o.| Grant.” answered John, well satisfied

there was silence. and over the faves with the arrangement, whether it was
chance dr fate, for somewhere within

 

f

    
  
  
   
    
  
  
    
  
 
  
  
   
   
  
  

 

 

 

 

 

 

“Heavy. heavy hangs over
your head.”

 

«0, [know what it is,
wer !  you.held it too close and |

| mei it—ir's WRIGLEY'S!”

   
  
    
   

    
 
       

  

       
    
   
       
 
   

    
   
  
    
    
  
  
  
   
  

 
  

  
  
  
     
 
       
   
    
    
   
   
   
   
  
 
  

 

  

 
   

    

 

   

  

  
 
   
   
  
       
   
    

  

  

  
     

   
  
  
  
 
   
   
  

 

   
  
  
 
  

   
       
   

   

      
   
  

       
   

     

           

   

  
   

» ’ your 2 af both showed disappointment. a Kya i
% . —_— 1 on suddenly the younger wauinm, m something wn nj ert,
A ‘ “Righto. sonny give ; | ok a color  afmising har lovely tantalizingly Spe: Sonate y
» oi A di ) ¥ 5 ut up ho tabourine id, hopeful, nbd the feeling of the nfter-
; nd digestion 3 ¢ io a or Io It, start&] daogn | Doon that had expressed itself -In
kie the car, dznoring the shocked and px- | cynicism and manifested itself in Tobe
postulating “Nancy I" and the dein lin¢ss was gone. .
ng hand of her astonished companion, At the wedding reéeption of John
. - Passing from passenger to passenger, | Harding ary Haney North, six, outs Xa ; 5 Tw Eh
she extended the mmbonrine, always} later, many the guests were curious = Wi Fi .
x Bin, re «mile and “It's Chrisunas, | as fo the presence in the gny nssem- Wholesale Dealers in Grain and Seeds. ta
vou know," or some iittic word, untit] Plage of pucsts of a sweet-faced Httle a “a ONT. ARIO. - ;
each ong felt it a privilege to contrld- | woman In the dres§ of the Salviition a - )
Ute something. AB sho dumed by hel Army, who was the recipient of much | Whoever she ls, she will love this
door the conductor stepped forward attention from the bride and groomy | whopping bag of taffeta sik with its |
J with, “Please, miss, I want (© add { and was quite n center of attraction} celiulold mountings, but If It. matches ; : = ; : Ed Se
i something to that, toa.” "| as sbe related again and aga the Ye | her, strect sult in color her joy in it ) !
Wt oY Fjushing, she. exclaimed, «Qh! thank | markable story of that December s2t- § wail Yu completds This one 1s of navy A SW fo ) aD Lo
wn you so much.” _ernoon, after which al looked With | blue taffeta nes with bright red taf-
bt "She passed on fo hier Seat andre | renter tnterest sd dest odd why | feta. The celluloid founting 1s of the -
2X turned to ite owner the tambonrind, In the array of handsome and costly | same red and 50 Is the jong silk tnssel,
- hint never Sefore had recived contrt wedding gifts au old and battered taw- he bag is suspended by n strap of
PI putions 80 promptly and cheerfully bourine occupied the place of honor. the navy silk.
Tried bestowed. xp 8 — # - a
- } John Hardog's hand had: gone at — > dost Er | a ay X .
i: once into bik pocket when he realized 1 Sho atond beneath the o he ; “SORE” AT oh
what the GIN was doing, and now ht Aniahe wa Ia pom, ‘end 09 PRISONER ‘SORE. f DISCOVERERS . ee —
was Watching her with dn almost Jue: We Wh as Janko M08 i : beard? 2 \ RT
IE A ! TRAE Pittsburgh, December nov | All kinds of Farm Mach
A ? h ;

  

Danio} L. Marsh, just returned
{ the western front atte a six months’

vialt, tells thls tory.

~~ aavance be D
cent. ov eS Phoss:
