   
  
   

   

   

 

Tish iy DEATH OF GORE ATKIN.
5
fb Eco “ Gore AtEm. oidest 21 mite cltizen-of
Published by Amtentburg sad the oldest man in
THE ECHO PRIATING CO., Limited | Sout: Essém pissed peicefully away |

t his Go corner » Seymore ard
IOHN A. AULD, = A. W. MARSH, | bis Lome iE 1D

President. :8ec.-Treas. | Simcoe streets.

  
 

i Is a Policy of This Store tg Have
Complete Summer Underwear
Stocks During the Entire
Hot Weather Period.

So if you have a quick call for Summer Underwear, you cin

 

Hon. N. W. Rowell, President of the | Ina of Femariadie y > r
Privy Coungll, who has baa abroad | BP 10 the vary list £I3 Sh Sods
tals summer dn connection wilh war [Was surprising for one who had atialn

work. arrived home this week.

  

Henry Ford claims that he wil have
63.000 bushels of wheat on has prop-
erties lying ‘between the lake and his
manufacturing plant In Detraft

iti Erb

 

  

     

   

   

imagine the satisfaction of being able to secure what you want If The Dominlon Governriant has ap-
you have certain preferences, it Is a simple matter to satisfy them proved a regulation dra®m by the Feo?
All the various Summer welghts are still to be had, In most sizes Coaotroller, providing tha! coal or +.
both regular and extra large, and—bear this In mind—prices provide oll shall not be furnished t5 any prov |
the same sailsfylng valves as at the bezinning of the season. for we | » yacht for any purpose except for
bought large quantities sosas to avoid as much as possible replenis alley fuel or to enable it 1o r a

shortest course

 

ing at advanced pric 3 home oo by the

     

 

 

 

Smart, Desirable Bathing Suits
At $2.50 to $10.00.

month, or to batt i fine

An extra of
124 on Friday

      
 
    
 
 
 

At any of these. prices yon can secure one of the newes: model tion removin
Bathing Suits mgde of moha ) under the mill
calarlv de liability to pun
A parjcularly d for duty between

and they FIT.. The st)
fashionable resorts this season
Pp ses at onc: as It will be fmposs
o “

 

241 It is recog
wiao failed to rt because of lack
of a proper uaderst tandin FY of the Act |ed sucha gre.: aze. His illness dated

     
 

 

 

er the present Jot has will ba glad and willing to do 50 If a) from a wear .7o last Christmas, but
Wool knit and vefy popular......... oe Re $5.95 to 6.95 period of grace is allowed. Mea who | he was confin | to ded since Decem-
¥ 1 d 1 ard b 2
t a5 deserters acd af * | ber last 2

        

 

bb

  
  
  
   
   

 

Clearance i in Trimmed Hats

All Panamas 1emaining HALF PRICE.

 

Choice $3.75

-

Choice 32.95

ae, Macdonald & Gow

riding as

   
  

 

RRR RR AR

   
 

 

     

 

 

   

LIMITED. ity and a st
dwich St. East and 16 Ougelletfe Ave. Sars Atkin Dad :
. 0 . CROC SON CCN CR v t fe, until age manded that he relax
Sela . CB BBM FA ers or | bis activities He was a native of
a a a Pa Elizabeth tow hip, Leeds county, his

  

 

 
 

October 14th, “1821

oth ‘members of the
and he was a mem-
deg in the Methodist

r 70 years. He was or-

bi rth day be

   

Sewer (Crock and Tile

 
 
 
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
 
   
     
 
  

ined as a |
| tas the main tay

 

    
   
 
 

5 the first Met
We carry an immense stock of aan fot SE dn. §
cc lr | a @ teres: enlc aff 8
these necessities. 2 Sens Toe ot t oh Spd 1854
«| 10 1871 and W County in

7 | 1868. When
{apart as a rid
Liberal candid
lature, but-fll iis
nem. © The con s |
rrow = Thursday, December 31st,
and among the names brought
ore the eonvention besides MreAt-
kin's were Jolin C. Ifur, of Colchester;
J. H. Morgan. of Anderdon, and T. J
| Elliott, of Windsor, Prominently iden-
tifled with the co ention: were such
we known 1 Iwarts as
James Howle. Jo anan, Jo! n
x 53 and Alanso
and Robert Lamar
I have lonz sluce gone af
urned tof reward. “Mr Atkin was married on
a | November 5th, 1548, to Hannah Lypps,
I igh {at Old Cliri hurch. Colchestér, by
ugced at Mrs. |'Rev. Fran Gore Elliott, and they
3 postponed un- f had a family of twelve. Two dled fi
August 22nd | infancy; the others are as follows:
in the Method- | Meivina and Lucy; at home; George,
v be witidrawn- during | Detrolt; “Adeline. Mrs. FS.
of August. on account of the | Amhe arg; Walter, of Colclie
k ar ” Ea Annje;- Mrs. A. E. McGee, of
t and Mrs. Percy | Lov Sask.; Emma, Mrs. L.. W.
are visiting their | Sheploy. Anderdon; Robert and G.
Mrs. Wm. Frénch, | Edzar, Malden; Wellingtons Amherst-
ved In Malden. burg. All but Mrs. McGee wére at the
er of the people In| funeral. In April, 1881, Mr. and Mrs
attended the funeral of | Atkin and tielr two daughters retired
reé Atkin on Wednesday,

Essex was se
vas nominate 4 as

    

Farmers Get Your o Orders in Early.

Delive n and slow.

      

   
 
 
  

 
  

Building Material

#Building Material of all kinds should now
be ordered. Let us EFnow your requirements

J. W. GIBB

Phone 75 AMHERSTBURG

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

    
  
 

   

   

RA eS EEE EERE
WE nV RS EA Le

 

8
;
x
og
ole
I
x
:

 

    
  
  
 
   

 

             

 
 
  
  

 

 

  

 

 

  

 

   
 

 
   
   
 

   

 

 
     

 
  

 

 

 

   
   

  
  
    
 
 

   

PONCE TSU ISRO SUCRE SRN CI 0) foogesecfesiosiorortectestortocfestortes; G tbarg, where in 1598 ‘they
bold LL RRR RO RR 2 Atkin was favorably known fn this eir goldens wedding, and
EA A Ld jon 65th anniversary. Mra.
4 We have just received an oyerstock of x r.and Mrs. G. L. Pardo, Mr, and to her reward January
Mrs. Gordon Pardo, Mr. and Mrs rs ago, in the 8Sth™ year
to 9 i Cary Pardo, of Cedar Springs. spent i: The Atkin family is of
El 3. | the past week visiting the Mjckles and | English extraction and descends from
+ + other relatf In Malden. a long line of prominent JAUCEstors
; i A Red ; meeting Wilebe held went to Iretand with” Cromvell
v next Tomrsd t Sudgday school ‘protectorate. Their first
os UNION-MADE = No. 2. We ha 4590! flannel- in Ontarjo was in 1817, and
or os fine rik 360, rth of yarn and ttled i Tilden during 1837 .
* o- | 57 i of cratanne for cofhfort bags.. ANDERDON. or
A . ole nd Mrs. Caarles Grant, of Rev. H. A. Wri
: ; ¥ ght's subject at Trin-
I “ o | Be hid gin un and oe Ox = i inewi, on Sunday afternoon wiil
i > I o Hb a hie Tha Satie 1 Camonfiaged.”
3 x ones 9% A ol Bears this visitors ot Owen Bondy's
A. ) Biel I A PT iHuURES Sti s and Mrs. Henry Boussey,
= oe - : Mra t
X | are a wogg wate wits rotativen | 7 £00 15 CFboraton and two lic
is g : + iki a Bon RAE lie; Mrs. Daniel * Bondy, are
+ The nicest kind of alot, and to clear are offering I wife and chilfreh, Anderdon.
3 3 Mr. and ‘Mrs. Dan.”E. Bondy, Loiselleville,
¥ 1 Malden, who were guests at "
Sy ote ome of C les Leggett on Sun- on yun lita. pass geting Was,
e es % BrP Ll toy held tie auditorium of the church
Ea ofcial "board of the Methodist ig ny brEpous el orguniang a branch
+ U - M d 0) all Tr Mei 01 f the Ma oy | league of the United Farmers of On-
lurch met on Monday evening last tario in the Townshi
0 y 0 i y ps of Anderd
3 on d e ver 4 . I 1o, review the work of the Past Year| ung Sandwich West. After a Jengt =
+ ‘ 5 and to transact business for the pies discussion on’ the subject, it was de®
(These garments sell re gularly at $2 and $2.25 ent conference yaar.; The pastor. Rev. { jq.4 1,51 the organization should be
+ Mr. Snell, was granted A $100 | formed. The meeting was called to
e® | on salary, now making ‘It $1,100. A hy he
<3 Warkmen! A pair of these Overalls will outlast 0 yory harmonious spirit ~ prevatled§ JTF am potion of liters took
o three pairs 6f the cheap, shoddy. kind you are ‘offered to- 3 tiroughout the entire meeting. The i Vice-President, Clarence
3 boards now loking forward to a very | yg, asurer, Francts Monfort
+ day. This Is absolute]y«thé best. Buy in Amherstburg, #5 «nappy and sucessful year. Secretary, Dolphus Lajeunesse; Direc.
5 : ig Remember the’ missionary meeting | in, Danis Knagga: Cézaire Melochs,
B Coats to match eachapair. ia the Methodist church next Sunday "1 ,
K2 marning at 1430 when the Rev. D. R Scraphin Beandoin, James Cahill, C.
ote o - pF hae Ce C st I H
+ McKenzie. DD. returned misslonary |v. i'a cic jon. of officers the mies
+» Canada Food Board License Number 8-1193. tow 5 fram Japan. will preach. The service | np yyy ydjourned to "July 27th. This
’ will be held under the auspices of the | jo meafin 1
g was largely attended. Of
EA. "W. M. S. and a, very Inspiring time Is | gor Regume ‘yead ® letter from the
Toasted Fann predicted. Milder should deem it 4 | headquarters of the organization ao.
0 Li great privilege in having the anevices knowledging the organization of the
3 Corn Wheat * a oe sects branch” leagug, - The minutes of the
= 3 3 “| first meeting were read and adopt
“ Flakes PHONE 180 " Biscuits Everyone Is invited to come and enjoy | A motion il nade by i Sates,
nF - the service. to t forton to have Father Loiselle on the
Farmers seem to ‘have more trou- Board as. Honorary President and

 

bles to contend with than any other | chaplain of the organization.
men in business to-day. Thé weather ara in of the of a og ioe

controls the growth and harvesting of v
his crop, and even is responsible for Fr. Ldisclle declined the home In his

an army of insect enemies which have
to be fought at every turn to save
what Is grown. The latest pest is an
‘| invasion of grasshoppers which came
with the continued drouth. They are
overrunning everything and are par-
ticularly plentiful in the flelds of oats,
which are stooked ready for hauling
in. They are attacking the bands on
(the sheaves and are causing great
convenience and annoyance. by cutl-| afarfa. © At

ting the bands so that farmers find on on and Bula .
=| hauling in the grain that they have to ii Sata rion” fo Hie Snot,

   
 

 
   
  
 
     
 
   
 

   
  
  
 
  
   

Bondy and Albert Torongeau ware ap-

pointed to lopk after the coal situa-
tion for the members of the clin A
threshing machine was also bought)’

HARROW'S NEW GENERAL Ce
PHONE 67

Where you can get all your wants supplied for the extreme Dhot
weather that we are now having. If you are spending part or all of
our time at the lake, we have Bathing Suits, both large and small.
I ya are having a plenic, we have a fresh stock of Cakes, Orange,
Mga ood al La A unned Goods for the lunch. F
A FUL" READ—Strictly fresh ev day; also

. Cookles and Buns at 20c per doz, 2. cay;
* Suve the cook the unpleasantness of standing over a hot Stove
baking wiien yoh can get all your needs: at ‘Miclinel's 3 . :
Highest P ICES FOR EGGS. or the sheaves. One farmer. declared | chofr director
. - = that (n a ten-acre fleld of oats he had to Big Poin y
{to rebind about six acres. This 1s one | visit to Fr. Emery
Of the most annoying and time de- —Mrs. Dep P
g stroying Hulsances farmers must face. list, She Is.

——

 

 
   
  
 
 
    
   
  
  
 
 
   
  
  
 
  

 

League.—Last’ Sunday was observed
as a day of Por an our church f
the restoration of ce and Harmony

In the whole, wor! At mass” Miss
% Clarice Fife, ¥. ln BANE an Ave

      
    
    
  
    
    
 

         
    
  
   
    
   
  
 

 
 
   

 

ths 87:1 vear of iis age. He was a}
{tality and even |

 

 

 

  
 
   
     
  
    
      

     

      

usual good and jovial manner. Ernest | A $20.00 SUIT—
[4 Ofi—Costs. you...

    
  
 

by some of the members of £2 On—conts You. y

   
   

© evening service Mra. fiz

spend a great deal of time rebinding| an 0 Salutarts, Dr. wo acted as |,

 

|

wisa concern,—GREETING :

tionary Force. .

E. L. NE VIC Oran, \ WHEREAS consider-
Deputy Atlajsinr of Justice | aple numbers of men
balonging to Class I under: our Military Ser-

|
I
i

our Canadian Expeditionary Force for = the
defence of Canada under Our Proclamation
of 13th October, 1917, although they have thus
become by law ®ldierd enlisted in the Military
Service of Canada,

 

Have failed to report for duty as lawfully
required of them under the said Military Ser-
vice Act and the regulations thereundér, in-
cluding the Ogder in Council duly passed on
April 20 last,

Or have deserted.

Or absented themselves without leave
from our Canadian Expeditionary Force,

And it is represented that the very serious
and unfortunate situation in which these men
find themselves is due in many cases to the
fact that, notwithstanding the information and
warning contained in Our Proclamation afore-
said, they have misunderstood their duty or
obligation, or have been misled by the advice
of ill-disposed, disloyal or seditious persons.

AND WHEREAS we desire, if possible, to
avoid the infliction of the heavy penalties which
the law imposes for the offences of which these
soldiers have thus been guilty, and to afford
them an opportunity within a limited time to
report and make their services available in Our
Canadian Expeditionary Force as is by law
their bounden duty, and as is necessary for the
defence of Our Domidion of Canada. .

      

  
  
 
 
 
   
   
    
   
   
   
   
    
  

NOW KNOW YE that we in the exercise
of Our powers, and of Our good will and
pleasure in that behalf, do hereby proclaim and
declare and cause to be published and made
known THAT THE PENALTIES OF THE
LAW WILL NOT BE IMPOSED OR
EXACTED as against the men who. belong
to Class 1 under Our Military Service Act,
1917: and who have disobeyed Our Proclam-
ation aforesaid ; or who have received notice
from any of Our registrars or deputy registrars
to report for duty on a day now past and have
fafled: so. to réport ; or who, having reported
and obtained leave of absence, have failed to
report, at the expiry of their leave, or have
become .deserters from Our Expeditiontity
Force, PROVIDED THEY REPORT FOR
DUTY ON OR BEFORE TEE TWENTY
FOURTH'DAY OF AUGUST 1918.

PROCLAMATION

GZCRGE the FIFTH, by the Grace of God of the United Kingdom or

Great Britain and Ireland and of the British Dominions beyond the i
* Seas, KING, Dzfender of the Faith, Emperor of India.’ hr
To zl] to whom these presents shall come or. whom the same may in any ]

A Proclamation of conditional amnesty respecting men belonging to
Class 1 under the Military Service Act, 1917, who have disobeyed our
Procizmation of 13th October, 1917, or their orders to report for duty,
or are desérters or absent without leave from the Capadian Expedi-

 

vice Act, 1917, called out on active service in .

  

       
 
      

       
 

 

AND WE DO HEREBY STRICTLY A
WARN AND SOLEMNLY IMPRESS ]
UPOIN ALL SUCH MEN, and as well those
who employ, harbour, concealor assist them
in their disobedience, that, if they persist in
their failure to report, absence ar desertion i
until ‘the expiry of the last mentiomed day, of
they will be pursued and punished with all the Pp
rigour and severity of the law, SUBJECT TO
THE JUDGMENT OF OUR COURTS
MARTIAL WHICH WILL BE  CON-
VENED TO TRY SUCH CASES or other
competent tribunals: and also that those who
employ, harbour, conceal or assist guch men
will be held strictly accountgzble as offenders |
and subject to the pains, penalties and forfei-
tures in that behalf by law provided for their
said offence. - N

Provided however that nothing contained
in this Our Proclamation is intended to release
the men aforesaid from their obligation to
report for duty as soon as possible or to grant
them immunity from arrest or detention in the
meantime for the purpose of compelling them
to perform their military duty; Our intentien
being merely to forego or remit the penalties
heretofore incurred for failure to report,
absence without leave or desertion incurred by:
those men of the description aforesaid who
shall be in the proper discharge of es Cd
duties\on or before the said twenty -fourth d ]
of August, 1918. ;

Of all of which Our loving subjects and all i
others whom these presents may concern are
hereby ‘required to take notice and govern
themselves accordingly.

IN TESTIMONY WHEREOQF, We have caused tite:
Our Letters to be made Patent, and the Great Seal
of Canada to be hereunto affixed. . Witness: Our
Right Trusty and Right Entirely Beloved Cousin \
and Counsellor, Victor Christian William, Duke of
Devonshire, Marquess” of Hartington, Earl of
Devonshire, Earl of Burlington; Barbe Cavendish
of Hardwicke, Baron Cavendish of Keighley,

Knight of Our Most Noble Ordes of the Garter:
One ‘of Our Most Honourable Privy Council ;

Knight Grand Cross of Our Most Distinguished |
Order of Saint Michael and Saint George; Knight ol
Grand Cross of Our Royal Victorian Order; Gov-
crnor General and Commander-in-Chief of Our
Dominion of Canada.

At Our Government House; im: Our City of OTTAWA,
this FIRST day of AUGUST, in Te year of Our
Lord one thousand nine hundred and cightéen, and
,in the ninth year of Our Reign.

By Command, 2

 

 

     
     
      
      
      
    
     
    
  
 
 

 

SATISFACTORY CLOT

Bong s Great

A Straight Path to a Rich Marke kel

At the Boug Store You'll Find Rich * Assortments: of Wearables—You'll Find os |
: Linked With. Quality and You'll Find the Present Prices
Mean Substantial Savings. . :

 
   
  

    
   
   
    

    
 

1-4 OFF

  

ale |

 

hl
You'll never know-the exact purchasing power of your dollar until you come to this selling!

Here, with the exception of blue and black suits and a few other minor items, everything'in the,
store goes at a GENUINE ONE-QUARTER OFF.

Just think of it,'on every dollar You spend here now-you not only get splendid Yeturns in |
high grade apparel, but you save 25c—where can “you make money so easy? This is your

opportunity ‘to. save—don’t wait; COME NOW!

SUITS FOR ALL YEAR ROUND SERVICE:

Suits for All Year Around Service |

1

Splendid suits in this sale that are correct for spring, summer, fall and winter wear models

for men and young men; colors to please the most exactin
g tastes, and ou er,
dollar invested. Thitik this over, Mr. Man—think well. i Yuen oral Wig

Later on sits of this character, make not so,
cént. more. This is straight, ‘Why linger when such a chates is yours?

i on—consror.. $9.00) Hats for Men!

Felt, Cloth and Straw ones, the beat
ou can buy and the V4 OFF prices

 

A $15.00 SUIT—
15 Ofi—Costs you. $11. 25 by
A $16.00 SUIT— are on ‘em still.,

35 OR—Costs you. .
A 818.00 SUIT—
14 ON—Costs you. , $13.50

 

   

    
   
 
   
   
   
  
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 
 
  
   
  
 
     
    
  
 
 
  
  

 

 

$22.00 SUIT—

  

at little p

Ofl—Costs you. a fu ome youl, 58

$28.00 SUIT—

$12. 00| A § 100°Hat % oft costs you..$ 78

A oo Hat 1§ off costs you.. 1.13
A 2.00" Hat % Off costs you.. 1.50

: 14 Off
Dion Lisle & Silk Socks

oars, ia rare chance to to get good

 

las 25 palr of Socks % off costs. 190 :
35 pair of Socks
60 Dar of Sock , oft faa,

1]

%

good, will cost you 40 per cent. to: 60 per

     
  

 

        
 

 

     

Vacation dave. 4 are on "the ‘wane— |
schiool bells are not a great distance '
off—auits” will be- needud=hele and
now. is the time to buy ‘em. . “A

A § 5.00 Sult-% off costs
6.00 Suit 14

 
   

   
   
  

   
    
  
  

 

    
  
     
    
 
   
    
   
  

         
   
   
 
   
  
   

ra

Don't walt—
PRY you did.

 
  

off costs. .27¢c

    
   
  
  

 
