 
   
     
    
   
   
    
 

 
  

SC RC CR CR CRY AE HTD a

| DARYHERD CAN
CIE MORE MILK

Make Improement by Becoming
_ Member of 1o-Operative Bull
_ Asswiation.

ow

SUPERIOR SRES ESSENTIAL

   
 
 
  
   
  
 
  
       

{ Zam-Buk ends the
Bl pain, and stops bleed.
8 ing, Try itl
8 All dealers, 50. bor,

 

Every F armer Needs a Ford

HE Motor Car is a greater convenience to the average
\ farmer than the telephone, the rural mail or even the

grain binder. ?
The binder which is considered as a very useful implement
ig'rarely used more than a few days during the entire year.
The rest of the time it stands idle, taking up space, while
the automobile is available for use throughout all seasons,
and both day and night.

It is ever ready to run down the lane to the back field or the
pasture with a parcel or a message, or take you and your
family to town for shopping purposes—or on an errand to
the neighbors, -

The motor car is called upon whenever anything is wanted
in a hurry. It is the most useful implement or convenience
for the farm. It helps you conserve your energies and time
for productive work and enables you and your family to
accomplish more with less energy. You surely feel the need
of a Ford. ‘Why not order one today?

AIL prices subject to war las charges, except trucks and chasse

REMP FURNITURE CO., |
Dealers, -
: Amherstburg.

JAMES McDONALD,
Dealer, Harrow.

   
  
     
        

  
 
  
 

 

qhe Kind You Have Always Boupht, and which h ;
© fn usa for over over 3D yeass, hoc borne the Fo Bhs
goaal gupcrvicion eluce its infancy.

ZT Allow 50 one to deceive you in this,

All Counterfeits, Imitations and “ Just-as-good *
Experiments that trifle with and Tama =
Infants ana, Chiléren—Expericnco egeinst Ex ent.
What is CASTORIA
Castoria i a harmless eubstitute for Cestor Oil, Paregoric
| Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is pleasant. It contains
neither Opium, Morphine ner cther narcotic substance. Its
age is its guarantee. For more than thirty years it has
been in constant use for the relief of Constipation, Flatulency;,
Wind Colic end Diarrhoea; ailaying Feverishness arising
therefrom, and by regulating the Stomach and Bowels, aids
tne assimilation of Food; giving healthy and natural sleep
The Children’s Papacea—The Mother's Friend. :

cenuiNe CASTORIA ALWAYS

In Use For Over 30 Years
The Kind You Have Always Bought

FYHE CENTAUR COMPANY, NEW YORK CITY,

  

CHESTER'S PLAGUE OF CA

Felines Set Anclent city on the River
Deo In an Uproar, Following Call
for Rat Killers.

 

  
  
  
  
 
  
   
  

THE UNIVERSAL CAR

and kis been made under his pers

 

 

  
 
  
   
  

Production’ Can Be Greatly Increased
_ In Single Gerination and Greater
Economy #ffected—Scrub
Worth More as Beef,

~ —

      
  
  
   
     
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
   
   
    
   
    
   
   
  

About fourteen miles from Liverpool
on the River Dee stands the city of
Chester, which was founded by the
Romans. It is surrounded by a high
wall of old masonry, and contains the
celebrated “Rows of Chester,” which
are arched passageways higher than
the street, through which the sidewalks
run. There are also many other pe-
cular features in this sleepy, antique
and very Interesting city.

One of the historic legends of old
Chester Is an amusing story relating to
cats, Mary Hall Leonard writés in Our
Dumb Animals.

When Napoleon was defeated by the
English nt Waterloo, in 1815, he was
sentenced to exile at the Island of St.
Helena, where he findlly dled, May 15,
1821. Just before the ex-emperor and
his escort were embarked at Plymouth
—go the story runs—a curious hand-
bill was circulated up and down the
old Rows of Chester, It stated, In ef-
fect, that the Island of St. Helena had
been found to be dreadfully infested
with rats; that his majesty's ministers
had determined that {t should be forth-
with cleared of thése obnoxious ani-
midls; and that an agent had been ap-
pointed to purchase such cats and kit-
tens as could be secured for this pur-
pose. All citizens who had cats that
they were willing to &ell were Invited
to bring them to the market place,
where the purchase would be made.

7. At the time appointed the staid old
town of Chester presented a curious

   
  
 
   

595
770
970
One-Ton Truck 750
F. O. B. Ford, Ont.

    

Every dairy herd should produce the =
maximum of milk at the minimum of ;
cost. This Is a war need—produce
mogg food at the least cost of feed.
To (b this the scrub bull must go. The
co-operative bull association has sound
ed his death knell. No longer can he
retard dairy development and hinder
efliclency.
By breeding to superior sires milk
production can be greatly increased-in
n &ingle generation and greater econ-
omy effected. It has been impossible
for the 4,000,000 farmers who! produce
the bulk of this country's milk supply,
but who own an average of (less than
ten cows, to use bulls of high quality
becnuse of the great expense. By join-
ing a bull association any dairy farmer
may own a share {in nn excellent pure-
| bred bull at a cost far below that ordi-
parily pak for a scrub, The Initia] cost
fs smaller and the maintainance cost
is very much less.
Scrub Bull Worth Mora as Beef.
Dairy bulls are judged by their abil
{ty to increase the production of thelr
daughters over the dams. Scrub bulls
can only decrease production—thus

         
    
         
 

 

ITT ET TE ET CY TE PT TTT ITT TITY

    
  
          
     
      
    
      
     
 
   
    
   
     
     
        
   
   
      
      
   
     
   
   
     
       
    
     
     
   
     
   
   
   
   
     
 
      
   
     
   
   
     
   
   
   
   
    
    
    
 

   
  
   
 

 
   
     

 

  

  
 
     
 

    

 

  

WHY OATMEAL VARIES « CANADIAN NEVS.
® Bishop Fallon will be asked to par-
ticipate in. a big rperuiting campaign
in Ireland. -

 

 

 

Only One-Third of the Oats Are Fit

 

 

To make a really delicions eatmeal, one Salli 3 . vr ale™ ;

most use just the plump, rich grains, -Com- Selling stocks Is mot. “wurk’ ac appearance, The streets were filled

mon oatmeal, made, of oats as they run, cording. to a Maryland court, which with a hurrying crowd carrying sacks
x 3 i ve | ined a salesman under (Qe pew nu:

And it lacs, ir or baskets from which issued fearful

lacks favor and richness,
above al at, wealth of energy elemént [loafing law.
which one “(eel his oats.” lotived farmers will watch thrashs
Thousands of people cat oatmeal without | armen across the border this year to
ever knowing hat a vim-producing food -pravent waste of wheat sald fo total
jtis. They neverknow how enticing ft can as much at. 10 per ce t *
be. They buy oats in bulk without evera BUNDY, 4 par 06 nt.
brand on them to guarantee the grade they 4, S. Government. allowances
soldiers’ vdependents are .b

 

‘| nolses. As the crowd grew denser
and the people jostled against each
other the cat concert grew louder. And
as the people themselves grew excited
by the din, they also grew quarrel-
some. At last they dropped their bur-

  

 

1c
G

poil

      

get. r >
The choicest oats are sifted 62 Himes in [in almost every country In the world dens In the effort to extricate them-
etting the grains used for Quaker Oats. | hareing the Central Powe gelves and an indiscriminate scrim-

 

nly ten pounds inn bushel —the choicest It
third of tho4¥inest oaté—Iis good enough for
Quaker.

The Quaker process makes fhese grains
into an oat food worth having, One who
once eats.dtwill never again care for a coms
mon catmeal, [)
q0nts are the, vimproducing food. “But
they who get “the utmost effects aro the
caters of Quaker Oats.

Aude in' Canada. » AW

ted. “fn Washing:ion
Major-General: Wood fs not p
France, on account of a
quest:made by Gon. Po

Rep. “ Antliony, of K
his volch in Congress to th
tion of the, existence: of gral
U.S, aircraft production pulley

Joseph “Hutchlngon, salesman

fs st

 

mnge was the result.

*“Then-thg boys of Chester, who were
as fond of amusement ns American
boys would be, opened the sacks and
baskets, and several thousand of fright-
ened and angry cats rushed squalling
and geratching through the streets of
the city. The excited citizens opened
their windows to see what was. the
matter, and in rushed the cats, break-
ing china, overturning furhiture and

   

speci

 
 
  
 
 

 

for
the -Matthaws-Blackwell Company, of

 

| Brantford, was struck and run over
by an automobile at London.

 

  

77

  
    
 
 
 
 
   
   

 
     

   

[) sail]
Guns, TRAPS, SPORTING GOODS
JONN HALLAM. Limited
©s HALLAM BLDG, TORONTO.

 

L. BERTRAND
FUNERAL DIRECTOR

PrACTIOAL Embalmor, Murray St.

Amherstburg. Day or night.
Phono £0

 

 

    

CHAS. LEGGETT
GRADUATE OPTICIAN:

tinev an years expezionce. Hundreds of satis
Pi pastents who aro ‘ving testimoninie
Lf vo Optional Parl re, Main 84. Kingevilie

Issuer.of Marriage Licenses.

CP. R Ticket Agant.

a LE EEE
$100 Reward, $100.

  

 

 

o readers of thisfpaper will be

 

p 'd to learn that there is. at least

Teas Le ea ase that sclence has take to produce two pounds of | thiee.or moro breeding blocks, and a | “I dunno. Railroad men dann’ have E i y i

bern able to-cure in all its stages, 81d | yoop2» | bull 1s stationed in each-block for thay! much time for co'tin and I doan® want . WOOD-LAC’* Stains make soft wood look like
s of lock 4, Welland can’ | service of the 50 to 60 cows in the | no.other kind of a man.” expensive Mahogany, Walnut, etc.

that is Catarrh. Hall's Catarsh Cure
i8 the only positive cure now known
to the medical fraternity. Catarrh be-
ing u constitutional disease, requires
a constitutional treatment. ~ Hall's
Catarrh Cure §8 taken internally, act-

{ug directly upon the blood and muc:
thereby de-

ous surfaces of the system, es. The steamer, Wh S
stroying the fonndation of the disease, 1 omit ruction, is now owned and | with limited means and only a few | Hupgerford's “The Camps of the First paint for the floor thatwears,and wears, and wears. N
and. giving the patient strength by {oni tod by the Ontario Paper Cou | cows is enabled to Imprbve his herd. | Half Million," fn Everybody's? “VARNOLEUM’ bright p and tects Oil
building up the constitution and a8 nqny of Thorold, and wns upward Bulls of outstanding merit aro. pre- | _“Hixteon ‘new cities for Americal : v rightens up and protect :
sisting nature fn doing its work. The [E0U0h “rom Montreal or coal. The | served for their entire period of use: | Sixteen cities, ench of tha size of Eas-. tu - Cloth and Linoleum. }
sproprietors have so much faith in its | (cident is attributed to A misunder- | ones. - Associations of this kind | ton, Pa., or, Elmira, N. ¥., or Kalama- | . = a These Finish roved their worth and wear and eco gomyin's great .
Ht a DOWeE, that Shey oe standing, of signals hg oon captain teach, co-operation, encpurage careful | goo, Mich, ; ench built to a definiterand many homes. Wo kb andled them for years and can guarantee results.

undred Dollarg for any. cas and engineer Wh Be selection of cows nnd calves, Introduce | fairly sommon plan, and all completed > FRUIT JAR LABELS FREE—a handy book of them—printod in colors

: - ! i+

falls to cure.

Send for
monials, :

Address: F. J, CHENEY & CO, To-

? ledo, Obfo.
Sold by Druggists, price,
Take Hall's Family Pilla
pation. . .

760.

 

Amount 50,410 % i $1000.
‘GEO, CARRUTHERS & SON

24 LaBelle” wi DSOR [and was given the samo soRieret few cattle and must depend.on | : i

hi — on the former charge, but without the jbut a cattle an d | Though the lite Emperor Franels | bo § two

oe = ; ! " abate | oe ; | lose to th b
|1ushes, tho. sentences to ran concurs them. to produce all the milk asi ut- | 4 eh was the dest reigning sover | a ab ago This will be:

1st of testi:

for const! |

VICTORY BONDS
FOR SALE

U. S. R. R. Director McAdoo plans
to put all railroad crews in khaki on
July 10th, for the dual purpose of sav-
ing blue cloth and saving money.

J The Wisconsin State Board of Con.
trol’ purchased its next year's coal
supply in bulk, 54,000 tons, at the pita
mouth, at a price of from $2.40 tg

1. S amedfen) men are gsking thd
President ta retain Surgvon-General
Gorgas, who is due for retirement
under the army age limit pext Sep.
tember.

President Wilson is. likely to
cede to the request ofsthe Governors
of Minnesota, {Nebraska and Towa
that their 5,000) Guardsmen go over
gens as a unit.

Even the herges and mules must be
protected fromv gas though niiles be-
hind the lines in France, and special
gas helmets are provided for them.

The Goodyear Tire &
fs making balloons for the U. S..Gov-
ernment atthe rate
Thay cost $50,000 each and have, ga
speed of 42 miles an hour.

Shot and probably fatally woundeq
by his. sergeant, Pte.-Alphonse Char.
rand is dying in the Montreal Garcia)
Hospital. It Is gtated thatshe attack.
Joa his corporal and then tried to shot
Sorgt. Millard.
| Two pounds of wool from sheap
j that graze on the White House lnwy
brought $2,000 to. the Red Cross’ In
Boston. The question _ 1s: “How
many White House sheep would it

 

ne-

 

  

Threa gate
al, were riped from their fastenings

by the steamer Lindon Wednesday
night of last week and washed out into
the lavel below. Traffic on the water

 
   
  
   
 
  

    
 
   
   
  
    
    
  
 
   
    
  
 

the

‘hilo a repair gang
Fu] y fch is of Amer:

entering the lock.

Edward Stumpf, the

 
  
  
 

attempt to
against a
brought

   
 

girl of twelve years,
pefore Magistrate Watt al

     
  
   
  
 
 
   

tory at Burwashi

twonty “Tnshes,
‘{nstitution and te!
month before leaving.

       
  
    
  
     
  
 
  
      
 

of a bloycle on
and being arme

 
 
   

   

rently. * It devaloped-that Stumpf ha

t of reading

Rubber, Co. {

of three a day, {

was was completely tied up Thursday |

Rockwood

youth who wus arrested. following an
commit 8 Sdrious offense
was

nelph and sentenced to two years
a ns at the Ontario Reforma-
He {a to receive
ten on going Into the
n not less than a
He" was also

charged with robbing a young Indy
the public highway
d with a londed revol

ver. He pleaded gullty to this charge,

 

«Jesse | yam time, raise calyes or steers w

Good “Head” of the Herd.

lowering the efficlenicy of the herd.
Their harm Is not ended In one gens
eration, - but ¢ontinues indefinitely.
With beef at exceptionally high prices,
sell the scrub bull, for his meat value
tir outweighs his dilry worth, A
common practice for the farmer with
a few cows Is to breed to the nearest
bull, regardless of breed, breeding, or
conformation, and aos a result dairy
herd Improvement is slow.

The cost of bull service also falls
heavily on the commercial dairyman
with a small herd, es bulls must be
¢hanged every’ two or three years to
avold Inbreeding. As a rule, therefore,
Be buys a bull calf from the nearest
farmer who keeps the breéd In whith
he {8 Interested: Too often cost Is
the first consideration. Too sgldom Is
the bull purebred, and even then au-
thentic production records of his an-
{ cestors ave mot usually available. The

result Is Inck of Improvement. z=

nn Sy
What a Bull Ascoclation ls.
A co-operative bull mssoclation is a

farmer's organization whose purpose
fs the joint ownership, use, and ex-

change of three or more high-class,

| purebred bulls, The territory. cov-
| ered by the association is divided Into

block. Every two years the bulls are
| interchanged; - Thus, at small cost, a
bull for evéry 60 cows ls provided fora
six or more years. ‘The cost of bull

! gervice Is thus.
| best of bulls are obtained, and the man

agement, intelligently fight infections
diseases of cattle, and: assist in the

 

t | productions. p
EE

RAISE DUAL-PURPOSE CATTLE

 

pends on Animals for Milk, But-
ter, and Meat ¢ upply.

. — be hope

The dual-purpose cattle are popu

Jar with the small farmer who keeps

 

ter needed for the family and,

    
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
   
 
  
 
 
  
 
      
      
   
   
   
  
 
  
 
  
     
 
   
    
  
 
  
    
  
  
  
      
         
       

greatly reduced; the”

better methods of’ feeding and man-y

marketing of dairy stock and dairy

Popular With-8mall Farmer. Who De-

: Ra

making a generplafproar,
Then tho people, roused to ven-

géance, joined In n defensiye warfare

against the disturbing, felines, and In
the morning the bodies of some hun-
dreds of cits were floating down the
river.

 

, Why Cobb Is In Demand.

Irving Cobb is back in New" York
from his Ossining—near Sing Sing
prisoh—farm for the winter speaking
season in New York. Cobb has on #m

“| average of fifty Invitations a week to

be the chief speaker at dull banquets.
He settles on‘about two,

It Is sald that’ these constant re-
quests. are what drove him to leave
his Riverside Drive cpartment for the
country. - At’ a luncheon recently he
told of a laborer on a raflroad disput-
ing the right of way with a limited.
As Cobb expressed it he was a “total
loss,” ; N

A claimjagent scurried’‘to the widow
and pressed five $100” bllls_ In her
hands and had her sign on the dotted
lines. The next week she blossomed

out in gay widow weeds and met a |*

friend: \
“Many yo shorely must be lonesome
with Jim gone.”
“Indeed I 15."
“Gwine to get hitched again.” |

4 R= THES

 

Sixteen New American Cities.

Some idea of the vast extent of the
work Invalved In bullding cantonments |
for the new national army is given in
the following paragraph from Edward

   
 
  
 

within from 100 to 120° dnys. Here,
then, Wis some slight measure of the
problem. To measure it in still an-
other way, consfder the building of a
community of wood equal in popula-
tion to Clevelsua or Pittsburgh or St.
Louis; then the dijjsion of that great

town into sixtec/i separate commun- |
ities or cantiffients—an average of
ono for each three states—and spread
all the way ACTogs the face of the land
from "the combonwenlth of Massa-
| chusetts to the stata of Washington.

* Oldest Evropean Royalty.

  
   
    

=

   
  
   
   
 

  

fn Europe, lewis not

the oldest |
ity, snys London Tit-Bits. ' The, |:

mip

ie PAINT
& VARNISHES

Cover ‘the scars of wear and tear on walls and floors

and furniture. .
A wall're-tinted—a floor varnished—a hall painted—a chair
or dining room set ré‘stained—the whole house made fresh and

bright, spic and span. There are

ll SPIC AND SPAN
FINISHES

for every surface—for everything you want to “do over”.

“NEU-TONE’’—the washable sanitary, soft tone
Wall Finish, in pleasing tints.

| .  YMARBLE-ITE” Floor Varnish—for hardwood
8 floors. Won't mar or turn white. :

3 “] IQUIDWAX’ ged floors. Easily applied, Dries
i hard, Shines easily. ! : |
! «SENOUR'S FLOOR PAINT’’—the hard-drying =

     

   
 
 
  
   
      
  

 

  
  
  
 
   
   
    
     

  
 
    
 
  

and ready gummed, given away. Ask for them,

      
     
  
    

   
   
   
  
   
   
  
 
 

The ninoteen-year-olds are na
called up for some time, and will not
bo sent overseas ll they are twenty

   
   

   

  

  

  
  
 

   
    
      
   

| James McNair, » young man
age, but physically unfit for se

 

     
 

  
  

 

 

   

‘baon In tho Mi
James and. Wid West storion, nd Joy; gl) readily for slaugh : : : ;
d art thing. Vo ; 0 18 four olde 22% : at the front, presented
ought he was dolng a smi Ing. : rang J 2 © Mogistrar Carson at.

th
(He has two brothers

thor was killed in gction,
othe he at

in France, An-
and ono has |

 
   

rand: |

¢ od his aorvicea at
duration of the wi
the plico of some fi
to go. His ofier wal

hou

Has now on hand a complete stock of fine

    

  
