  
   
 
 
 

 

IN TIME FOR THE HOLIDAY SEASON

 

NEW YORK just sent us the neatest,

line of New Ties for Men that has ever been brought into Harro

 

 

!
JM that the most fastidious dresser in town will revel in, \ Js it Collar and Braces a Brushed Wool Set. : ;
— 7 L} x -
50 ) _ 1s ita new Silk Muffler Sets include a Smart Toque and Wide Flowing Searf, :
| C, 15¢, $1.00 $1 20 $2 00 $2 5 All these can be supplied by us at prices lower than you would For skating and outdoor wear there i8 nothing that will bring more
2 ’ geile UV o have to pay others. - comfort than one of these sets. 5:
WwW e Are Go * { S l RE (oo aaiPRERG.) A number from here attended tho 2 g |
+ . funcral of the late Mrs. John Beet- [
ing (0) e l + HARROW. Phy FOR SMOKERS ham, at Kingsville on Friday. Mra. 3 Holida
= 1 5 ah Beetham passed away = Trnreday |
Hugh Arner { inf py victim ’ . morning following an Illness of over %
Ie OR CAS H Mrs. Carl Mitchell {5 visling in the We: Bre tio legdinRObranas of a year but from Win Siig Wag cou Yo bh Yot. of beautiful bright li £ Now Papeterl
: city. H . fined to bed for only a Week, e- | e have a lot of beautiful bright lines of, New Pape (3
’ . Philip Wright {s down with an at- | rettes ceased wns a daughter of thé=late 4 : ‘ A 3
A ; tack of Sail ig i Cigars and C ja Nathan Brush ‘snd was born in this for the holiday season at’ remarkably low prices. : 3 =
Mrs, Philip Wright Is visiting Jer {And a splendid assortment of PIPES to township, Of the familly the follow- ag ‘ - Nita Fi
Ing are living: Sisters, Mrs. Joseph They contain the finest quality of paper and envelopes In +

\ One regular-priced Range, $80 for $68

gg

: “$70 for $58
aa ? “ $98 for $85
em

{
These prices are the best possible and for cash only. We

“are selling these Ranges just to reduce our stock of these par-
ticular lines and they were bought at-prices much lower than
the present prices and much lower than we shall be able to buy

them for some time to come.
So if you are in the market for a Ran¥esBe Wise and get one
of these, as we positively cannot sell more than gone of each as

above stated at such prices.

3 DON'T DELAY !
Delay Means Possibly Your Chance GONE !

4 ©. RICHARDSON. & SON

HARROW

 

 

Heefoeforfeefeefefecfoefoficiontele
HARROW'S NEW GENERAL STORE

Phono 67

 

We havo just received a new shipment of Heinz's products, and they are
of the Nnest quality. All kinds of Dreakfast Foods such ns Corn Flakes, Post
Toasties, Grape Nuls, shredded Wheat, Ontmeal (both bulk and in packages),
always In stock. White Swan pancake Flour and Prepared puckwheat strictly
Jst everything else in the grocery lige,

fresh, and mc hi Laer
How about Underwear for the cold weather, which will ba here be ore
Wo We i, 0 ssortment. of al} sizes ap mast reasofiable prices.
orto ronts row afl stop Mand jook our S1ocK over.

long?
All SweaterdGoats for afl. When In” Harrow,
We are always willing to display our RODS,

Pools, Shoes and Rubbers far wet and’ mul
| EaG8—870 and B8c.

ddy weather for everybody,

THE FARMERS’ STORE
"A. MICHAEL _- HARROW.

Canada Food: Board License Numbér Sh.

 

   
   

Attention,

ith Hoop, Lugs, Door, &
x.
SI

$15000

...$165.00
. .$190.00

~~ Farmers

, “These prices are complete W

SILOS!

oy *

 

{ $20 Additional.
los of PINE ued CEDAR
THE TWO EVERLASTIN ERS.
You can readily see by the above prices, that you are getting
the benefit of the Middle Man's prices, MANUEACTURER!.

eT WITH TH

DO BUSINESS DIRECT Y TERMS.
- Kingsvilla, Ont
ES. 8 CEDAR POSTS

 

   
 
    
 
  
 
 
   
 
       
  
   
  

’

GONKLI

“DEALERS

N PLANING MILLS

IN LUMBER. LATH, LIME, SHINOL

rw sEres

1.2 me. for 266

 
 

* Gentlemen’s Neckwear

 

prettiest, and most complete

     
 

$32, for8$24|

fore foedododeefeefeded eeloieb

+

+

    
    
 
    
   
   
      
  
  
   
  
  
    
  
  
   
    
     
  
   
    
  
  
   
   
 
  
     
   
   
  
  
    
  
   
     
 
    
  

LOS!

MRA TE TIPO or PR her l iah
3 — . , vo "| sold this week by public auction to 2

...2 for 270
3 boxes for $1.00
Cnn ssd2 for 270
,.2 for 28¢c

  

   
 
  
  
   
        

hat Is It You Need

Is it an Overcoat

1s it a New Suit

— Is it a Rain Coat

Is it a new Shirt

1s it a Necktie
————1Tg {¢ a Pair of Gloves

 

 

SALE OF MILLINERY

Midwinter Clearing of all Hats

AT 1-4 TO 1-3 OFF

ALL REGULAR PRICES

"BRUSHED WOOL SETS

On Christmas morning much joy will come to the one who receives .

2

 

  

 

 

 

w, Tles

    

 
 
 
      
  
   
   
   

    

  
  
    
   
 

 
 

  
 

 

    
       
   
  
     
   
   
  
   
  
 
   
  
  
        
  
 
  
    
 

 
 

   
     
   
 
  
    

sult all tastes,

THE SENTINEL STORE

ADAMS BLOCK = HARROW.
—_—e

defor EB eo

# COLCHESTER SOUTH H

reliitives fn Arkansas.

John Johnson and wife spent the
week-end (nr Whentley. ¥

‘I. Flood is unloading a-car of
Manitoba wheat this week.

The canning factories have shipped
out most of their senson’s pack.

J. H. Madill made a business trip
to Detroit and Windsor Wednesday.

neat, up-to-date packageg; also overseas packages
compact and neat.for sending away. >

- FS “am ies W ;

A nice lot of New China now opened—JardThitfes; Cream:

| and Sugars, Spoon Trays, Serving Trays and many other articles.
that will delight you.

Bondy, Mrs. O. M. Pastorius and Mrs.
Herbert Richardson, of Colchester
Sauth, and Mrs. William Lawrie of
Windsor; brothers, Edwiurd Brush, of
Cottam; Wheeler, of Harrow, and
Charles, of Pennsylvania. Bealdes
she is survived by her aged mother,
who makes her home with the mem-
bers of her family. The subject of

   
  
   

which are.

 

               
  
   

 

 

 

     
    
       
           
         
   
          
        
         
      
     
         
       
          
 
  
         
        
        
 
       
       
   
     
        
   
    
   
 
  
  
     
       
  
     
  
   
    
     
   
     
    
     
      
        

HARROW

A good all wool overcoat to order re TE SE "
for $26.60, at Brookland’s, King St. EER i rob this sketch was married here to Mr,
Mis. Chittle has resumed her post| rs. Edward Martin is vecy Hl with | Beetham, and they vod misty in E. F, DARBY,
tion as pantmaker fn Wm, Brook- 2 Gosfield South, moving from there to |
inflionan DRUGGIST OPTICIAN STATIONERY

n | Kingsyllle a few years ago. They had
{an family of two daughters—Chloe, who
tack of lum- | died ‘two years ago, and Mrs, Clarence
Hutchins ,of Kingsville. Mr, Beetham |;
predeceased his wife three yoars ago.
Zlon. :
Lawrence Quick arrived home on
Friday of last week from his hunting
trip, having bagged a large moose.—
Stanley Hedges and Carl Higgins are
visiting the principal stock farms of
Essex and Kent with the District Re-
presentative, J. W. Noble, preparing
for the stock judglmg contest of county
teums at the Guelph Fat Stock Show.
—Mrs, George B. Quick is improving
nicely with her broken leg —NMiss

M. Deslippe's family are all dow
with influenza,
Charles Little has an at

bago this week.
Miss Loy Snider spent a few days

with Miss Mary Waters.

F. McGee's big auction sale is to-
day (Friday). See list on front page:

CO: R. Gardiner's baby girl Is improv-
ing slowly after a very serious ill-
ness,

Miss Lamar McDonald and Aden
Quick spent Sunday at Mrs. Charles
Little's,

Miss Merle Snider and Pte. Roy
Kimball spent Sunday at Mrs. Gerald

land's taflor: shop.
Harold . Thrasher has entered the

employ of W. C. Waobster, his olds
partner, for the winter.

Charles and Thomas Slater are
here this week buying a carload of
horses for the eastern market.
yFresh car of cement just in; golng
fast, First come first served. FPetty-
pleces Limited, Amherstburg.

F. E. Sinasac and F. T. Wright have
purchased 85-4 Overlands from J. BE.
McDonald. Nothing but Overlands for
them,

Miss Malott, teacher at Potlake, is
spending a couple of weeks at her

NOTARY PUBLIC

4

 

SEASONABLE GOODS.

tive season approaches. This year the pealing of the

ruletide befls will not be mingled with the bloodthirsty roar of guns
Peace has come to earth again, and though there are millions of hearts
made sad by the awful turmoil—that sadness is mixed with joy and
fs mitigater by the fact that no more noble lives may be sacrificed

to the demon WAR.
Our stock 18 replete with Fresh Goods

 

|

 

The f

 

you will require for your

 

bome' in Ruthven, while the “Flu” |Brush's, a
ban is on. Miss Bertha White has returned to | Nora Fulmer has been in the city for Hollday preparations, Peels, Figs, Dates, Raisins, Baker's Raisins, ES
Mr. Rogers, the new postmaster, has | windsor after a few weeks’ Illness |a few days, having her eyes treated. Walnuts, Almonds, Molasses, Sugar, Crisco, Easifirst, Wintergreen os -
arranged with Mr. Ferriss, present| ith influenza. —Mrs, Joe Balkwill and Misa Kerr Candles, Spices. étc. Prepare early and avoid a last minute rush.

spent ‘Friday in the city —Zlon Home - remem r——

Mrs. Charles Little is recovering
from a severe attack of blood polson-

ing in her face. .
The~Ladies’ Guild of St. Alban's

church have postponed their meeting
until further notice. .

Jesse McDonald {8 spending-a_few
days with his slster, Mrs. Forest
Cooke, at Leamington:

Miss Myra Smith, teacher In S. S.
No. 6, has gone to her home in Sparta
while the school is closed.

Sylvester McCormick, wife and two
children spent: the week-end at his
brother's, Merton's, in Walkerville.

Miss Gladys Lypps has returned
from Alberta, where she taught school
for two years. She purposes return:
ing after the winter holidays.

The big auction sale at Titus Jen-
nings!, Cottam, had ‘to be postponed
yestdrday on accomnt ‘of the rain, It
will be held next Thursday, Decem-
ber bth.

The Sunday school of Cheist church,
Colchester, purchased a $100 Victory
Bond. This in accordance with the
plan of the Missionary Soclety of the
English church to make the Sunday
schools self supporting. .

Mrs. George Quick. 6th cbneession
Colchester South, brake hor right leg
by slipping when destending a stair-
way. Medical ald was called, the
limb was set and the patient is pro:
gressing as well'as can be expected.

G. Arner & Sons purchased a bunch
of steers this week from A.J. Fox.
They netted the price of over the
thousand .dollar mark. - This makes
twenty-seven head of ateers that Mri
Fox has sold to Mr. Arper during this
BEASON. ; I

Mr. and Mrs, Alanson Mickle have
taken up their residence In Harrow,
where, they. will no doubt. enjoy) the
Jeisur¢ that was denied them in the
busy, life on the farm. The kindness
of their neighbors was shown Tuesday
when a willing band gathered at their
home, picked up their houschold ef-
fects and transported them to Har-
row.

_The last batch of hunters arrived
home from Northern Onterio Satur-

incumbent, not to take over the office
until the last Monday in December.”

A. E..Vickers and Thomas Bondy
have Ténsed the Herdman shop fron:
F, H. Ferries and have opened up
for blacksmithing and woodworking
tiare, i :

Mr. and Mrs, Collier Quick and lit-
tle daughter were here from Royal
Oak, Mich. for a week. Mr. Quick
will return to Colchester and live if
he ‘can .procure a suitable farm.

An appeal is herewith made to the
Methodist families wha haven't as
yet handed In their anniversary thank
offering. Kindly return your contri
butions to Mra. Robert Hilton, treis:
urer of the Ladles’ Ald, or Mrs, C. L
Pastorius as soon as possible, and
oblige. :

No hard coal In sight yet is a blue
outlook for the cold weather, It would
seem that the weather men or Provi-
dence is dealing out a kindly hand to
those whose, fuel supply is practically
nil. HK ft were very cold there would
be much suffering . without ‘coal or
wood.
Methodlst Church.—No services on
Sunday. Will the congregation kindly
study at home the following ‘script
tures: Morning, Psalm 46; evening,
Heb. 4th chapter. Also kindly spend
11 to 11.16 a.m, and 7.30 to 7.45 p,m,
in prayer that God may comfort all
that mourn, restore to heilth all who
are ill, and stay this‘dreadtul disease
{that {8 affecting so many homes. Ox-
ley Methodist congregation kindly do
the same,

Business 18 looking up on, the Pere
Marquette, and maybe it will be ne-
cessary after a while to restore the
service which was taken Off last year.
So many through trains are running
inow that It has’ become necessary: to
add night operators at Harrow, Leam-
| ington, Ridgetown and Sombra. H.
“LP. ‘McCall. of Petrolia, ls the new
local man. Under the néw manage-
ment an eight-hour day schedule fg
being worked out as near as possihje.

There are no new cases of inii
enza- within the village, and the ‘epi
demic here has almost-abated not-

Department met at the home of Mrs.
Ifa Agia on Thursday of last week. —
Miss Jessie Rawson {8 stayingnt Mrs,
Geo. B. Quick's, while the Intter is ald
up with a broken leg.—Talk about
your “Banana Belt”, Zion is not far
j off. George Higgins gathered lettuce |
on November 23rd, that grew from
seed that was grown in 1918 in. the

same garden.
SRE my

GOSFIELD SOUTH.

Brook Malott, som of Martin Malott,
5th concession,” had a close call to
serious injury the other day when a
tier of x 1ond of wood he was riding on
slipped and threw him under the
wagon. which passed over both limbs,
Fortunately no bones were broken,
but he was severely bruised and lay
uhconscious for a time.

amt Wl ES

CANADIANS HONQRED.

““Home.of Good Eats” W.S.T.B.

HARROW Phones F, H. FERRISS 3

Canada Food Board License Number 8—8435.

Do your shopping early. Have your SILVER laid away.

We carry in stock the New and Up-to-Date be
Patterns and in 1847 Roger Bros"

Te Also Community Plate.
= Al engraving done FREE,
Jeweler dnd ophcian

A. G. TAYLOR," “= °° = HARROW. - ONT

Dropin and See Webster's Shoes
Plain

CARHARTT'S OVERALLS—CORDORY PANTS and Allgvers Socks Suspenders
SWEATERS at prices that will suprise you, : :

  

 

 

 

|

 

 
  

 

 

 

  

»

    
  

 

 

     
 
  

 

 

   
    

 

  

   
    

 

A list of honors and decorations

won by members of the Canadian Ex-
peditionnry Force, compiled by the
Militia Department, shows that forty,
Victorian Crosses, the highest honor
obtainable, have been awarded to
Soldiers of the Domififon. The distin-
guished service order was won by four
hundred and ninety-one ~ Canadians,
and one thousand six hundred and
fifty-seven military. crosses were
awarded to officers of the Canadian
Expeditionary Force. The Milltary
Medal, corresponding to the Military
Cross, but granted to N. C, Oa and
men, was awarded to 6,649 Canadian
soldiers and the distinguished conduct
medal to 1,028, Canadians mentioned
[in dispatches numbered 3,333.
Of forelgn honors awarded to Can-
adians the French Croix re Guerre
heads the list.in point of numbers,
Three hundred and’ flye members, ot
the Canadian Expeditionary force won
this decoration. ‘The Russian cross of
St. George was given to 102 men from
the Dominion, and the French medaille
militaire to 46. . Twenty men from
Canada won the Italian bronze medal}:
A numberof dis

 

 

    
  
  
     
      
   
    
     
   
    
   
   
   

 

    
   
 

 

 

     
   
   
   
     
   
  
 

    
   
    
   
   
   
   

      
  
  
  
    
  
    
     
    
 

  
 
  
    
  
  

      
  
    
  
       
    
   
    
    
     
  
  

     
  
 

 

ey

BRUNNER MOND EMPLOYEES

‘Winter will Soon Be Upon Us. :

fig py

 

   
    
  
  
   
  
    
   
   
    
   
   
  
 
   
  
 
   
    

    
  
  

   
    
   
   
    
      
   
 
  

 

ius, What tis Windsor pa- | Jay evening, and had very.good luck, for A Ee 125 O. M: G8 TT PRE ILET
fom eyes the idssraad ont gulag Tho ung ars mith, ir wi i tian 10 the Cachan £. | “to our sh 4 ako yourphichas
; expeditionary force. : Come into our store now and make y !

operated loyally with the health auth- [1 1 !

orities in stamping out the disease by Hee Eres timber voll, and Brought
obeying the injunction regarding pub-
lic gatherings and assisting in every
way they could. The result is that
Harrow Is almost free from the plague
while in many other places whole

families are down with it.
— A ————

KINGSVILLE.

 

es of Overalls, Rubbers, Socks, Mitts and everything
you require to keep you comfortable during the stormy

weather.

N. A. Marra

Brunner Mond Works - At M. C. R. Bridge s

This is very unusual, ag
mals are wary and are sel-
en heard. The

t home.
these ani
dom seen; though 0
Toys énjoy getting | then and ;talk-
flip} over their experiences, which
fsem to have been varied, and while
+ |ome of them suffered with influenza,
the others had enough fun to make
lip for their friends’ discomfort.  -
The funeral of Mrs, Jas. H. Taylor,
®ho passed away on ‘Wednesday
Hight of last week, «held on
hursday afternoon to the cemetery
41 tho A. M. E. Zion church, Colches-
far, ‘Mrs. Taylor had ben-ill but eight
Says with influenza, follov7ed by pnou-
Monin, and though every effort was
Made to save her life, it scemed that
Adthing effective could be done. Her
asfden name was Charlotte Vera

Kingsyillo Is having a rolapse of strong, daughter ‘ot Thos. Arm.
the “Flu,” due, it 1s thought, to the|strong, and she was only. eighteen
people congregating In Peace dijon. yoors of age. She was married seven
strations. prominent fanfljes |MONths ago, Surviving, her are her
are down with. it, and while (here |Busband,' father, stepmother, sistors,
have been no deaths, there is ¢ good Mrs. Forest Matthews, and brothers

deal of serious sickness and tig Charles and Thomas Armstron oust HE DAY ( DicEmaEn 1
tors are overworked... doc) = Donald. Kilo writes from Bunfti— lowing: rown M

: 0) ye
“—— | “When we renched Alberta an oid, gvelmni 19 foal to Final
ec ETS hs fa nl
ays that the C Inaghs. > er A “had! Ips. 4 BI h A

. 3 pilin ‘ft mp; 4 Bay MAre, 3 old 2
mover 1ost & xa onu- | ts i

, THE MARKETS.
Flour, No. 1, per bbl.,........ $14 004
Corn’ Meal, per owt.. wh 2

Wheat, per bushel. .
Oats eae.
Corn in OAF ...neee
Barley. per cwt.,

  
  
  

  
  
   
    
  
  
  
 
  
     
 
 
   

     

 

 

     
  
 

  
  
  
   
    
   
    

 

    

     
  
 

 

   
   

Mra: Denhardt for $710.
. Lake fishing is improving after n
, |'woek ,of little doing. esday, night
Art Brown's crew brought in 7 tons
of herring and mixed fish, and James
Pastorius reap\d the bountiful harvest
of 15 tons, All the boys/are busy pick:

ing fish.

& Berkshires +}

Present offering—A select lot of yearling and ram. ,

 

 
 
 
 

(Red Clover .. ..:
AlSIR® ,.ovevnnrinans

 

AUCTION SALE"

Farm ‘Stock, Implements, &co

be sold by Public Auction on
ara eh eRtdlon, Colenmsior South (% mile

 

 
   
     

 

 
   
 
   

1%

 

> Jamba, also a few choice ewe lambs, from the best ‘breeding
i :

¥

 

 
 
  
 
 
 
 

        
   
 
    

 

  

everyone to
oie ;
