 
  

 

   

WA

TO- DAY each one must decide for himseli

Take the matter of Clothing; the money you spend fo Clothing is
a very imporant item. You may be paying too much for your Clothing.
. You know, of course, that Clothing, like everything els, has gone

up in price, but there is a limit to the price which it is necessary to pay
for Good Clothing. ;

R. BOYCE & CO.

 

 

  

Abd bdeb bobbed deb bpd bbb deb bb

I HARROW. 1}

| desde stecdsodedeohoofrodecke deed cbesfordecbobe deeb dofeodeob

Earl Stephens’ child is down with
the measles. :

Let Magic Furniture Polish

ASSIST YOU IN YOUR
SPRING CLEANING

Have You Seen the

 

Mrs, J, E. Harris, of Toronto, las §#~Get n Free Sample at <
a come to make her home with her son, z
X W. T. Hughes. dy
Word reached friends here that THE SENTINEL STORE
Re i va George Rumball, of Merlin,. {8 lald up ADAMS BLOCK - HARROW.

 

 

 

 

Mrs. Ida Thrasher, who has been {ll
at the home of her daughter, Mrs.
Roy Howie, has returned home to
Harrow. She {8 very little improved.

Mrs. Florin Hubbell was taken to
Detroit last week to undergo an oper-
ation for ulcers. She had one a year
ago for the same malady, but was lit-
tle benefitted. ;

People along the lake front
watching with Interest wrecking oper-

ations on the “pig
being carried on under good condi
tions during this flne weather,

Forest Matthews has another noted
sale’ of hogs to his credit, having on |
Wednesday disposed of Is herd of 36
to Alonzo Brush at $20 per cwt, He is
to deliver them Friday, and they ought

with an attack of appendicitis.

Mrs. Fred, Hughes and two daugh-
ters, of Windsor, are visiting her fath-
er, “Thomas H. Ferriss, this week.

Rev. Thomas Frears {8 making a
slow recovery from the effects of a
horse's kick. He was unable to take
his: services on Sunday last.

A concert to Jook forward to—that
of the Greater Production Club In I
0. 0. F. hall on Tuesday, May 21st.
Be ready for this the best of them.

At a meeting of the Presbyterian
congreation, Monday evening, they ex-
pressed themselves as unanimously in

It takes the place

of lath and plaster,
9 Li
It's Fine!
3 wor a ign with the Methodist

iy ; Next Sunday will be Fathers' and
We have it in stock.:~ Use it on new

a

Mothers’ Day in the Methodist church.
Services at 11 a.m. and 7,30 p.m., old

time. Morning subject: “Our Debt to to: ris naarly. $40; each
I] ’ Mother”; evening: “What's the matter 3 os
A ith on dveryl vele :. A special Mothers’ Day program |
1 houses and other buildings, Also On with Dad Everybody Siglcoms will be given in the Oxley Methodist

Sunday school and Bible classes at 10
am.
The past week has been a very busy

church Sunday next at 2.30 o'clock
old time. - There will also be a bap-

BE A Hh a a a a BM oa Sa oo DT TE ERS

repair work, new partition linings, attics,

 

RAY mio reo hes SEE oo:

one for James McDonald, Ford amd |tismal Service. Parents who have
Overland agent. ~He sold Ford ma- children to be baptized kindly have

over old walls, etc. etc. chines to Wm, Hilton, Marshfield; [them present. 3
{=e George Atkinson, Arner; H. McDon-| J: J. Newman, C. E., has filed with
iis t ald, hisifather. Overlands to Willigm'|the Township Clerk his report on the
Sellars, Malden; “Arch Arner and’.J. Little Drain, his estimate of which Is
H. Madill, Harrow, and Arch Langis, $1,242, Of this amount the Jands bene-
|'Mc¢Gregor, Then made a trip to Pelee fitted are assessed at, $1,012; road |

| $230. + The: council will meet to read
the report man May 22nd, at 8 p,m.
J. H. Madill's office,

Evidently the Kingsville young man
who recently “waa the hero of an es-
capade that landed him in the coynty
gaol, has not yet been cured, ap.

and sold Overlands there to James
Nicholls and Fred. Nageleisen:

Mr. and Mrs. George Leroy have
recently received some interesting let-
ters from their son, Pte. George Le-
roy, who is “doing his bit” In France.

in

 

 

 

C. RICHARDSON & SON

 
  
    
    
      
     
    
   
   

 

He is In a machine gunysection and
relates how during the recent severe
fighting he would have to remain by
his gun night and day, five days at a
stretch, snatching what sleep he could
lying on’ the ground.

Will all those: having remnants of

peared at Coleilewter Tuesday in a
beautifully. finishedi canoe, drew the
boat up on the bank and disappeared,
leaving it to the wudkind attention of’
the elements. An investigation is be-

ing made by local muthorities to as-
certain where the canoe came from.

  
   
   
  
  
   
   
     
 

 

 

dress goods or flannelettes please| J. R. Pollard and. Fred. White exs
bring to the Patriotic League rooms [pect to go to Ottawa. present 4
aver Boyce's store, where they are | monster petition: fro Colchester

Gray-Dort Automobile Agents.
Cleveland Bicycles.

South to the Government asking that
farniers’ sons be exemplied from the
provisions of thé Conswription Act,
owing to their being emgaged in pro-
ducing foodgtuffs so mucih required in
winning thé war. «The pmtitions have
been circulated during ‘the past two
weeks and contained; nearly 460 names,
The Malden young: people, who have
made such a sucess under Mr.” Mc.
Callum’s direction of two plays, “The
Waytarers” and “The “ Persecuted
Dutchman,” will present the same

much needed for making trench caps
for our wounded boys who are carried
away to the hospitals. Remember the
drive is going on in full force on the
battle front. Let us make a “spring
drive” with our needles to make our
boys as comfortable as possible who
are fighting for us. Don’t let house-
cleaning or anything interfere with
this noble work, ]

The quarterly sacramental service
was held Sunday last In the Methodist
church. Monday evening the quarter-

 
   
 

: GENERAL HARDWARE.
p HARROW... °
N . A

   
  

 

 

 

   

    
  
     

   

 

  

% e 1 ly, official board met for the usual busi. (0&ain in the Wonsiimen's Hall on the

Ww ebster’ “S Harness oo |ness. The following were elected [10th of May, for the benefit of the

OF TEAR of [stewards for the coming conférence oe in tits awlty, There Si be

year: James Balley, €. F/" Quick, ent as we 1e

= are. about cleaned out, but we have Sho to $60 a Yiliam Shaw. J. H. Madill and C. F. | proceeds are for fhe Patriotic Society,

st ' FARM ARNESS left at prices "from » > ith. Mr. Smith was appointed Re- | Everybody coms for a big laugh and

3 price is the best in the County. i cles {Steward to replace ES R. swell the Red Gross fund. 25c or more
yFPlood, who had occupied the position i

(3 We have'about a dozen LADIES’ RAIN COATS dT hits aed Ps has | . A Jorge namber of friends of Mrs.

oh that we willsell for less than cost. | resigned. James Bailey was appoint. Muuzica Bald, in rathored at tlio ome

oo Po . ed to attend ‘tlie annual District meet- ®h Taylor, esday after

& See i Men's and Boys Shoes from $2 up I Pe ba hold In Kingsville May 2iat | 1000. Afer the’ usual knitting and

of of land 22nd, with Henry Herdman al-|C¢h®tting, Mrs, Baldwin was presented

+ os |tornate. Rev. Dr. Husser was extend- | With & neat sum of money accom.

> e S er Yas er fod a unanimous invitation to return |Panied by an “adulross expressing regret

) I for the third year. fat 4) 5 rae lesving and the

* N fr —— igh esteem In which she was held

& i HARROW, - ONTARIO. 30 | tered PERRY | because of her whole-hearted work in

A AAA SAAS a + bb bdeb bbb + social and patrojitic spheres was read

An enjoyable Junclicon brought the
pleasing function to a 10 a close.

Colchester South Council.

Monday,~May 7th.

Council met in regular session with
all present. \

The minutes of previous meetings
were read ang adopted as rend,

The clerk wreid Englueer Newman's

report on the Jenner drain,
Moved by Messrs. McLéan and Bar-
nett, that the report he referred back
to engineer with the following recom:
thendations: (1) that it Have a 4-foot
bottom from the 7th con. to the Mec,
‘Lean Drain; (2) that the bridges be
made 2 feet wider.—Oarried.

Moved by Messrs. Bondy and Des-
lippe, that the Deslippe drain by-law
be given first reading.—Carried, and
by-law read 1st time.

Moved by Messrs, McLean and Des-

1’ COLCHESTER SOUTH
speller adhobb edo deopeedeolo kde ded d bbe

Roy Butler had the misfortune to
Jose a valuable horse last week.

Fred. Bell, of Windsor, spent the
week-end at the Bell farm, Oxley.

Mra. Join Knapp, who.has been ill
with erysipelds in the. face, is some
better,

The Oxley W. M. S. win’ moot at the
home of Mrs. Harry, Martin Thursday,
May. 16th.

Mrs. Maurice Hutchins, of Malden,
was the guest of Mrs. H. R. Cornwall,
Thursday.

The statute labor lists are ready.
Please call at the Township Clerk's of-
fico and get them.

Lewis Lockwood and’ wife, of Wind-
gor, attended the funeral of the late
Daniel Renno on Sunday. 13
Constable A. Tofflemire and Mr.

Cote, of Ojibway, visited his father, |jj; that the 13th
George Tofflemire, Sunday. re guia be safiended,

Phoxe Orders delivered to any part of the town.
tor the despatch of business. —Carried.
row Gibb and daughter, Mrs.| 7p il =
Thompson and Mrs. Edwards, were o congell then went Ingen gon

The Cash Store
ittes of th
guests of the Misses Hackett, Tucs- ition S 2 holo, fof the Second

 

POTATOES!

 

  
   
 
    
   
    
  
  
    
   
   
    
    
  
  
     
   
  

Carload of Irish Cobblers just
received, $1.50 per bushel

Also, WINDSOR SALT at.:$2.50 per barrel.
; We handle a nice line of GREEN GROCERIES on SATURDAYS—
‘Pine Apples, Radish, Lettuce, Green Onions, &c.

EEL

 
   

 

 

    
   
 

  
   
 
   
   

   
 
 

     
   
  
    
 
   
      
   
  
   
  
    
  

  
      
  
   
   
  
 
 
 
 
  

 
  
   
  
    
 
    
    
   
   
  
     
   
  
    
  

 

‘War Has Made Economy the National BUY-WORD.
EE ——————

what economy means. ' It doesn’t mean to stop buying the things you need. It

means getting full value for each expenditure so that your money will'go as far as possible. It means saving that margin we
used to spend thoughtlessly for the “Highest Priced” things, ‘imagining they were necessarily the best.

In fact, he economy of to-day really means THRIFT.

 

BOYCE’S FOR GOOD CLOTHES
BOYCE’S tor. Economy in Clothing

Suis for Men *12 to %30 Suits for Bays 5 to *12

THE ECHO IS THE OFFICIAL PAPER OF THE TOWNSHIP OF OOLOHESTER SOUTH.

 

_NOTICE:—TOMATO PLANTS.

 

Will those having tomato contracts
with the W. Clark Co., Limited, Har-
row, please notify the Company by
letter, card or phone of the time they
will be ready for plants, allowing three
or four days extra time to enable the
Company to have plants on hand.
Plants to be ready for delivery by May
24th. Address W, Clark Co,, Harrow.
Phones. Factory 6-6; house 6-0.

 

 

count, $40 publishing Crosby Drain,
$30 publishing Vincent Drain; $3 to G.
Hughson, fixing a bridge on Snake
Lane; $2.26 to Gore Pastorius, fixing
D. Snider's fence; $21.26 to Jasper
Tofflemire, fixing road east of Oxley;
$2 to Fred Bondy, fixing culvert on
Wilcox sideroad; $15 to Arthur Mar-

are | tin, taking up tile on 3rd con. road

and placing théem on 4th; $61.20 to J.

» Cort, which areVH. Madlll, to pay for shovelling snow

per order of E. D. Wright.
Council adjourned.

PROSPECTS BRIGHT
FOR TOBACCO GROWERS

 

 

Since the budget speech of Hon. ‘A.
K. McLean, Acting Minister of “Fin-
ance, there has been a good deal of
discussion and ‘misapprehension am-
ong growers of tobacco, as to the ef-
fect the* proposed regulations may
have on the price of their produce the
coming season. To begin with, as T
understand It. The Government pro
poses to increase the excise duty on
manufactured tobacco, both foreign
and domestic, from ten cents: per
pound (the! present excise) to twenty
cents per pound and to ralse the im-
port duty on foreign tobacco from
twenty-eight cents per = pound (the
present import duty) to forty cents
per pound. It is also proposed to col-
lect from the farmer growing tobacco
In Canada five cents per pound. The
reagon, I presume, for collecting this
five cents per.pound from the farmer,
instead of collecting the entire twen-
ty-five cents from ,the manufacturer
of Canadian tobacco, is that a great
deal of tobacco 5 retalled through the
stores {n the unmanufactured or:raw
state. This is the case especially in
Eastern Canaua and heretofore “the
Government has. recelved no revenue
whatever from his tobacco as It does
not go through any factory. Now let
us consider what effect the proposed
regulation will, if enacted into law,
have on the market for. .Canadian
grown leaf tobacco,, The excise duty
on both foreign and home grown to-
bacco 1s to be the same, the: import
duty.on foreign tobaceo {8 to be forty |
cents instead of twenty-eight cents as
at presept—an  {ncrease of twelve
cents per pound, and after the domes-
tic article. pays five cents at the farm

Growers’ tax

6 ¢ents

Total
Therefore the domestic product; has
26 cents protection per pound instead
of 28 cents as heretofore. The prob-
ability that fivercents per poundimay
be collected from the grower doesn’t
mean by any means that the grower!
will lose {t. The manufacturer to
whom he sells will, undoubtedly, pay
him five cents per pound more than
he would have paid otherwise and will
in turn pass the charge along toi the
ultimate consumer. For instance, we

four hundred” acres of Snuff, Zimmer
and Connecticut Havana tobacco at
prices from 18% to 24 cents per pound
for first class quality, dnd we are now
writing the parties with whom we
made these contracts that they will
be paid the full contract price and in
addition thereto we will pay any tax
that may be (mposed. The same line
fof ‘procedure- will apply to tobacco
that is to be bought in the fall, that is
if the grower has to pay any tax, the

sumer. The leat tobacco market in
Canada {8 bare and it seems cortain

that prices will "be high the coming

season forall that can be Droduged.
-F. R. GREGORY, ©
Mgr. Ontario Leaf Ming
Imperial Tobacco Co. of Canada, Ltd.
—— A ———

xis Zion.

 

it still has gover, cents par’ pound y t AS FOLLOWS :
tecti - uy 3
i pai ST RR UNWASHED COARSE......60 to 62c.
(flows on on pound 4 imporisd
0
bacco: — UNWASHED FINE .........63 to. 65¢. 3 3
Import duty "......... * 0. "40 cents 5 .
Excise luty ..:.: wo le 20 cents WASHED COARSE....... ..90 to .92c. ¢

TIALS ug op ars 60 cents INE :
One pound of domestic will pays— WASHED F PE 93 to 95c¢. :
Bxciso duty .........%......20 cents \

 

 

   

hove already“‘¢ontracted for nearly

 

manufacturer will bear it and in the
end pass it along to the ultimate con-

  
   
     
   
 
   
  
  
 
 

   
      

      
   
   
   
 

    
    
   
 
   

 
 

  
 
   

 
 

 

 
     

   

Garden Seeds

; our Seeds are seeds that you can depend on. ;
and. -

   

 

    
   
  
   

They are the best In the

You know we have always given you the best satisfaction in seeds.
New customers will find ours the best that can he obtained.

We are careful In our selection and careful to keep them separate
we got them, so that they are always true to name, stres

TOMATO,. CABBAGE and RADISH for early sowing.

We have BEANS, PEAS and SWEET CORN in good vari
kinds of general Vegetable and Flower Seeds. 2! Seisiy, 481, all

SUGAR BEET Seed Is scarce, but we have it.

 

E. F, DARBY, HARROW Vs

DRUGGIST OPTICIAN STATIONERY
NOTARY PUBLIC

 

Chick Feed !

The baby chickens need the celebrated PURINA CHICK FOOD—
the proper diet for your chicks.

We are now introducing to this district two other “PURINA”
products of grant value do chicken ralsers—
PURINA SCRATCH FEED—the balance food for large

Makes them happy—makes them lay. J
PURINA CHICKEN CHOWDER for large and small chickens—A great

“Home of Good Eats” W.S.T.B.
Pirie bbb bb

WooL | WooL! wool

We are Paying at the

KINGSVILLE WOOLEN MILLS i.

a
Ho
:
i]

Foti

 

chickens.

ri ed

3

 

 

1
il
=i
IH

   

 

The Brown & Wigle Go., Limited §

ER Tr §
deol del o PRPPRRRRT

tt THE FARMERS’ STORE

¥ HARROW'S NEW GENERAL SToRE: -PHONE 67.

: OUR STOCK OF GROCERIES
x

tb FE EE |

 

 

 

 

 

 
 

     

 

    
 
  
    
   
    
   
     
  
   
    
 
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
 

  
   
 
   

Is new and therefore fresh, and our prices are right. “That ought
to be a very good reason why you should give us part of your trade.

“Wa have a fresh supply of Heinz's Pickles both in bulk and in
“bottles; also Kidney Beans, Boston Baked Beans, Spaghetti, Olives,

etc. |
Part of our stock of Dry Goods is here, ‘which we will be pleased

to show at any time,
“‘Caprtesy to everyone! is our motto.

Orders Taken and Promptly Delivered.

“A. MI CHAEL

HA RROW

Now is the Time to

   
  
   
    
 
   
   
  
  
  
  
   
 
   

 

 

   
  
  

gue Yeading, and the bydiw road “second
3 : me and prov .adop!
‘1 Mrs. Joseph Fox,” who suffored - a piovisionally. ted guid,

a Tp eI: al a ian of Musrs: Dontyih
roken Wr! J net 0 Ww Wi
poorly. She was confined to bed this ; 7 a 0 be

 
  
  
  

 
  

of S. S. No, 18, called

  
 
 
  

Reginald Young, a former teacher
place this*week. He Is

 

fends fn this]
aving a fow

on

Select your Pattern of Stee

 

in The Amhers Echo /for.
'waek with a heavy cold. thurg for “four

i ; a : ‘ consecutive weekw, first publicition to

be on Friday," the 17th of May, 1918,
and that a court of revision bo held
The end of thie blow-ont trouble

|on 7th day of June, 1 1 Zap.
~ The answer Is

 
 
 
 
 

 

Moved by Mess!
lippe, tho first A Lowy
S| wi

1 ac aa Eady first
| tim Tries a Li

a

days’ leave of absence on account of
{ll health.—Malden quarterly bonrd
met at Zion church’ on Monday after
tor |.
1 in|
Miner |

  

noon ‘and closed up the “busines

the ¢onferente yoax—D. Ball

having somb tiling done by’ M:
a ihe) machine,

  
 

mal

ithe funeral of Richard Tofflemire
‘Monday Inst.—Edk Stoed und
lossls pest Sunda

the Fahd

number. of BR mire off |

  

= iN ant
We have a Full Line of Community Plate. ARE

1s Roger Bros. in Many Different. Patterns

 
 
   

  
