     
 
 
  
 
   

 
  
 
  
  
     
    
  
 
  
 

TE gm ARERR TAM 0 CRA DO NIK GRS

  

       
  
    
      
  
   
  
  
 
 
    
  
 
     
  
  

wy

“Many of themy through living In sec-

3 5 ; where, good ventilaiijon {5 a sured, [attacked. ’
; 4 Forcing Rhubatp i, re Control Measures.—In order to
e 0 all S or axes Rhubarb can be fgyrcaq very easily | control Black Knot thoroughly it is

f the #al
Dg claims ugainst tho estate 0
R: Good

“10

3 shy part thereof 10 any Porson or persons
_ recelyed at thy time of suc

WHEAT FIELD DRAINAGE

Surface Drainage of Value in
Growing Winter Wheat.

—
Black Knot R ponsible for Great
Losses Among Plum and Cherry
Growers — How It Can be Con
trolled With Least Expense.

(Contributed by Ontario Department of
Agriculture, Toronto.)
8 |

 

 
 
  

H body. When ¢]
liver and blood are ; yo When the stomach,
lovely, Ussightly oped order, the skin is clear ang

S, pimpks, eruptions
: and
Sownesy show the need of Beecham’s Pills to stimulate
and regulate ‘the vit) orga :

! ans and improve the circuln.
tion. Good healthand best looks soon fo] ow the use of

BEECHAM

are worth

Seid Sverywheto in Canada ang i),

 
   

  
  
   
   
   
  

URFACE draind are used to re-
move excess Water of soils duo
to violent showdrs or the rapid
melting of snow and are con-

sequently often stmost as important
on tle-drained land as pn that which
has no artificial drainage, These
drains often prevent the gullylng out
or the washing away of soil and soil
fertility.

Good surface drains will lessen
considerably the amount of winter
wheat “drowned out” or “winter
killed.” These injurfous effects are | J.
largely caused through water stand- :
Ing on frozen wheat ground in the
spring. Were this water removed by
surface drains, the reason for heav-
Ing so often seen in wlieat fields In
the early spring would) be largely
removed. These drains are a benefit,
too, in that the removal of surface
water enables the land to warm up

more qujckly, and the plants to start
growth earliér in the spring, nn

  

 
 
   
    

     
  
  
 

+S America, thbozes, 25 cents,

   
  
   

 

CONTR

   

OL OF WEED SEED IN
CLOVER.

 

“THE CARE OF STORED VEGE-
TABLES.

 

While there are only
of weed seeds which ar
found In red clover
sufficient to cause ft
from sale under “7
Act,” it is yot very
seed for sowing |
It is not easy to gay
to soil, and injury
be caused by impu
seed. For this re
prepared hy

4 few kinds |

Potatoes Jus
€ commonly

    
   

In a
diry to dry, w
the temps

r that
ventil-
ature can

     
  
  
  
 
   

 

}2 degrees and 40 de.
puts in a winter

a ame
CORT

8 pu
10W
) live stock,
3 In red cl
gon “Pamphlet
the Dominjon

   
  
 

 

  
  
  
   
 

  
     

t th
pt diry and in_the best

  
 
 

Y 1 to prevemt rotting provi Surface drains should follow the

Analyst, aug Just Issued by the ¢ 2d | lon sliould be n adie for Td the] natural lowilevels in the wheat field

ranch of the Department of Agricul- | anderne. SEITE dra. . 14nd be mada hatore the seassmacloncs
HPL awa. lan Hm <a A | logpneadh anggihreoumh thom.  Siul- In" the fall, h

A0- [1ed™0r crated They are easily run out
| ; with the ordinary long or the swivel
‘plough, and generally’ do not require

Nox
to be more than one furrow El

 

, TRINC {
8 off the floor. will help pr
e cond ns. ‘The potatoes
pleked over once
more, during the: wint
offany rotten ones (there n

   

mand wide and general attention
farmers, “The Seed Control Act |
hibits the sale of red clover seed If ft | bp
contains more than $0 seeds of nox-
lous weeds or 400 of all ki

weed seeds per ounce The pam Beets, Carrots, parsnips, salsify and
referred to, which can be had free on turnips keop best! under conditions
application to the Publications Branch. | s ALF (th hn Soros
Ottawa, tells of the maximum nun will lose their f oF.
bersof weed seeds per ounce that are |noss fm the 4 VY is - aT
permfited in the different crops of | be found to keen) | hett
timothy, red clover, alfalfa and al vary dry, if
slike, and describes with exactitude |
the steps that are necessary to puri
tion Is given of

fy the seed, Infor:

the relative prevalénce of weed seeds: [th
of the method of eradication of weeds, [0
as regards testing, and instructions
for taking and sending to the Branch
to be tested. A series of éxact fllus-
trations of the commonest vieed seeds
and of sieves necessary for their re.
moval are given, in the pamphlet.

“So you wish™fp leave to get mar-
ried, Mary? I hape you havé given
the matter a serious consideration”
*Oh, I have sir,” was the earnest re-
ply. “I have been to two fortune-tell-
ers and a clairvoyant, and looked in
a sign book, and dreamed on a lock
of his hair, and have been to one of
those asterrologers, and {0 a.mejum,
and they all tell me to-gotfiliend, sir.
1 ain't one to marry reckless like, gir.”

- Sn
Negro troops from Louisiana have a

linguistic advantage over other Amer-
ican soldiers, says Stars and Stripes.

Ww
ide
uld

Ir twice, or even

    

   
       

and one furrow deep. Where there is
to remove | considerable slope fn the field and
be consequently greater danger of land
being gullied out, care should be tak-
€n that drains are not made too nar-
row. The rounding of the edges at
the top and of the bottom of surface
drains will facilitate the flow of water
by removing danger of blocking from
loose pleces of earth. Intersections
should be well made to avold stop-
pages in drainage system. Heavy
clay solls are usually more benefitted
by. the use of surface drains than are
lighter solls.—Prof. W. J. Squirrel,
Ontario Agricultural College, Guelph.

         

  

what similar
but they

     
        
   
 

packesd in clean
rd taken out as wanted: The cellar
may be ®o dry tliat even keeping in
sand will not Ibe sufficient to keep
em the ‘sand may be
oviditngthe cellar {8 cool,
I wever, these Voge:
ta es will grow iff the sand 15 moist,
Covering the vegzetables with bags
which are kept mosfst jg a good way to
Keep them firm, and sand may not be
necessary when thhis is done.
Cabbage will gos0n wilt in a warm.
dry cellar. They should be kept out-
side as long 45" possible by protecting
them with leave straw or soil. When
they are brought into the cellar keep
as cool as pokgiible without freezing.
Wrapping eacl head separately fin
NEWS papers wij) help prevent wilt.
Ing where the. ajr Ig very dry.
Celery keepss best in a modgrately
drys cool. well] ventilated cellar.. To

provide a ciresulation of afr, the tops

ghould be helty apart by means of a
lath or other

leve of wood. The
soll should be Keppt moist; but the tops
dry; hence theres should be care in

       

    
   
 
   

will be the

 
   
   

 

 

To Cure Blick Knot Disease,

No other cause, not even winter-
killing, has destroyed and Is destroy-
ing so many cherry and plum treca
in this province as the Black Knot
disease, This statement, while true
of the province as a whole, is not
true of the Niagara District nor of,
any other district where plum and
cherry trees are carefully pruned and

sprayed each year,

The disease is not caused by grubs,
although these are often found in
the knots, but it is caused by a fun-
gus-which attacks the branches and
even the trunks of the trees and
causes black, knot-like swellings,
watering, so as neat to wet the folfage usually about three inches long and
and make conditiosns fayorable for. the | about half an inch fn thickness,
development of disgange, : though often the swellings are much

Onlans are often not fully ripened | shorter and often again very much
when stored, and aire very difficult to | longer, the longest ones usually be-
Keep when in this C0indition; hence | Ing found on the larger branches.
they must be Kept quijte dry, If they | New knots at first are brownish in-
are ta be saved for anyy/jangth of time, | stead of black, the blackness coming :
They should, even whezn wall ripened, | with age. 2 a
be spread as thinly asg possible and The ‘disease will in some orchards
kept 4n a.dry place where fhere {5 mo | confine itself to cherry trees and not
- | frost, An attic room ls gften a good [attack the plums. In other cases it

piace to keep them. Whhara the quan. | will attack plums and not the cher-
tity Is large they are =iisrod in erates, | ries, but more, commonly both are

 

Eat

  

tions where French is still spoken, are
more or less familiar with the lan-
guagd of this land when, they get here,
Butithey hays thelr difficulties never
theless. “It's dis way.” explained one.
“Ah talk French puhfectly, but not
de kind dey talk in dis country. You
sae¢e, Ah learned French from mah
fathah—de pure; classical, ole New Or-
deans French~-and dey don't speak dat
kind ovah heah.”

 
      
        
      
       
 
 
 

 

Nw
»
®

 
 
 
 

 

COUNTY TREASURER'’S

 
      
  
  
  
    
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
 
  

  
    
  
   
 
    
   
      
   
    
  

during the winter. As the crowns or
plants from ‘which, the stalks are to
be forced have recksjvod the necessary
nourishment= durlyn > tha season fust
past, it ls Ot NeClageary to pliant them
in soll when being forced, although
soll ‘may be foWing'to he, the most
convenient mategeia) jn which to put
the: plants, as thy rooig must be kept
moist for best reaguire

The plants ag. dug just before win-|

ter 3018 ip Ad before being put in
the cellar thegy ara Jaft on the surface
of the groun

1d_and allowed to freeze

helpful to know that it is spread by
means of tiny spores which act as
sceds, and are blown .by the wind
from tree to tree. These spores are
formed” on" the knots themselves,
There are two malin crops of them
each year, tho first during early
spring, usually in March and Aprjl,
and the second in late spring, usually
the latter part of May and all of
June. Therefore, to control the dis-
case the first step to take is to cut
down all dead and dying trces and
remove all knots on other trees, cut-

 

   
    

BY VIRT!

£ of a warrant under the hand
of the WV

n of the County of sox, and
he Count al of the sald C: bearing
date the, day of Septemb ), 1018,
and to mp directed commandin f to levy
upon thé lands of the sald \yarrant de-
scribed for the arrears respectively due
theeron together With all costs | ot a
1 hereby give notice as provided by ub
sectiongd Section 149, Chap. 196, R

1014, tat the said IE of Tands I ‘
arrears of taxes has been prepared, and
that copies thereof may be had in his
officA, and that ThesMst Js being published
in the Ontari jazette “on Saturday, the

      
  
 

  
   

  
   
   
 
 

    
 

 
 
  
 
      
  

v

   

   
  
   

   

     
 
   
    

     
  
    
  

   
    
  
  
   
  
  
 
  
 
 
 
    
 
 
 
  
   
  
  
 
    
   
  
  
 
  

y 5 of September, and o inches
14th, 21st and 203h days of September, and § oq1i4 Ap eXisBsure of t ting in each case about four inc
tho bth day of October, 1918. ten days (0IWO, Armies 8 la fom below the knot 50.as to be sure the | $000000000ICICIFOC0000

they afterwards fy... 8 ;
The plants are now oo, More quickly.

Ww put close toget
In the cellar for firing, either A pw
In boxes or on tho foo of the cellar,
they may remgin 1 “e641 darkness
while being fojpq0q yet the) forced
rhubarb will be, oely” vary attractive
shade of red angy nop iene’ color, as

might be suppg,.eg. : §
The best tery peratyra™tor foreing (s
between. 60 dfagrees and 60." degrees
Fahr. though “rhyharh will “force at

even Tower tel, no catures,

The rhubgriy “wir be ready for use

elther early. or jaea fn January, de-
pending on 4p, temperature of the
cellar, and Wilij3 pep throwing up fresh’
stalks until thy, ron C0 exhausted,

which will nojy “bo for two months or
more.

A fej, »
off tiie plants good-sized crowns cut
nish enough sj;

co that pur-

infected area Is removed. If knots
, 0.1014;

occur on the very large branches or
on the trunk, they mily be removed
by means of a chisel or a very stout
knife and chisel. An inch at least
of the bark on cach side should, if |
possible, be taken with the knots, All
prunings, whether of dead or living
wood, should be burned at once,
otherwise the spores will form on
them and spread from them. *It is
very important to do this cutting out
and pruning before Christmas time,
Warm days after the leaves are off |
are excellent for the purpose. Under
no conditions must the knots be left
“on the trees until as late as February,
In cutting do not overlook any wild
cherries that may be Infested around
or near the orchard. x -
The next step is to spray the trees
with either lime-sulphur wash or
Bordeayx mixture, 50 that the spares
that come from a distance in easly
or late spring may not get a chance
to germinate. Three sprayings should
be given, the first a few days before | with cloths wet in 1 in'2
the buds burst, the second about a} mercury solution. Fumi
week after blossoms fall and the third {7
about two weeks later or just before
the earliest cherries begin to ripen.
Arsenate of lead should be added to
each of the last two applications to
kill the Plum Curculio-and to keep
the cherries free from maggots. The
lime-sulphur
should be in strength about ane gal- | ing
lon to fifteen or twenty gallons of |
water, and for the second and |
one gallon to abot forty gallons of
water. Bordeaux for any application
should. be composed of four pounds spell of cold weather.
of bluestone and four pounds of fresh:| “sewed up" (n their clothes
stone lime or-six pounds of rated’ until tho spring com ’
lime to forty gallons of water. The | Ontario mothers keep. bs
arsenate of lead should be au the | Tight are two important needs of
strength of two and’ a half pounds | as well as In tho warm
ty saljogsa 3 ;
ount ft

  

1 further hereby give nc
suant to the Assessment Act,
1 shall on Jussdayyy is 174
0 Nhe

ion at the Council Chamber In the
court House n the Jown of Sandwich, 3n
the County of Essex, proceed to #e y
public auction as much, of sald Jandy 3s
may, be necessary for the payment of | ha
said arrears and charges thereon, unies

such arrears and charges have been sooner

pa. JOHN F. MILLEN,
county Treasurer.

ated at Sandwich this 10th day of Sep-
tembor, 1018.

   
    
 
  
   
  

   
   
     
  
   
 
  
  
  
 

    
   

     
   
   
  
 
  
 
   
  
  
   
    
    

this form of disinfection.

      
   
    
  
   
    
  
   
    
      
    
   

     
   
      
   
    
  
   
    
   

~ NOTICE TO CREDITORS.

—

 

 

tact with the patient.

in the matter of the Estate of John R.

Goodchild, late of the Town of Am-

use.
jn the County of Essex,

     
   

    

in the garden will fur-
alks for family needs. ,

——————
Id, who died on or about} eis MEAL
nd day Ht 1915, aro requ AS A

8

The cer to Chas, | =

10; snd by post prepald of Her minis: LIVE STOCK FOOD
.

ator B before the
Estate, on or be!

ie, ib, of UTA, th
addresses, fu 4

Pane aus and the nature of the secur

ity, if any, held by them.

further notice Is hereby. given that
arie tho Said Thirtieth day of Noyember,

Arator will
18 datibute. T cots of the sud Fatato

tho persons entitled therelo, havik

 

 

; { to the
KOTICE 45 heréby given pursuant 0
Statute fn that behalf that all persons nav

      

 
   
  
 

and woodwork with hol

     

 

’

  
 
 
 
 
       
   
    
  

In these 4%s anything that will In- dope that It is a useless e:
crease the, aynflable quantities of
cattle 00 without decreasing the
quality 18 of jmmensp value. Experi
monts- ha¥e proven that this is pos-
sible ahi meal, 8 food stuff that
as yot Is lity known fn this country
omy 10 claims, of a Admintsira- but which is yged extensively in Eur-
liable for the ASSels Of {ope Fish Tiga) should not be con-
founded With “fish scrap”. “guano,” or
“pomace® or other forms of fish by-
products used as fertilizers. The flah
meal uséif {s more carefully treated
and includes, 6r should include, ‘only
fresh. sound figh, or fish offal.” The
value of meal as a cattle food is
explicitly sof forth fn 4-page pamph-
ot NO. hilt by the. Department of
Agriculture, Ofiawa, and which can be
bad free on hol cation fo. the Pub-
ications Branch: _ Results of experi:
ments mado &t fhe Central Expe
mental Farm 8bAw that fish meal,
here available, f5 g suitable concen-
oat eh mob Cotas Sa. to BO ok
that i . 3 3
and Over 15%: phosphate of |
that 1» of uality

A

   

most cases it {8' not required.
Broaklyn, and
Other means such
parativelydnexpensive,

     
 
  
  

   
 

   
 

claim notice shall not have

XKLIN A. HOUGH,
: Sollee Aor sald Administrator.

ratburg this 7th day of No-
jor, "1018. :

  

T° good people everywhere and NEAL'S MOTHER BREAD
‘users in particular : We are glad to announce that the Canada +

Food Board’s order to use substitutes for wheat flour. in" our
bread-making has been rescinded. From
to use all pure wheat flour. :

The Neal Baking Company, Limited, wish to thank you people %
who so cheertully and loyally accepted the conservation rulings. 3
and, by your unselfish co-operation, enabling this country to make
bigger shipments of wheat flour to the Allies, and thus played a
real part in WINNING THE WAR. TH Ri.

Your reward comes now, for, henceforth, NEAL'S MOTHERS BREAD
same beautiful snowy white loaf
before the war; light, fresh, crumbly, with that
brown crust you know so well.

  
 

NEAL'S
MOTHERS BREAD

Purity and Quality

Food Control of Canada License No. 5-445.

 

 

 

TO KEEP WELL

’ Sn. —————
5 BY JOBN W. 8. McOULLOUGH, M.D.,.D.P.H., CRIKF OFFICER.
OF THE PROVINCIAL BOARD .OF AFAITH. >

DISINFECTION.

ISINFECTION means the destruction of infective agents, If includes

| the various measures employed during the course of a communic-

able disease or after the patient has recovered or dled." Examples

of disinfectiong used In the course of an f{nfectious or com-
municable disease are those employed in disinfecting sputum from open
tuberculous cases, stools of typhoid, or cholera patients,
from thé Jaouth and Yaar ATA ill of diphtheria:
portant that the family be made familiar with the means of carryingjon
: The tuberculous sputum and secretions ‘from { tH0S0 in authority ought to set a

mouth and nose of diphtheria casca should be burned, tha stools are held In | worthy example to what Lincoln call-
vesacls to which milk or limo has been added, and then burjed a foot or two | ed
under ground, away from any source of water supply.
that thé) Bands of nurses and attendants should be’ washed aftor each con-
t Other members of the family should avold kigsing

tho sick person apd the patient's food utensils should be boiled after gach

On the recovery or death of the patient
should be thoroughly renovated and disinfected.
sich disinfection means fumigation by the gases of sulphur or formaldehyde.
Of much greater impBrtance are removal of ou
exposure for a fow dayn to outside-air and
ater and soap, and tho wiping of walls an

carbolic acid solution, or

gation would be of value In destroying infection:
n rooms If it wero thoroughly carried out.

 
  
 

pense;.and [8 not advised by the Health® Depart-
ment unloss carried ont under the direct supervision of the M, O,

Toronto havo abandoned fumigation as a routine measure,
as those outlined are quite as effective.and are com-

or the first spray he Provincial Board {ssues a pamphlet giving full directions regard-
oa) FAR oy - It 18 sent free to anyone who asks for it, .

' PNEUMONIA AND THE BABY. I

d to. lot thelr bables out of the house aftor the
Wo know of children in our schools who are

when the first snow falls and. remain sewed | cow-feeder is obl to purchase all
; but wo know, too ye th form of

eir babies indoors all
the baby—an|

 

           
          
     
     
   
   
   
   
    
 

now on it is permissible

you were used to
appetizing golden-
Eat it with a clear conscience, for

   
     
 
        

  
 

  

        

LIMITED, =‘
Salter Avenue. - WINDSOR

Bread Factories at
Windsor London, Sarnia, St. Thomas

a Food ‘WON the" War---Don’t waste it |

For-'sale In Amherstburg at J. H. Lovegrove's, G. T. Florey & 20
Son's, G.F. Glrardin's, A. J. Burns’ John Grant's and T. J. Harris". _ A » : ’ "
Sold In Harrow by W. R. Boyce & Co. In McGregor by, Beuglet Bros. . ing =
and G. Langls & 8on/ 2

 
 

 

 
 

  
   
  
      
    

  

    
    
  
        
 
    
    
        
    
   
   
    
       

 

ET

4 A Few Very Simple Ru'es for
Economical Feeding.

A Profitable and Efefent Bion for
Work Horses When FRI Work
Closes—How to Feed: Roughnge

LW Live Stock to Best Advantage.

(Contributed by Ontario Department of
Agriculture, Toronto.)

 
  

EARLY PULLETS aaa

FOR WINTER EGGS
S—— : $
When we, take into consideration
that the average egg production on the
Canadian «farm fs 75 or 80 oggs per
hen and when well mana, flocks
average 120 to 180 eggs and individual
hens even go higher than 2¢0 eggs in
the 12 months, it lo.ks as though im-
provement might te made in the
class of stock many keep. In the first
place pure bred @tock {a beat. They
should be from a®good laying strain.
They should be from good healthy
parentage and for winter egg pro-
duction, pullets only and early puHets
should be kept. In an experiment con-
ducted at one of the Branch Experi-
mental Farms where four diffe;
ages of birds were {in competition for
winter ecg production. it was found
that early pullets produced o at an
average cost of 16.7 cents, late
lots 28.2 cents; two-year-old hens,
96.1 cents; three-year-old hens, 87.6c
per dozen. Figures somowhat similar *
to these could be produced in Ia :
‘1quantities. The early pullet is the
only bird that should be kopt for win-
ter egg production and it is the win-
tor eggs that pay. A dozen of.
Ghristmps Is worth two or thren
in May or June. Early pullets mi
carly eggs and ‘early chicks fn 0
spring which of course mean early,
pujlets in the fall. As a rule, the pul
la that Jay. a he Bt §
ayers so that every ot E,
before Christmas shonld be m
They are your best layers, If

 
 

  
  
  
       

    
  

-

 

    
 
   
 
   
    
  
 
    
  
  
  
  
      

 

}

 

   
   
    
   
   
    

 

     
  
     
    
    
 

NE great lesson which is be
Ing impressed on the people
of ‘Canada’ at the present
time, and which cannot be
emphasized too much is the need for
thrift or economy. In this copnection

 

     

    
 

ar the secretions
It Is #specially im-

 
  
  
   
  
   
   
    
   

   

“the. Common People,” of whom
he Is reported to have sald, “The
Lond must have loved them, because
he made so many.”

har ; Farmers farm, “not for fun as a
the room occupied by him | man sald to mo one time, “but to

.: Many people think that make ‘money.” This may ‘not be a
rtains and carpets, their | BI&h Ideal for farmers or anyone else,
nlight, the scrubbing ot flopra | but nevertheless it is a very necessary
collng | part In the lives of most farmers. .
L fn 1000’ bichlorido of | “qq ‘enjet value of winter dairying
from an economical viewpoint Is,

that prices for milk, butter. and
. In | cheese are always greater in winter )
York, | than in summer, and If the producer | are killing off your olf hen ?
milk can keep winter production {kill hens that moult In In R #
costs down to the level of summer [They are your best Iavers and with
costa, the gain in price for the milk, [best layers should always bo mated
cream and butter sold in winter, is|male birds from good ‘The
clear Trost, Some a bat this is. more than half the. AA
cADno! one an 0 a | from a good laying strain
counter-balances the, oxira prises ve. | LL from ¢ Eood laying motte
counter- ces the rices re- | do more to bul thi ng q
¢elved tor winter dairy goods. Ny | = ho!

; flock than
This is probably ‘trye’ where (he de Sg ony,

    

Most {important {it Js

 

     
  

    
   

 

 

       

  
   
    
 
  
 
   
  
 
   
   
 
  
  
 
 
   
  
 
 
  

   
 
 
   
  
 

    
  

   
  
  

 
 
  
  
 
 
  
   
  

    
  

   
   
  

In many cases it is so badly

 

  
  
 
 
 
   
  
 

      

Many muaicipalities suchas Now’

        
 
    
 

   
   
   

  
 
 
 
 
 

ta considerable number of | his s in t
inter: sh air and sun- i
‘bo needs th and’ gluten meals, but

: > oR a ke SL vhéro a farmer is ablo to grow all |
at lr Lovely curiae en bond TOUR add at poet ony

ration, on his oe atl:

 
 
    
 

   
