IS new

is the As il

* The successful grocer wouldn’t think of doing business without

the new, bigger Comfort Soap bar. It’s the economical Soap
, that people want in war time,

Bigger bar—without premiums

You can do without premiums in war time but you certainly want all the ©
good soap you can get for your money. That's what we thought when
we discontinued premiums during the war and gave you a bigger
Comfort bar instead. We're glad we did. It’s what yous wanted,

PUGSLEY, DINGMAN & CO., LIMITED, TORONTO

L030 A

OUR PRIS

TERRE) — BY-LAW N

0.
“ASK FOR

ols
op
ob
3

A By-Law to Provide for Drainage Work in the Township of Colchester South, In the

= or County of Essex, and for borrowing on the credit of the Municipality the sum of
Rough and Dressed Lumber, + Four Hundred and Ninoteen Dollars and. Thirty Cents for completing the same.”

Provisionally adopted the 4th day of February, A. D. 1018,

Shingles, Lath, Plank,
Sash, Doors, -

Frames, Mouldings,
Wall Boards, &c.

Whereas the majority In number. of the resident and non-resident owners (exclusive
of farmers’ sons not acjunl owners), as shown by the last revised Asfessment Roll, of
the property lisyeinafter set forth to be benefited by drainage work, that iS. 10 say,
by constructing a tile dram along Queen Streat in the Village of Harrow, have petition-
od the Council of the sald Township ofColchester South praying. tiat the lands on the
East side of Queen Street In tho Village of Harraw, from Munger Avenue to tho Philip
Ferriss Drain, may be dgained by means of-a Tle, Drain, 4

JAnd where! thercupon the said Council has procured an examingtion to be made
by 1. J. Newman, being a person competent for such purpose, of the.sald area pro-
posed to be drained, and the means suggested. for the drainage thereof, and of other
ands and roads ligble to assessment under tho Municipal Drainage Act, and’ has also

2
4 procured P

g 1 , sald JJ, Newnan and an assessment to be made by him of the lands and roads to be

. ° benentten.by such drainage work, and of. other lands and roads liable for contribution

thereto, stating as nearly as he can the Proportion of benent, outlet liability and injur-
fog lability which, in nis opinion, will be derived or incurred in consequence of such
drainage work by every road and lot, or portion of lot, the sald assessment so. made
being the assessment hereinafter by this by-law enacted to be assessed and levied upon
the roads and lots, or parts of Jots, hereinafter in that behalf specially set forth and
described; and the report of the sald J. J. Newman in respect thereof, and of the said
drainago»work being as follows: —— <

LUMBER YARD

Amherstburg, Ont.
Soooeforfonfostonfecfusfesfecfusfortonfecferts

Windsor, Ont., October 20th, 1017.

To the Reave and Municipal Council of the Township of Colchester South:—
Gentlemen, —I1 mpliance with your instructions, I have made an examination,

survey, report, ete, the drain petitioned for by Thomas Vincent and others, and now

roport-theron as fall 2
I commenced my survey at the Philip Ferriss Drain on the East side of Quean Street.

Thence I.follpwed along the East side of Queen Street to the Northerly side of Munger

Avenue, in the Police Village of Harrow,

Feder fefenfocondecfefonfecfordent ffi fenfrefnfonte de

EL etd feeder

rele

Notice to Creditors.

point about 722 réet south thereol at the catch basin near the line between the Jands of
Gordon Arner and W. H. Ferriss. From the last mentioned point to the Southerly side
of Sinasac Avenue there has been a 7° tile drain constructed, but thts last mentioned

te of Roseannah | drain {8 so shallow and so poorly Iafd that ft, in fact, 18 of very little benefit to the

lk mattop of the Estas, Ampborstburg, | lands [t was intended to drain, and as a consequence the Jands South of the Pere, Mar-
i hg County of Essex, dow, de-| quette Rallway are flooded with every small freshet that comes. 1

ands

In order toJovercome this dimeulty, and thus afford proper drainage to the
and roads affected, I would recommend that a 12‘ tile drain be constructed from the
catch basin near the line between the lands of Gordon Arner and WW. H. Ferriss to the
catch basin at the Southerly side of Sinasac Avenue, and a 7* tile draln be constructed
from the last mentioned point to the northerlg, side of Munger avenue, all 45 shown on
the accompanying profile and specifications, N >

1 rarther mind that (€ will be necessary to construct” a drafn wnder the tracks of
the Pere Marquette Rallroad with sewer crock laid In concrete, as shown on the
accompanying profile;

[ estimate the cost of constructing this portion of the drain at the sum of £450.00,
{ estimads the cost of constructing 12 farm tile drain for the same distance at the
sum of $13.80, making a difference in cost, the sum of $130.20. This last mentioned
amount I Bave assessed against the Pere Marquette Railroad Company to be borne and
contrbuted By it In case It does not exerclee M8 option of constructing the sald drain
within a reasonable time and without unnecessary delay. 7 i

Should she Rallway Coampany- construct. the drain under the tracks above men-
tioned, then the Township will 2 to thé sald Company the sum of $13.80.

My estimate of the cost of thie whole of the above work, together with all fnci-
dental’ expenses, except the Pere Marquette Ralroad crossing, [8 tne sum of 8410.30.
Or this amount I have assessed the landsawhich are benefitted by or use the sald drain
as an outlet, with the sum of 8286.00, and the Township Of Colchester South for roads
with the sum of $133.30, as Is more fully Set forth In the schedule of assessment
hergto attached. 3 !

1 would further recommend that this drainage work be kept up'and maintained at
tho expense of the Jands and roads herein assesged for Its constouction, 4nd in the pro-
portion herein contained until otherwise determined by the report of an engineer undor
the provisions of the Municipal Drainage Act. .

Accompanying this report you will ind ag®opy of this report, plans and specifica-
tions for the purpose of securing the approval of the Nallway Commission, shiuld It be
found necessary to secure such approval before the Pere Marquette Rallway will con-
struct the drain under their tracks. = -

All of which Is, respectfully submitted.

ceased.

of the sald
n or about the

10th doy of.
send pos!
signed, §

Ong and
0 executors of the sald es-
p the Twenty-third day of
heir names and addresses,
claims and the
held by

on or bo
ary, 101
full. particulars of their ;
nature of the:security, If any,
hem.
4 ther notice {3 hereby given that
ation The asd Twenty-third day'or February,
1018, the sald Executors will proceed to
distribute - the assets of the sald ESIAte
among the persons entitled thereto, Taving
regard only to claims “of which they shal
hen have notice; and the sald Executors
will not bo linlile for the sald assets or
afiy/ part. thereof to any DEPSON OF persons
of whose claim nofice. shall not have been
received at the tipe of such distgibution.
FRANKLIN A. HOUGH,
Solicitor forthe sald Executors.
pated at Ainherstburg this 4th day of Feb-
* ruary, 1918.

Navigable Waters ‘Protection
Act.

R. S. 0. Chapter 1I5.

(Signed) J.J. NEWMAN,
C. Bs

And whereas tho sald council are of opinion that tho drainage of the area deseribed

15 desirable.
raford. the sald Municipal Council of the sald Township of Colchester South,

pursuant to the provisions of the Municipal Drainage Act, enacts as rollows:

18t. The sald report, plans, specifications; assessments and estimates are hereby
adopted, and the drainage work as herein indicated and set forth Shall be made and
constructed in accordance therewith. .

2nd. The reve of the sald Township of Colchester South may borrow on the
credit af the Corporation of thy sald Municipality of Golohester South the sum of Four
Hundred and Nineteen Dollars and thirty cents, being the funds necessary for said
work not otherwise provided for, and may (ssue Debenturés of we Corporation to:
that amoung In sums of not less than Fifty Dollars each, and payable within 5 years
from the date of tho sald Debentures, “with Interest at tho rate Of 6 per Centum peor
annum, that 16 to say, In ive equal-annual Instalments, such debentures to be payable
at the Imperial Bank, Harrow, and to have attached to them Coupons for the payment of

ost, . : *
bry For paying the sum: of 4160.00, the amount chargad against tho said lands
and roads for benefit, and the sum of 8126.00, the amount charged against said lands
and roads for outiot liability; and the sum of §....., ihe amount charged against sald
Jands and roads for injuring liability, apart from land$ and roads belonging to or con-
trolled by the municipality, and for covering [ntercst therqon for 5 years at the rate
of 6 per cent. per annum, the following total special rates, over and above all other
rates,” shall bo assessed, levied and collected (In the same manner and at tho samo
timo as other taxes are levied and collected) upon aud from the undermentioned Iots
and parts of lots and roads, and the amount of tho said total special rates and fniqrest
against ¢ach Jot or part of lot respectively shall be divided into Niye equal parts, and
one A part shall be assessed, levied and collected as aforesaid, in esoh year, for
fie Yarn after the Nnal passing of’ this: by-law, during which the said Debentures
n { -

prunner, -Mond' Canada, Limited, hereby
give notice that they ha under Section
7 of the said Act, deposi with the Min-
LEE we public Works at Ottawa, and in
the offity for the Registry Division of the
County “nr Ejsex at. Sandwich, a descrip.
tion of the sito ‘and of the plans of the
Walerwoiyg pumphousy ond intake pipe
proposed by no, erected Jn the Dotrolt River
on the walel 4aeain front of Lot Number
Seven In the FIFSt poncession of the Town:
ship of Anderdon.

AND TAKE NOTifE (hat after the expir-
ation of one Mifhih from tho date of the
first -publicatiol “or this, notice, Brunner,
Mond ‘Canada, Eymited, will under Section
7 of tho said Ach. ly fo the Minister of

Public “Works at" ii gma in. the City of do rm.

Om for Prval of tho said site” and. Fo . ’ \ ° LEE ic] us
plans an I 163va to construct the said % a ax 898 =
Waterworks puff; “house and Intake pipe. 4 Pe Ye le 22 ria] @ EE
Dated at Afnarstbiirg his 14th doy of [Namo of Owners i Lot «e988 CE TH PF] 3ang
SE a foal Balu
‘ 8 £
BRUNNEfy,, MOND CANADA. LIMITED. re oD FB PING SE, SE
hme w $1 o si S710 sl
mr FRR ee Fa Hy Tow i Be I Bi ia
+ CANADIAN NEWS. MD Onno. 3 EI aries £57 fm fh Hw 38 HY i
mh 1} Thos. Vincent ... 4. Pt. 102 2 _JB00 400 1000 355 22565 AM
The field; tn Ningara district aré [ns Campeav ..; 2 1 Owls mE BN Bn gE
Iree of eNO} ana: fall wheat has done | 2 3 Bmw A BU om mw ou
ei on: 8 $j 4 umm iw oan i
Heavy 8Dsywatorms in northern On-{H. L060 ne rer X | / A,
1B hare Son completely blocked i ET | i i wo n 1 ia 8
An ‘thy road | 2 r
Te : CIREES | s Bt
Seamer. aes docks, tugs, and PE lon pi ® NO DO) 3g B/H AT
steamers. Stanlgy. © “Plan #12; Lot} i 7 3 :
Hamilton Lo", ¥ Optio Plan $12, Lot 27.0. 16 Tw aw An ine

B

timber

”

§

388

nd

andy

td

SEES

523
us
-—ro

=
om
§

ls

he
2eal
38

Pd

Be

I nd that there IS at present.a 12% tie drain from the- Philip Ferriss Drain“to a |

me smn

=

When we ame to the end of a meat-
less day
And we sii alone with our thought
Of the breatl so thin and the ple so
_ small
And those eggs that the
brought,
How we long ‘or the steaks and the
chops of yore
And bowls of sugar White, -
As we come to the end of a meatless
diy
With the prices out of sight.

walter

When we-come to the end of & wheat
less day -
And begin‘on a sleepless night.
Is it strange, if we think of the days
to come
With plang for our appetite?
Will we shave on the prunes through
the coming noons,
‘And cut down the codfish cakes?
Shall we choose every dish that's com-
posed of figh?
Sure! We will for the soldiers’ sakes.

When we come to the
beastly war
And the guns and the bombs are all
still,
We will boil in ofl old Hindenburg
And hia boss, uld Kaiser Bill;
For they're both too tough and quite
too rough
For even the place below,
So we'll boll them well ere they're
shipped to ,
For the pyrotechnic show.

»

The stormy, blustery weather which
we have during February and March
{8 extremely hard on children, Con-
ditions make It necessary for the
mother to keep them in the house.
They are often confined to overheated,
badly ventilated rooms and catch
colds which rack thelr whole system.
To guard against this a box of Baby's

Own Tablets should be kept in the
house and an occasional dose given the

end of this

#| baby to keep his stomach and bowels

working regularly. This will not fall
to break up colds'and keep the henlth
of ‘baby in good condition till the
brighter days come along. The Tab-
lets are sold by medicine dealers or
| by mail at 25 cents a boX from The Dr.
ung Medicine Co., Brockville,
nt. ¢

“PLAIN SCOTCH.”

Two Scotchmen staying at a third-
rate hotel discovered that the wash-
stand in their bedroom was minus
soap, After they had rung the bell,

wishes.

Sen’ up sape, lnd—a wee bit sape, { WAS & man who lived ever so many
Tans, specifications and estimates of the drainage work to be made by the [quick!” exclaimed one of the Cale- [Years ago, and im theycountry that he

i donians.

The attendant promptly withdrew, [WA8 an awful wise man and one day

muttering:

“They ain't French-nor German, nor | onto a leg of a baby and nearly pull-

yet Spanish, What can they want?’

The Scot became angry.

“Man,” he thundered, “can ye no’
understan’ plain Scotch?”

The attendant then vanished and
{returned with a bottle and two glasses.

RIGHT CARE OF SPRAY PUMP

Different Parts Should Be Gone Over;
Cleaned and Ollgd—Kaep /Ma-
chinery Under Cover.

Are you taking care of, your spray
pump? Go over all the different parts
{of the pump, cleaning them off and
olling them. Unless this precaution is
taken your pump will,be out of order
|when you wilt need it. The spray
(materials rust, the.metal parts and
they soon become uscless unless they
are cleaned and oiled when the season
5i8 oyer. Don’t fall to keep the pump
{and all other machinery under shelter

{ when not. in use.
J a aman

THE RAPE OF PELEE ISLAND.

Editor of The Bcho:—

I feel it my duty to write about: the
outrage which continues to be perpe-
trated ‘on Pelee Island by the Amerl-
can sandguckers. Before the sand- |
suckers began thelr disastrous work |
dt Fishing Point, which /4s the most |
southern point of Pelee and one of the !
| beauty spots of Essex county, being |
covered with cedar, Hard maple and |
other trees, the shores around the is-
land were protected by banks of gravel
which extended from the clay banks
from fifty to one hundred feet; the
point extended out a mile further than
it doés now, and most of the time it
was a bank of fine gravel, gome three
or four feet hign, which afforded good
protéction to the shores of the island:
The point was originally owned by
the McCormick family, and was sold
to the Cadwell Sind & Grevel Co. of
Windsor, and that company resold it
to Hendrickson & Homegardener, of
Sandusky, 0. Then the. destruction
began. - From ten tg fifteen sandsuck- |
ers have been working night and day
10r the past seven or eight years at an

enormousy/profit, in fact iarge steel
vessels have been built g¢ o Ln) cost

and have pald for themsejyes time and
again at the exponso of tha people's
property, while. the little pahsaneer
‘boat, the “Palee,” which was’ built by
the {slanders to get their produce to
market, has been steadily going be-
hind. The shareholders aceing no way |
out have offered her for sale, but the
owners of the sandsuckers have be.
come wonithy from the {ll gotton spgijy
which they have sucked np from he
shores of Pelee. ;
The Island is inhabited
(working industrious people.
have protested against this g

by hard
They
8
but up
of. The
4 around
fine bank
them, aro bare
Sf fine drafn-
prays fointed
eon.
of Lake ‘Erle. |

no ‘ald has
present Un.

THE END OF A MEATLESS DAY | PARDEE FOR POSTMASTER-GEN.!

| an attendant appeared and asked thelr [8nd the origin of masonry, published

ERAL.,

There are toall intents and purposes
two vacancies in the Government at
present, Neither Hon. P. E. Blondin
nor Hon. Albert Sevigny, both of whom
wore heavily defeated by the civilian
vote on December 17th, have much
hope of being returned by the soldiers’
vote.

But the Post Office Department {s in
need of a strong business head, and
requires reorganization badly, To PF.
IF. Pardee, former chief Liberal whip,
the position was offered some time
ago. It is now stated on good auth-
ority that Mr. Pardee is willing and
ready to accept the portfolio.

CORN LACKING IN MINERALS

When Fed as Sole Concentrate In Ra-
tions for Swine Bodily Weak-
ness Will Result.

Because of its low content {n min-
eral matter, particularly lime, corn
ahold not be fed as theavhole concen-
trate in rations for swine, Bodily
weaknesses result from a deficlency of
mineral elements when other feeds are
not supplied with corn.

In experimental fegling tests con-
ducted by Dr. E. B, Forbes qf the]
Ohlo i@speriment Station, hogs fod
mainly corn and weak bones often re-
sulting. {2 lameness and fractures.
Such injuries do not occur with hogs
on pasture or With those given. feeds
rich in lime. such as clover, alfalfa,
rape, skim milk and tankage. Bone
flour, wood ashes, corncoBl charcoal
and lime are useful supplements to ra-
tions deficient in minerals,

OVER 1,6000 PAIRS OF
SOCKS BROUGHT IN

Fivers at the
Front Know

The “Have a Heart” social, which
brought the knitting contest to a
sucgessful cllose, held in the Presby-
terfan church last night was but an-
other evidence of the enterprise and
industry of the Mary Armstrong Chap-
ter, I. 0. ID. E. Over 1,600 pairs of
socks wer® brought in, and over $60 in
pennies in minfature sacks were pre-
sented at he door ms admission. A
rare progriem was given and greeted
by a large and appreciative audience.

650 pommnds. of wool, costing over
$1,000 were used in the contest, which
lnsted firom January 5th to February
1210.

Special mention should be made of
three members who brought in in the
neighborhood of 250 palrs each, name-
ly, Miss Bessle Cummiford, Miss Flor-
once Newton and Miss’ Gladys Donald-
son—Strathroy Despatch,

delicious gum, and how jt
fasts! Um-m! i=ep YOUR hoy

overseas supsllcd

MADE (N CANADA.
On sale everywhere

A GIRL'S OPINION OF SOLOMON.

Here Is an cssay on King Solomon

in the Fargo Forum: “King Solomon

governed he was thé whole pushl Hed

two women came to him each holding

A a i a

WE HAVE IN STOCK

SHINGLES, LATH, CEDAR POSTS, BARN BOARDS, .
JOISTS, MOULDINGS OF ALL KINDS, DOOR SASH,’

RUBBEROID , ROOFING,
Place your order with us and save money

38 > da

JOHN FRASER
Planing Mill and Lumber Yard y
: AMHERSTBURG, ONT. .

ing it in two, and both claiming ft.
And King Solomon wasn't feeling right
good and sald: ‘Why couldn’t that |
brat have been twins and stop all this
bother.’ And he called for hia sword
and. was going to. chop the little baby
in tworand glve each of them a piece
of it, 'when the one who was the moti,
er-of the baby said: ‘Stop, Solomon, |
stay thy hand. Let that hag have it. If
I can't have a whole baby I don’t
want any,’ Then King Solomon told
her to take the baby and go home and
wash {ts face for he knew it was hers.
He told the other woman to go chase
herself. King Solomon bullt King
Solomon's Temple and was the father
of all the Masons. He had 700 wives
and 300 lady friends, and that {s-why
there aro 40 many Masons dn the
world. Papa says King Solomon was
a warm member, and I think he was
hot stuff myself. That's all I know
about King Solomon.”

HOME GROWN vs. )
FOREIGN GROWN .
rf. TOBACCO SEED

y
R

Sdbdtd ddd tid bb ddbb bbb ddd bb db bb

During the seasons of 1916 and 1917
experiments were conducted on
the Harrow Tobacco: Station with
tobacco seed, of the same varie.
ties,” both home grown and foreign
grown to determine what ‘difference
there was between the length of time
required; for plants, produced from
seed which had been acclimatedy to
mature enough in the seed beds for
transplanting, and to ripen in the flald
a8, compared with plants produced
from. unacclimated seed, under the
same conditions. ¥

Both years the results showad the
home grown seed to be greatly super-
for to foreign grown seed. Plants
from home. grown sefd maturing
enough for transplanting from ‘hree
days to a week earlier than plants
produced from foreign grown seedy
and in the fleld plants produced from
home grown seed matured more -uni-
formly and In every case ripened {rom
four days to a week earlier than plants
from foreign grown seed.

With ‘the short growing sensons
which have prevailed in the tobacco
growing sections .of Canada for the
past. few years these are very lmport-
aut points; when It {s/taken .nt> con-
sideration: that a few days may de-
termine whether or not the _crup is
to be frost bittem. .

In view of the above statemnnts It
{n. strongly recommended that the
growers sow good well cleaned Can- |
adlan grown seed only.

.D. D. DIGGES,

Supt. Harrow Tobacco Station.
——r TT ——

BOYS AND GIRLS CAN HELP.

Seventy-one thousand boys and girls
of school age last year incrensey the
agricultural output of Ontario to the |
valub of $125,000, Every farm boy and
girl this yoar should be encouraged |
to roar a pig a calf, a batch of |
chickens or to grow a lot of potatos,

culate the habits. Their timely use will save
ecdless suffering, fortify the system and

a IE
Imsure Good Health
Ald ENE : ;
Pzeoared' only by Thormes Beecham, St. Helens, Lzncarhire, England.
Sold evesgubicra ta Canada and U.S. Ancriza. In Lauer, 25 canta

afia
2dle

“Yes-= They're Cleaner, Fresher--«

beans, corn or vegetabfes. Si Wyant a airy Sg Se a 9
ottawa ToT _~‘“when washed yvith Sunlight Soap. I find iit
roo Bard Whiars to. achive: Tha| cleans the clothes more thoroughly and wi

“work than ordinary 6oaps.
clothes and I must “hang
clothes and I mu han

It doesn

never f

