   

© OGTOER 4

   

i!

EES EN a

    
  

——— THRE

SAS S=25=3k
CLEVER NEW STYLES

     
 

Severely tailored or trimmed suits cvpves
sive of B, Siegel Co. quality in Tweeds,

Check Velours, Gabardines, Serge and Ox-
ford Suitings, in all the Fall shades. The

fit of the back, the w: 1y the collars hug the MN

   

neck and the manner in which the sleeves
are set show that more than ordinary ;
care and attention has been given them oi

WE ACCEPT CAN. DIAN MONEY AT PAR ;

Li Si ox
SOLICITED | CORNEA WOOBWAND & STATE

0, CONRICTION wITh ANY OTvE® stom
DETROIT

 

 

TEACHERS’ INSTITUTE.

The Teachers’ Tustitute
torate No. 2, Essex, will be
the “Town Hall, Essex, on Thursday
and Friday, October 10th and 11th,

“PROGRAM:
Thursday, October 10th
10.00 ‘ajm;,—Opening exercises
10.16 a.m.—Auditor's report.

10.30 a.m.—Appointment of commit-

tees,
11.00 a.m.—Report af De slegate to O.
E. A
2.00 p.m; —Teaching of Music in Pub-
. lie Schools, with Illustrations;
\ Miss McKenzig,

‘ 3.00 p.m.—Literature In Public
Schools, J. MM. McCutcheon,

MA, ¥oudon Normal School.
4.00 'p.m.—Address, S. J. Courtice, M

A., Prin. H. S. Leamington

Friday, October ‘11th.
9.00 a.m #—Opening exercises
9.10 a.m+—Reports of committees,
9.45 a.m.—Agriculture, A.W. Massey,
M.A. Prin. H. 8, Essex
16.45 a.m.—pP rimary Reading, Mr. Me-

for Mmspee-
held in

 
 
 

 

   

 

- m——— — ”
Thursdity, 8 pim., in Town "Hall, A sergeant [5 next below a lleu-

tecture and Musical Program tenant.

A corporal I a squad officer.
Departmental © Regulation requires ~~

all Publi¢ and R, C. S. teachers n a It was “officially announced that
Inspectorate to be present. All H. Ker & Goodwin, of Brantford, have
Cont. §chodl teachers: and all tence i recelved a war contract valued at

ers In Holy ‘Orders are invited to be | $1,600,000, ,
present ‘and to take part In the die-| Winnipeg reports that close on
cussions 200,000,000 bushels of wheat are look-
~~ — ed for from the prairie provinces this
year,
PUT THIS IN YOUR HAT. When the whole business portion of

Mawer, Sask.. was wipéd out hy fire
When some chaps are sitting around last week, the loss reached about $95.
f asm g to tell every one what they | 000.

know a# to what numbers constitute Mr. and Mrs. Leslle Cowen, of
certain divisions of our army, remove Montreal, were so badly burned in
your fiat and then read the following |an explosion of a coal ofl stove at

|1o them: — their home that their condition fs
An army corps is 60,000 men. considered grave.

An infantry division is 19,000 men: From Regina and Saskatoon a ship-
An infantry origade is 7,000 men. ment was ‘made of two cars of butter
A regiment of ‘infartry ‘is 3,000 men. for the Siberian expeditionary force,

A battalion is 1,000 men The cars contained over slx thousand
A company is 250 men; pounds.

A platoon 18 60 men. A hangman's delay his given Frank

 

 

A corporal's squad Is 11 men. Sulllvan, condemned to death at Win-
A field battery is 1956 men nipeg for the ‘murder of Constable
A firing squad has 20 men. Snowdon on April 5th, five more days
A supply train has‘ 288 men. to live,

 

Cutcheon,

2100 p.m.—Difcussion on revision of
Oritarip Readers. ‘The Minis.
ter of Education requests fill
disucssion, and presentation

of suggestions’ and. resolu-
tions.

8.00 p.m.—Unfinished busfuess. Dis.

cussion of topics of the pro-
gram.

  

Our Advertising Pays You!

A machine sun battalion has 296 Harry Stephens and Stephen Petter.
men. = half, the latter a Burgarian, both
An ambulance company has 66 [Young men, are under arrest charged
men. " with stealing brass fiom the G. T. R.
A colunel heads each regiment. at Belleville.
A lleutenant-colonel [5 next in rank Right Rev. Henry Russell Wake:
bellow a volonel. field, Bplacopal bishop of Birming-
A major heads. a battalion. ham, Eng. his arrived at New York
A captain heads a company. to undertake a speaking tour in Can-

A llentenant heads a platoon. nda.

 

 

 

“Sometimes advertising is looked Upon as AN UBRNECeSSATY expense

that fs eventually paid for by

the eonsumer.

“This is chortsighted reasoning, and people are coming more and
. more to realize that a larger output huilt up by judicious advertising en-
ables us to deliver to your table the highest quality of bread at the rg

mum cost,

Neal's Quality eosts no more than ordinary Bread.”

Virsa toe Baker of Waa Uc

is quite. the most wholesomely delicious bread you
could, wish to eat. ‘Light’ and white, nourishing and
appetizing, this is bread that is somehow DIFFERENT.

&

daily bread.”
NEAL'S.

 

  

a RNY

 

You can't know how good NEAL’ S MOTHERS BREAD
really is until you give it a trial on your table. ONE
LOAF will convince you---thenceforth it will be * ‘your
Order a loaf from your grocer. Say

“We Invite the Table Test”

  
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
  
    
   
  

ers, but refused.

 

AMHERSTBURG ECHO.
CROSS. SICKLY BABIES AMONG TOMBS OF MONARCHS

Shaft Will Be Erected on Scottish
Sickly balies—those who are cross Coast to the Memory of United

and fretful; whose little stomach and States Soldiers.

bowels are out of order; who suffer —

from constipition, indigestion, colds or Nature has bullt on several of Scots
any other of the minot {lls of little | land's western Islands great stone
ones—can ts promptly cured by Baby's | o0 000 that are viewed with wonder
own Tailas, Phi ig Mg and admiration; man has erected on
“My baby was vels 1 and vomited all others many columns and monuments
his food. He was coss and cried night | that are renowned In art and history.
and day and nothfig helped him ti'l 1] To mention notable examples, the
began using Babys Own Tablets. | natural may be seen In the basaltic
They soon set him/right and now he Is pillars of Skye and Staffu, the artistle
4 fat, healthy boy.’ The Tablets are | in the memorials to Scottish, Irish and

sold by medicine fealers or by malll Norwegian kin fn the buryin
at 25 cents a box from The Dr, Wil- 5 ES y DE

> gr Vcr ground of St. Columba's isle, lona.
lang’ Mediclue. Co., Brockville, Ont. There will shortly appear amid this

concourse of records a monument al-
together novel, n new-world monument,
by which American will signalize the

 
      
 

 

= ——e

SOME "SAVING" SENTENCES.

 

Save for Victory.

pa memory of her young soldiers of free-

Ned : __| dom whom Germany's submarine dev-

it To mye Is iguana: of practices llitry drowned In the adjacent waters.

5 i Se te nie ena) a suo, of yn

. ; perishable granite wi be raise n

PR Be Sopa 4.iitle, and honor of the brave who went to death
iw a undismayed and self-controlled.

A dollar saved Is a dollar earned. Islay was the chlef seat of those

6 _.. fighting chieftains, the lords of the

Save-to lend to your country when | isles, who began In the twelfth century

it calls, thelr Incessant warfare with _the

% 8 > ; ; Norsemen, and the title of the {sland

The will that saves 's the will that “princes hans descended to the Prince of

wins. * ven Wales. Quiescent past and “stirring

Saving will provide both an umbrella | Present seem to meet on this ple-
and a mackintosh for the “rainy day.” | turesque sland. If the shades of the

. . > old-world kings ever visit the royal
Saving money is often the expres- tombs at Ionnm, they need look south

sion ot saving Jrace. . but 30 miles to see a towering sign of
L

the making of new-world history.
Save to make Canada secure.
Ll] LJ .

A man who is hovering on the verge

of want Is not his own master. PLEA FOR “FOOLLESS” DAY

 

 

Save to save—both yourself and Movement to Abolish Stupid April First
Canada, Tet a Jokes Surely Would Meet With

General Approval,
Live within your means and your

v ®
means, wit be Jnereased In connection with the movement for

If you don't live wifhin your means | “less” days It 1s up_to some patriot
you must live on the means of others. | Who has the highest Interest of the
. . . nation at heart to Ilnunch a campaign

The first dollar saved is often the | for a foolless first of April.
first step on the road to affluence. Individuals, like automobiles, are not

edt foolproof, and Mr. Absent Minded, who

Heaven helps those who help them. from time Immemorial has been a
selves, Moral —Save! much-fooled man on the fatal day,

would rise up and call congress bless
Don't be a victim of circumstances; P

So BY Hav ed, instead of calling the members
help to shape circumstances y saving. thereof names, ds he now does, if that

 

~ " .| body would busy Itself with legislation
a cr oni Dresedt pisusiire for uty abolishing the April-fool jokes that
A SE wreck tempers, ruin dispositions and

Save, remembering that to him that | work havoc generally.
hath shall be given, On the other hand, Mrs. Absent
i i Minded would probably fight to the last
Saving carries {ts own reward—with ditch against any curtailment. of the
Interest. . TR. privileges of jeering derisively at her
husband when he puts salt in his cof-

Carnegle's chief asset In beginnin

lite Huh “saving” quality. # | tee. cracks an egg which proves to be

only a shell, finds the lining of his
overcoat sewed up, picks up some stage
money on the doorstep and starts to
work with a box af soap camouflaged
as candy.in hi pocket to-munch after
lunch.

As a result the sons of dignity will
probably have to endure the annual
disturbance of thelr méntal equilibrium
in order to keep peace in the family.

rr —-

Stefan Klas and Wm. Walcsck, who
were arrested at Winnipeg as idlers,
were offered $6 a day as farm lubor-

 

      

Man Dumb From War Now Talks.

Parénts of Walter Jones, a soldier
of Glen Cove, L. I, who has just re-
turned from France, answering a tele-
phone call from New York, heard the
volce of their son, whom they sup-
posed was dumb us the result of shell
shock. In the trenches in France a
shell exploded within a few feet of
Jones and he became unconscious,
Severul of his comrades were killed
by the. explosion. When Jones re-
gained consciousness he was déaf and
dumb. He was sent back to America
for treatment and on the ocean trip
homeward the vessel was attacked by
A submarine. The excitement of this
shock Is sald to have restored both
his speech and hearing.

 

Hot Stuff.

Arthur Feust, consulting engineer
from Utsh, breezed nto New York and
attended ‘a banquet at the Engineers’
‘club, Several of the guests were the
McLean kilties of Cannda.

A feature of the menu was squab on

3 : tonst, and one of the Scotch veterans)
after asking what It was, proceeded to
cover it well with tabasco sauce. He
ate a couple of bites of thesburning
liquid, and then, with' a low cry, put
down his knife and fork.

“Lay thaur an’ bur-r-n” he said.
Then turning to the walter called:
“Aye, mon, I've had eneuch o' this.
Gle's a shellin’s worth 0° ham, wie ye?
An’ say, laddie, bring a bucket of [ce
water.”

 

‘Wide Interest in Astronomy.
There can be no doubt that there
fs just now a great awakening of pub-
Me Interest In astronomy. Renewed
evidence of this, if any were needed,
Iseaflorded by the eecretary of the
American Association of Variable Star
Observers. About.n yelr ago, we car
ried in this column a brief note de-
'sertbing the alms and” needs of the
ntion, and appealing for addl-
on% to itn corps of volunteer observ-
ers afl ‘over the world. Within one
month the secretary states that he
bad received 53 replies to this very
modest little notice.—Sclentific Amer
Acan.

  

   
  
 

  
 
 
  
 
 

   

  
  
  
  
 

    
 

 
 

He Hoped Not.
Edwin R. Hiscy, the undertaker, and
}€. L. Dietz, the broker, are brather i
Rotarians. One stormy” day recently’ i!
Hisey, while returning from Crown 1
i
|

  

Hill with his motor hearse, saw Dietz
| standing on a corner ‘way up Mer{dian |

shouted to Diets: ih
‘| “Going down, Lew?"

Sf hope” aot ntasapae K
[Nowe rei

 

 
   
 
 
  
   
  

   
 
     

    
    

FIRE PREVENTION

EXTRACTS FROM

PROCLAMATION
Issued by His Honour the Lieutenant: Governor of the

   
 
   
  

 

 

   
  
  
  
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
   
    
   
  
 
 
   

  
 
 
   
 
   
  
 
   
  
  
  
   
   
    
    
 
  
    
 
 
  
    
   
    
  
   
 
      
    
     
    
    
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
  
 

Province of Ontario.

 

Whereas next to the care of those who are offering thelr lives on
the front line of battle, the conservation of all our energies and sub-
stance {8 our most important prable m;

AND whereas the saving of human life, thrift and the prevention
of loss. of property through destruction by fire, is an aid which every
one should give ay illingly to the community at large;

And whereas the reckless and impoverishing fire waste that con-
fronts the people of our Province is appalling; . d .

Therefore, believing that thé loss can be minimized only by

awakening.-in the public mind a universal watchfulness against care-
1e88, accumulation of rubbfsh and unsanitary conditions; * e
and

Because of this great need and In ord
watchfulness, carefulness and cleanliness; and to create 4 greater
personal responsibility in reducing the number of preventable fires.

We have thouaht fit, by and with the advice of our Executive

Council’ of Our Province of Ontario, to mame, and do hereby name
Wednesday, the

9th DAY OF OCTOBER, 1918
FIRE PREVENTION DAY.

And We do hereby urge that on this day. throughout the Pro-
vince of Ontario, attention be called in schools and public places to
the conditions that exist and to the need of Immediate action And co-
operation on the part of everyone ;and special exe rcises. addresses and

other means be employed to impress on the public mind lessons of
Fira Prevention. »
. . LJ

er to arouse a sensé of

To insure the success of this Clean-up Campaign it will be neces.
sary to have the hearty and harmonious co-operation of all ¢ ©

who shave for their objects elvie, social and {ndustrial betterment. ©

The Proclamation should be _read in all Schools and at Public
Gatherings.

Office of the Fire Marshal of Ontarlo, GEORGE F. LEWIS,
Department of the Attorney-General

Deputy Fire Marshal,
Toronto, [arom I 21st, 1918.

ETE

Ladies and Gentlemen.

For the time being I am prepared to carry on the
Furniture business in L. Bertrand’s old stand.

I am offering some very fine complete Dining Room
Sets, nice Fancy Rockers and Kitchen Furniture.

As soon as I can get settléd T will instal a first-class
Repair and Upholstering man.

i

‘1 am adding pew lines to bring this Store up to the
standard for Home Furnishings.

I shall be pleased to Have your patronage.

A. J. BURNS

Murray Street. AMBERSTBURG.

 

P.S.—First-€Class Licensed Embalmer with Modern Equip-
ment to do my work.

 

 

 

   

CHEAPER HERE THAN ELSEWHERE,

+ WHILE THE QUALITY IS THE BEST

 

Nice line of Turnbull’ s Children’s Wnderwear, all
single garments, and Men's Fleece Lined. Buy now and
save the advance.

Our stock of Rubbers for Men, Women and Children,
and Heavy Shoes for Men cannot be excelled in Amherst-
burg.

Another staple line is our Overalls. All ah one price per
pair—§1.98. Avery. special price.

 
 
 
 

SPECIAL TO CLEAR,

All Ladies Summer Ribbed Vests, reduced from 40c to. 82¢
Cotton Batting’ (Cost Price) per roll. ... Rl ek ...18e

 
  
       
    
      
 
 

Put away some for future use.

John brant v3] aE Shite

        
   
  

PHONE 180 Biscuits

Amberstburg”  -

 

         
   
  
 
  

   
 
 
 
   
   
  
   

  

 
