is bigger for the money.

There are no premiums for the wrappers now

during war time, so of course we give you full value in the way of a

bigger bar of the same good old
You can’t beat it

for splendid econo

Comfort Sodp—the housewife’s favorite.
«as a. work saver inthe home—you can't beat it

my.

The new bigger Comfort bar—get it!

I

Fo

Ze
EL 1 |

il
Sh

op ;
af

ASK FOR OUR PRICES

Rough and Dressed Lumber,
Shingles, Lath, Plank, -
Sash, Doors,
Frames, Mouldings,
Wall Boards, &c.

Tie J. I. Paik Estate
LUMBER YARD

Amherstburg, Ont. _

nfrieefesiorisstecisnforforfoctsefertectectect

ofsnfonfeoortenfonioctentacgosfenfoetoctscfortecfecforfefesfonfectonts

sfroleeieslecioslesiosonhoeforte

fe

Notice to Creditors.

of the Estate of Rossannah
" re ave af the Town of Amherstburg,
in the County of Essex, Widow, de=

NOTICE Ja hereby on pursuant to ihe
Statute In that behalf that all persons hav-
ing claims against the estate of the sald
Roseannah Ong, who died on or about the
10th day of January, 1918, are required to
send by post Repaid or deliver to the
undersigned, Solicitor for Leroy Ong and
Herbert Brott, the executors of she said es.
tale, on or before the Twenty-third day of
February, 1018; their names and addresses,
full HT of thelr claims and the
natare of the security, If any, held by
them.

And further notice 18 hereby given that
altor the sald Twenty-third day of February,
1018, the sald Executors will proceed to
distribute, the assets qf the sald stato
among the persons entitled thereto,
regard only to clalms of which they shal
then have notice; and the sald Executor
will not Do lable for the sald assets or

rt thercofl to any person or persons
ose claim notiée, shall nat haye been
recelyod at the,time of such distriution.

FRANKLIN A.. HOUGH,
Solicitor for the sald Executors.
Dated at Amherstburg this 4b day of Feb-
ruary, 1918.

Mytigable Waters Protection
ren Ad

R. 5. 0. Chapter 118,

 

Bruner, Mond Canada, Limited, hereby
give nizjes that they have, under Section
7 of ina sald Acs, deposited wilh the Min-
Ister of public ork at Ottawa, and in
the hes fon the Registry Division of the
County of Essex at Sandwich, & descrip-
tion of tha site and of the plans of the
waterworks, pumpbouse and intake pipo
proposed to Ag grected in the Detroit River
on the water\iot in front of Lot Number
Seven In the Fest Concession of the Town-
ship of Andel

AND TAKE N
ation of ane mo!

ICE that aftar the oxpir-
from the date of the
nirst publication this notice, Brunner,
Mond, Can: Lim) will under Section
of the suid’ Ack, %oply to the Minister of
« Public Works at hil omeco (n the City of
“tiawa, for-sppravah or the said sie’ and
plang. and for ™ construc
Waterworks pump. hokse- and intake pipe.

Dited at. Amherstbuty this (4th day of
February, 1048.

'BRUNNER, MOND CAD. LIMITED.
Avyction SarE
Hor

Farm. Stock, Implements, &c.,

Public |
Colchiestor South, hyp.
oy the Townline, on | Rj.

Thre will be offered for sale by
Auctioniat 9
Tle South of AFIGE

WONDAY, MARCH \1th, 1048

gs. The. following:

pose

the said |

Hl

IB i Zz.

Th

a
|

BY-LAW No. ---

A By-Law to provide for Drainage Work In the Township of ColchestéF South, in the
County of Essex, and for borrowing on the credit of the Municipality the sum of
Four Hundred and Ninegen Dollars and Thirty Cents for completing the same.
Provisionally. adopted the 4th day of February, A. D. 1018.

Whereas the majority In numbep of the ent and non-resident owners (exclusive
of farmers’ sons not actual owners), ss sho by the last revised Assessment Roll, of
thie property hereinafter set forth to be benefitted by drainage work, that is to say,
by constructing a tile drain along Queen Street in the Village of Harrow, have petition-
cd the Council of the sald Township ofGolehester South praying that the lands on the
East side of ‘Queen Street in the Village of Harrow, from Munger Avenue to’ the Philip
Ferriss Drain, may be drained by means of a Tile Drain. }

And whereas, thereupon the sald Council has procurdd an examination to be made
by J.J. Newmar, being a person competent for such purpose, of the sald area pro-
fossa to he drained, and the means suggested for the drainage thereof, and of other
ands and roads lible to assessment under the Municipal Drainage Act, and has also
procured plans, specifications and estimates of the drainage work to be made by tie
sald J. J. Newman anid aif assessment to bo made by him of the lands and roads %o bo
benefitted by Such drainage work, and of other lands and roads liable tor contribution
thereto, stating as nearly as he can the [ronartion of benef, outlet liability and (njur-
ing lability which, in his opinion, will be derived or incurred in consequenco of such
drainage work by overy road and lot, or portion of lot, the sald assessment so made
being the assessment hereinafter by this by-law enacted to be assessed and levied upon
tho roads and. lois, or parts of lois, hereinafter in thst benalf specially set forth and
described; and the report of the saldd. J. Newman In respect thereof, and of the sald

drainage work being as follows :—
o Windsor, Ont., Octobar 20th, 1917,

To the Reeve and Municipal Council of the Township of Colchester South: —

Gentlemen,—In compliance with your instructions, | have made an examination,
survey, report, etc., af the drain petitioned for by Thomas Vincent and others, and now
report theron as follows: 1

1 commenced my survey at the Filip
Thence I followed along the East side ¢
Avenue, In the Police Village of Harrow.

I find that there Is at present a 12 tile drain from the Ehinp
noint about 722. feet south thereof at the catch basin near the line be
Gordon Arner and W. H. Ferriss. From the last mentioned point to the Southerly side
of Sinasac Avenuo there has been a 7'* tlie-drain constructed, but thes Iass mentioned
drain 8 so shallow. and so poorly laid that ft, in fact, is of very little benefit. to the
lands It was Intended to drain, and as a consequence the lands South of the Pere Mar-
quotte Railay are nooded with overy small freshet that comes.

In order 10’ overcome this diMiculty, and thus afford proper. drainage to the lands
and roads affected, I would recommend that a 12% tile drain be constructed from, (he
catch basin near the line between the lands of Gordbn Arner and W. MH. Ferriss td the
catch hasin at the Southerly slde of Sinasac Avenue, and a 7** tile drain be constructed
from the last mentioned point (o the northerly [dé of Munger avenue, all 85 Shown an
the accompanying profilo -and specifications.

I further find that (t will be necessary to construct a drain ander tho tracks ef
the ‘Pere Marquette Railroad with 12 sewer, crock laid in concrete, as shown on the
accompanying pronle. .

L gstimate the cost of constructjig this portion of the drain at the sum of $150.00,
1 estimate the cost of constructing” 12 rd tile: drain for the same distance at the
sum of 813.80, making a difference In cost, the sum of $136.20. This last mentioned
amount 1 have assessed against the Pare Marquette Railroad Company to be borne and
contrbuted by I8 In case it does not exorcise Its option of constructing the sald drain
within a reasonable timo and. without unnecessary delay. 3 3

Should the Rallway Company construct the drain under the tracks above men-
tioned, then the Township wil PY. to the sain Sompany the sum of $13.80,

My estimate of the cost of the whole of the above work, together with ‘all inel-
dental ‘expenses, except the Pere Marquette Railroad crossing, IS tne sum of 8410.30,
Or this amount 1 have assessed the 1ands which are benefitted by or use the sald drain
as an’ outles,’ with the sum of 3286.00, and the Jownship of. Colchester South for roads
with tho sum of §133.30, as Is more fully set forth in the schedule of assessment
hereto attached. ¥

I would“furthér recommend that this drainage work be kept uj and maintained at
the expense of tho lands and roade herein asSessed for 118 construct on, snd In the pro-
portion berein contained until otherwise determined by the report of an engineer under
the provisions of the Municipal Drainage Act. ‘ bh

Accompanying this report you will find a copy of this report, plans and speeilicas
tions for the pumose of securing the appraval of the Rallway Commission, shiuld 1t be
found mecessary 10 secure such approval before the Pere Marquette Railway will con-
struct the drain under their tracks. - .

All af which I$ respectfully submitted.

Ferriss Drain on the East side of Queen Street,
Queen Street to the Northerly side of Munger

Ferriss Drain to a
tween the. lands of

(Signed) J. I. NEWMAN,

. E. {
od And uhoruss the sald council are of opinion that the drainage of the area Uescribed
$ desirable.

Therefore the sald Municipal Council of the sald Township of Colchester South,
pursuant to the provisions of the Municipal Drainage’Act, enacts as follows:

jst. The sald report, plans, specifications, assessments and C5timates aro hereby.
adopted, and tho drainage work as herein indicated and sot forth shall be made and

constructed in aceordance therewith. ,

2nd. The reeve of the said Jownship of Colchester South may borrow on the
credit, of the Corporation of the sald Municipality of Colohester. South the sum of Four
Hundred and Nineteen Dollars and thirty cenis, being the funds necessary for sald
work mot otherwise provided for, and may {ssue_Debentures of the: Corporation to
that amount In sums of nat less than Fifty Dollard each, and payable within .6 Years
from the date of the sald Debentures, with interest at the rate of 6 por centum por
annum, that is to say, in five equal annual (nstalments, such debentures to he payable
at the imperial Bank, Harrow, and to have attached to them Coupons for the payment of
interest. = . ' ;

3rd. For paying the sum of $140.00, the amount charged against the sald lands
and roads for benefit, and the sur of $126.00, the amount charged against said lands
and roads for outlet Tinbility, and the sum of § tho amount charged against sala
lands and roads for injuring lability, apart from lands and roads belongips 10 or con-
trolled by the municipality, and for covering: Interest thereon for. 5 years al the rate
of § per cent, per annum, the following total special Fates, ove anu: Above all other
rates, Shall he assessed, levied and collected (in the same manher And at the same
time as other taxes aro lovied and.collected) uiboh and’ from the unddrnentioned lots
and parts of lots and roads, and the amount of the sa(d total special Thicy and interest
Against oach lot or, p. of lot yespaolively shall bo divided. into ive equal parts, and
ong such pars shall be assessed, Tovied and collected as aforesaid, fn each r
flvo years after tle final passing Of this by-law, during which the said Dopentufes
haye to run. AL

£538

475
8

 

ears
at six FR cont
Totdl 8

Rate.

Ww

1 -
Namo of Owners

Value of
Benefit

Value of
Outlet
Linbility
Total Value
of Liability
To gover inter|
eat for bof -

"Acros

|

{ Concession

14 —— bos ¥
Wm. H Foreisa... SI%
Pero Maru. Ry 2

P a.
3 Ci 4 Bi n 812, us& a
A cont nor- 3 Flan aia, Lord

3 PLA: ..
Plan 10 .,..
10 =

»
=
=

«2

g83328s82sss55s2s

SIESEELREpEIS
y "

sHEEESNY

‘ 83228823
SESSURSERELERESS

; BESEEES
IT TP

Sxxnome

¥
!

2S82=8ss=2
——oaSwne

tip Ee

03

HERREER4SRRS2

3

Plan 412, Lots.
Finn i Let 71...

0

51

mga ep

228 00lnaSERRE SEE
1 3S

Ess sSsE82s3

I
:
;

1 eeBo~uaca

=2§
gsss

==

gl

“deposit with the

: Saturdnyy, Fabry 23rd.

Council met in regular sbssion with
all members presont. Minntes of Inst
meeting read and, on motion, adopted.

A communication from R. Oode, of
Windpor, making aplication for town:
ship engineer, wes read and ordered

d.

a M. Webb addressed the council
fn rofl to the vork of the Patriotic
and hed (7088 Soclaties of Kingaville
and Gopfief) South. The amount of

expenses, over and abovo the work .

0 ladios of maid society,
done +f = aod the funds wore ex-
Hausted. ~The work would have to
stop unlens the town and township
connclls wolld assist them by way of

a grant,—LAll ovor.

Leonard Malott presented on ac. |

count for $86.46, for work done on
fro ron: 4917.—Ordored paid.

"BE. Marchand addressod the council
in regard tg the outlet on 6th con. or
N. T. L.

Moved by Messrs. Leoning Dalton,
that Mr. Johnson Interview the coun-
cil of Gosfield North in rogard to Mr.
Marchand’'s ond also Mr, Hutchins’
complaint of earth on land, T. DI 96.—
Carried.

A petitiop Wns presented t6 the
council by P: G. Malott and twenty-one
other ratepsyers in Gesfield South to
open up the. road allavance across
lofs 2 and 3 In the 1st concession,
western Division.

Moved ty ‘Messrs, Peterson and
Leeming- that the reove-be and is here-
by authorized to have eoa’d road al-
lowance across lots 2 and 3,1st con-
cession, W.:D., opened up for public
travel, putting tho same In proper
condition for suid purpose.—Carried.

A communication from J. T. Hanni-
gan, secretdry of the Ontario Munici-
pal Electri¢ Association, asking the
council for their co-operation fn pe-
titioning the» Federal Government, to
appoint J. W. Lyons, Presidert of the
Hydro Blectirlc Asoclation, to be ap-
pointed to the Senate of Canada,

Moved by Messrs, Leeming and Dal-
ton, that same ‘be laid over.—Carried.

The agreement with James McGill
for the construcition of the steel bridge
over Cedar Creeelt was presented to
the council for their approval.

By-law No. 265, confirming -the

agreement, wos read. the neccesary
number of tinnes and passed.
* After conplidering the matter of a
grant applied for by Mr. Webb for the
Patriotic amd Red Cross, it was moved
by Mesmrs. Dalton and Leeming, that
the sum of $85 be granted monthly,
commencing January 1st, 1918, to be
divided between different societies in
Gosffield South and Kingsville.—Car-
ried. .

Om motion, the following accounts
wer passed: —$17.60, Lewis Jeffrey,
showelling snow; $317,73. B. Smith,
showelling snow; $4.65, R. Leeming.
showelling snow; $42.08, P. Clark,
sinoveling snow; $4.50, B. Coghill,
shoveling snow; $8, Charles Sellars,
shovelling snow; $19,23, A. Lockwood,
shovelling snow; $44.71, G. Orton.
$41, A. J. Gunning, work on road;
$3.50, George Henry, shovelling snow;
$8.25," H. Lee, shovelling snow; $4.76,
Pater C. Fox, shovelling snow; $10.45,
Delbert Wigle, shovelling snow; $40.
60, W. H. Hellems, auditors’ report,
etc.; $21.70, N. J. Stephens, work on
roads; $1.75, G. W. . Contaworth, ex:
press on repairs to{ scraper; $600, Jas.
McGill, on | contrast Cedar. . Creek
bridge. 5

Council adjourned:

T

QUEER MIX-UP IN NEW HOUSE

Peculiar Results Caused by Abnormal
Issues and Conditions.

LARGEST MAJORITY EVER

Lost Deposits Total $27,000—interest-
ing Analysis on Various Lines.

Final returns of the general election
made avallable Friday by the receipt
of the Soldiers’ vote in Great Britain
show a number of striking results.
Abnormal conditions and issues pro-
duced some very peculiar results, em-
Jphasgizing the queer ‘mix-up in. repre-
sentation and parties fn the new Par-
llnment. A net Gavernment majority
of sixty-eight, so far, with the Yukon
and Nelson constituencies to hear
'from, {s by all odds the largest in the
history of Confederation. Civilian ma-
Jorities of upwards of a thousand for
Opposition candidates have been turn-
ed into" majorities for the Government
candidates by the soldiers’ votes. In
Nipissing, for ‘instance, whore the
civilian vote gave Lapierre a major-
ity of 1,339, the soldiers’ vote has con-
verted this Into .a majority of 44 for
Harrison, the Government candidate;

135 Deposits Lost.

No fewer than a “hundred and
thirty-five candidates lost their elec:
tion deposits, which means that $27,
000 will" be turned into the Treasury
, by them to help pay war expenses. Of
these 136 who lost their deposits, 110
. were Opposition candidates and 26
Government candidates.

In Ontarfo 41 Opposition Candidates
lost thelr deposits, and/in Quebec 22
Government candidates lost their: de-
posits. Every Labor candidate ex-
cept Rollo in Hamilton received fewer
votes than the succéssful candidate's
majority, and consequently their $200
4 ing Officer
i will'not be handed back.
| “Creedal and Racial Divisions.

But ithe most significant result. of
the election is in connection’ with the
,very manifest creodal and racial di-
vision of ‘the new House. : In Sir Wil-
frid Laurier’s’ following of 82 men
only 16 are Protestants, while in the
Government follow of 161 only a
half a dozen are Roman Catholics,
and only one, Dr. Chabot, of Ottawa,
Is a French-Canadian. . One-third of
tho population acco) to race have
no ntative In the: Cabinet, and
, to creed only one represent

genie ils Sue
membory ahs mative to 1s
nglish, four trom Nova. Scotia. t

on there are only 22

0

f

| A Truck for the Farmer

Jraeu equipment which will effect a time and labor-

saving, an
fully considered

The farm wagon, which for
of all farm e
ol h oy a f d

aul any farm product—fruit, grain, vegetabl
stock, fertilizer, or uy 2 ho
town or city many miles distant,
at a much lower cost.

+ The Ford
very

designed for

or

serviceable means of tran
your farm will save you weeks o
and will enable you to
age with less difficulty.

The Ford truck is supplied as a chassis only. This per-
mits you to select any of the many body styles

therefore a money-saving, must be care-

by every good farmer now-a-days.

I ears was the most useful
ulpment, is now being replaced on the best
dy, dependable motor truck. The truck

the farm, or to the
in half the time, and

Oné-Ton truck is a rapid, economical and
ort. One of these on
time in a single season
pass through a crisis of labor short-

I ‘especially
the Ford truck and already on'the market.

Thus you can mount the one which suits your individual
requirements.

Price $750 f.o.b. Ford, Ont.
KEMP FURNITURE CO.

, Dealers, Amhersthur

F.H. BRANTON, Dealer, Harrow.

 

Sandwich West Council.

Saturday, February 16th.

Council met as per adjournment. All
members present. Minutes of last
meeting ‘were read and adopted.

Movéd by Messrs. Lounsborough and
Droulllard; that the following accounts
be paid; Alonzo Ouellette $14.50, Ro;
Johnson $9, James Pitosky $3, Mrs,
Carnaghie $10.81, for provisions, and
Maxime Laframboise $4,60, Frederick
Lucier $10, Louis Lamont $45, for work
done; Dilphis Bolsmier, $16, for wood
for town hall and a poor person; Ed.
Reaume $2.10, Alberic Reaume' $5.10,

Dan Field $3, Wm. Quick $4.80, Gus

Peck $3, Henry Oliver $3, Alex. Grand-
maison $3, Henry Girard $2.10, Milton
Moore $1.20, Ernest Moore $1,20, Geo.
Hedridge $2, Bd. Pare $2.10, Rene
Janisse $10, Eugene -Durocher $1.50,
Arpene Resume $2.50, Ed. Denison
$1.60, James Vollans $5, Ernest Bouf-

ford $7 (for wood), Fred. Bondy $2,
Job. Pare $3, Jatob Girard -$10; Noe

Hiron $3, Martin Broderick $3.90, John
Fenn $9.30, Bertie Vollans $4.90, Chas.
Gunn 90c, Roy McKee $5.40, Elisha
McKéo $4, Thoms. Baines $4,90, Jas.
Benwell $4.90, Mrs. Goodchild $2, John
Gunn $4, Wilfrid Nantais $87, Arch.
Mayville $10, Sam. Meloche $101.60,
Ell Bezaire $4, Frank Jessop $56, Fred.
Sorelle - $6, Adolph  Soulliere $6.60,
Adrian Meroux $4, James Scott $3,
Pat. ‘Rocheleau $4, Fred. Dupuis $3,
Ferdinand Pare 36.50, Louis Besette
$1.80, Eddy, Vigneux $3, Henry Lauzon
$1.50, Thos, Allard $1.50, Max Allard
$1.60, Albert Droulllard $1.60, all for
road work and shovelling snows, Ern-
‘eat Bondy, $36.35, for stationery -to
date; - Victor Mnarentette, $9.35, for
stationery.—Carried. J

Moved by Messrs. Rocheleau and
Droulllard, that J. J. Bondy be pald
$99 for provision furnished to one
Henry Hiron, and also Albemy Janigse
$23, for the burial of a child of his,
and that said amounts be charged to
him.—Carried.

Moved by Messrs. Lounsbdrough and
Hiron, that J. J. Bondy bé:paild $18:79,
for provision to Mrs. Randles, by order
of the Board of Health.—Carried.

Moved by Messrs, Drouillard and
Hiron, that the name of Albert Gignac
be substituted by the name of Albert
Maloche as pathmaster.—Carried: , 7

Moved by Messrs. Drouillard and
Lounsboropgh, that the name of Fran-
cis Tourangeau be substituted by the
mme of” Henry Oliver as pathmaster’
—Carried. *

‘Moved by Messrs Hiron and Louns-
borough, that the name of ‘Arsene Du-
four be substituted by the name of Na-
polgon Gignac, as pathmaster for 1918,
and that the name of Salin Meloche he
substituted by the name of George Cou-
sinéau for 1918. —Carried, 8

Mr. ‘Rochelean’ gives noticofthint he
will introduce a by-law to amend By-
law No. 280%.

.. Moved by Messrs... Droulllard and
Hiron, that Mr, Rocheleau's by-law. be
read the different times and passed. —
Carried. . SETI

Mr, Lounsborough gives notice that
‘he will introduce a by-law. for voting
on the Essex Border Public Utilities
Commissith report, ete.

Moved by Mossrs. Rocheleau and
Droulllard, that Mr. Louusborough's
by-law be read the different times and
passed. —Carried.

Mr. Hiron gives notice that he will
introduce a by-law to raise the neces-
sary amount on the Bridge "avenue
\pavement. 3

obec, | Moved by Messra. Rochelonu. and

Lounshorough, Sint the Bridge Avent

| Tota®

bX
Sx
vein

Fob dbl

{WE HAVE IN. STOCK

SHINGLES, LATH, CEDAR POSTS, BARN BOARDS,

JOISTS, MOULDINGS*OF ALL KINDS, DOOR SASH,

: RUBBEROID ROOFING,
Place your order with us and save money

JOEN FRASER
: Planing Mill and Lumber Yard -
AMHERSTBURG, ONT.

Std btbb bbb bbb bd bbb bbb

GOVERNMENT NOW. -
HAS 68 MAUORIT

 

» Auction SALE
, —OP—
Soldiers’ Votes in England Turn Over

Two Seats in Ontario Farm Stock, Implements, Ete.,

There willbe sold by Public Auction af
Lot. 0. Colchester South, 3 mile north of
Harrow, on

‘TUESDAY, MARCH 12th, 1018

llowing:—1{ Brown Mare, aged tf".
1 Bay Horse, aged 1B years; 1 }
god 5 years; { Grade. Durhsm COW,
aged 8 years; { Grade Jersey Cow, if
yi 5 Shoats; 200 bushels of
of Hay; 1 McCormick Binder,
: 1 Massey-Harris Mower; 1
two-furrow Plow; {1 Sot ‘
y-Harris  two-horse Ivasor;. |
(n ; 1 "Oliver" two-horse Culiivelor; §
Walking Plow; { Black Hawk Corn Plant-
er; 1 Land . Roller; 1 Windsor a
Plow; 1-AWagon (nearly now):
and” Box; 1 Top BI H
1 pair Bob-Sleighs:

SOUTH’ PERTH AND NIPISSING

Dr. Steele Has 57 More than Forrester
—Harrison Wins by 44.

Returns of the soldiers’ vote in Eng-
land for Ontario and Alberta received
at noon Friday by W. Fi O'Connor,
General Returning Officer, complete
the election results. Leaving out the
Pukon, in. regard .to which there is a
dispute over the goldiers’ vote, and
Nelson; Man., where the\ dlection is
deferred, the Governmentgnow has a
majority of 68. ‘Last figures. for On-
tario put South Perth and Nipissing >
counties in the Government column.
Harold, Liberal-Unionist, has been
elected for Brant, over Col. Harry
Cockshutt, the straight Conservative.
There are no changes recorded for Al-
berta, White, the successful Liberal
candidate in Victoria, winning by a
considerable margin, In South. Ren-
fraw, Pedlow, Liberal, holds the seat
by a majority of 61. Hon. Frank Oli
ver has been defeated in West Bdmon-
ton by a majority of about 2,700.

In South Perth, Dr. Steele, Govern-
ment, received 118 soldiers’ votes
England, giving hima a total of 2,770,
Forrester, his opponent, with only 3
soldiers’ votes, has a total of 23,713!

Harrison, the Government candidate
in Nipissing, with 408 .ecldiers’ votes
has a total of 6,411.  Laplerre, his op-

i | COURT OF REVISION.

forty of 44; - (Sec. 33 (@ wna . :

Col. Martin's total in South Renfrew
with 247 soldiers’ votes, is 3,188, while
Pedlow, his Liberal opponent, with 28
oversens votes, hao 3,244 to his credit.

Harold, in Brant, received 249 sol-
diers’' votes in England, making his
total of 2,107. Cockshutt, with 4 sol-
on, has fallen behind, with

Fanning Mill; 1 Corn Shelle

agnet” Separator; 1 Darrel Chum; .
Cuphoard::1 set Scales, weigh 240 hs.: 1
Couch: Rocking Chairs; 1 “Radiant |
Home" Coal Stove; 1 Iron Bedstead: 1 Cook
Stove; 50 Chickens (cash); 3 Oak Barrels;
Forks; Shovels: Spades, and other articles
100 Numerous to mention. 2

Salo to begin at 1 P. M. sharp,

TERMS—AIl sums at or under $10 cash;
over that amount: 10 months’ credit on
rurnisliing approved jomt notes, or 6 per
cent, straight off for cash on sums en-
ttled 10 credit.

CLARK & ATKIN,

THOS. RIDSDALE,
Auctioneers,

Propriotor. © ©

TAKE NOTICE THAT :

(1) The Council of the Corporal
the Town of Amherstburg has
83 a local improvement: &

(9) Sewer on Laird Avene.

(3) The cost of the work {8 $1.1:

of which $243.65 (5 to ba’paid

poration. . The special vate p
15 $4.116.° Tha sp

10 bo paid In twenty snausl

(4) The estimated lif
work Is twenty years.

dlera’. vot

total of 2,038. 2

The final results In Essex county
are as follows: : -

Essex North—Wigle (Government)
—Civilinn, 5,379; N. American, 310; Ww
RITE, 50 omar Bal, |) pou oy

Kennedy (Opposition)—Clvillan; 7,- | 7.30 o'clock Pl. In th
071; N. American; 65; Great Britain, | Amberstbui EL
21; continental, 21 Total, 7,168. Ma-|Sunts
dorig for Konnedy, 4p No Shiange. un

Espox—Bricn —
Civilian, 3,331; N. iy con- |
nental, 164; Groat. a \
2 Jere. ernment Sw

 
