the dainty lingerie they

In the Embroidery shop are all the fine Bagings
Embrolderics Insertions and

Washable

2 woman could use on
ell as for baby clothes.

a tendency to slimness, $1.10 to $2.25.
The Aprons, which can be worn as Louse dresses,

are varied, well

 

a
shredded

GROCER S

DOORN IR) CRORE)
QO Q oan hs.

TOWN AND COUNTY.
—Everybody doing It—eating Spad’'s
ios cream.
—P” M. Kemp. Rankin
gradually ting
—Four 2
Beckett's te

vice.
© —Mr, and Mr2. AM. E. Sickelsteel, of

Detroit, spent the week-end with her
brother, Capt. F. J. Trotter, Park St

—Jud BE. Smith has purchased an
ice cream and confectionery business
in Detroit, and takes over same this
week.

—Be Ready—For the canvass by the
Red Cross Circle of the Method(st
<hurch for “Treasures and Trinkets”
for the melting pot on Sth, 9th and
10th of May. Proceeds for Y. M. C
A. for soldiers’ comforts.

—Leamington has also decided to
undertake Improvement to ts water
works system and Is negotiating for

avenue, is

at Cc, Ww,

a site upon which to erect a reservoir |*

holding 1,200,000 gallons to meet the
requirements of ‘the Fire Underwrit-
ers’ Association.

—Edwin Pearce, son of Principal |
Pearce, ‘who has been employed at
the Brunner, Mond. went. to London
on Monday to enlist, but was turned
down as physically” unfit owing to
chronic ear “trouble. Mr. Pearce
showed his good intentions and can
now settle down to work.

—L. D., Hankinson, of Aylmer, of-
ficer of the Ontario Corn Growers As-
sociation, was In town on Tuesday
arranging with John Parks and Fréd,
Mickle to handle the car of Delaware
seed corn which will be shipped here
for distribution among the corn grow-
ers.

—Following officers were recently
elected in the Sacred Heart Society
of R. C. church:—President, Mrs. A.
Brown; 1st Vice-Pres., Miss Mary Sul-
Uvan;' 2nd Vice-Pres., . Mrs. Henry
Reaume; Secretary, Miss Elmire
Burns; Treasurer, Mrs. Fugene Cad-

© arel. “There will be a meeting of the
society next Monday night.

—Loule Phillips,’ who recently pur.
chased the Cousins black, corner Aps-
ley and Murray streets, has closed a
deal with a’ Chatham merchant to
open a general store there shortly.
Mr. Phillips fs also getting plans for
-2bullding he place and erecting a
howling alley at tae rear, if war prices
do not frighten him wheg Lg =afs the
constryciton Watimates. ;

—S8r, Lieutenant J. F. Gleason, of
the U-boat chaser S. S. No; 22, is home
on a 14-day furlough. While over
here he visited his grandmother, Mrs.
D. J. Girardin, and aunt, Mrs, AC.
Callam. Lieutenant Gleason enlisted
in the navy last September at Cleve:
land and was made Enaign immed.
Iately, gaining his new title of Lieu.
tenant in recognition of valor shown
while engaged In“the service,

—On a certain day. in June, the
exact date of which has yet to be de-
termined, every man and woman /In
the Dominion who has attained the
age of 16 years will he réquired to
rogister. The registration wil likely
be done In some such form by boards,
as was adopted at the last -Fedoral
elections in getting the list of voters.
There will be a general registrar for
each riding and he will have the ap-
pointment  6f epumerators for ench
polling. sub-division.

, ~The unveiling of tle service flag
in- Wesley ‘Epworth League on Mon-}
* day night was 0 .very Interesting pat-
rlotlc event. The place wag crowded
to the doors, and the main feature of
the evening was preceded by a pro:
gram of: real merit, consisting of solos
‘by ‘Wm. Manson: flag dialogue: and
ol 8, 6 little girls; rengings, Mrs,
W. 8. Wigle; two" selections by Mins
Barrett's Glee Club; readings, Miss
Hlizabeth Hough; trio, Misges Tonge
and Wigle; solo, Mj
solo,

Wigle. Soturied

SEEDS for Early Planting.
Our Spring Seeds are now all on display.

Come in and secure your “Greater Production Supply”
before they are picked over.

J. H .LOVEG ROVE Phone 8, Amherstburg, Ont.

stronger 8

cut, of good washable lasting ma-

 

 

—Read L. Bertrand’s great furni-
ture sale on page 4.

—Miss
| couple of Weeks in Boston.

—Brunner, Mond Special sundaes, at
Saad’'s. Everybody knows where,

—Come “in and Inspect our new
| Spring Suits and Overcoats. D. F.
Melvin. :

—See our line of Silk Shirts ‘and
Collars; also “Victory” Linen Collars.
D. F. Melvin.

—Hello, boys! Cigars, tobacco,
cigaretes and playing cards, at Ci-’'W.
| Beckett's.

~Don’t forget ‘to order that made-
to-measure suit at Melvin's. Satis
{faction guaranteed.

—No. 1 onions, 75 cents; No. 2
onions, first class for planting, 25
and 50 cents per bushel, at Brault's,

—Mrs. W. J. Duncan and children

|left on Monday on an extended visit
with relatives at Winnipeg and Cal’
gary.
. , oo —Seed Potatocs—Early 6 Weeks,
daughter ‘of | Trish Cobblers, Rural New Yorker;
serfously ill {also some fine yellow turnips for sale
in Windsor. | at. Brault's.

—Capt. .J. 'S, McQueen apd crew | —"Power,” a magazine which should
have gone to Kingston to fit ont the {be of great interest to many young
steamer Clty of Dresden. men around. town, {8s now coming

—Andrew, Darragh, engineer at the regularly to ‘the Public Library. A
Chalmers“ Auto Co., Walkerville, has few of the. new technical books re.
arrived home to spend the summer, cently purchased haye been placed on

—3Mliss Della Marks returned to De- [the shelves;
trolt Tuesday, accompanied by her | —Everybody’s doing it, * Even the
nepliew, Wyman Botsford, after cars on the S, W. & A. electric rail-
spending a week in this vicinity. | way started running on the new time

—The Mission ¥ Band of EY morning. The schedule

oo

oda
defo le
Gibb 1s sinking fast,
# —Mrs. David Wright, who has been
very ill. as a good deal improved. «of
—See Melvin's full line of children's |
“Bustér Brown" hose, in all colors.
—Saad’s ice creamJparlor and soft
drink fountain has been opened for the
season.
—Mrs.© Alex. Cra
Capt. James Jarmin, is

church, assisted by other talent, will remains unchanged, and this removes
put on a concert the evening of May [the last bit of ‘confusion there was
24th See later announcements. switching to legal time,

—The ice jam fn St, Clair river! Services will be held in the A. M.
was broken Sunday : morning and | E. church, King street, on Sunday as
since that time a big string of lake follows: 11 am. Miss Lyons will
freighters Is passing up and down the | preach; 2.30 p-m., Sunday school;
river, 7.30 p.m., Epworth League; 830 p.m,,

—The steamer Australia, Capt. Ed. | preaching by Miss Lyons. 'A cordial
Gatfield from Lake Michigan to Lake welcome to all
Erie, was the first loaded steamer —Drawing for the Red Cross cush-
through the Livingstone channel for ion presented to the Homé Study Club
the season. by Mrs. Major Millard took place at

- E. Seagrave & Co. manufac-|the regular meeting of the club at the
turers ‘of fire apparatus and extension (home of Mrs, A. Hackett on Tuesdily
ladders, have made an assignment to |afternoon. Mrs. (Dr.) French. held
J. W. Coatsworth, of Walkerville, for {the lucky ticket and won the cushjon.
theibenefit of thelr creditors. | —George Boak  hns purcliased the

—St. Thomas newspapers have In. Comerford house dnd lot, Rankin ave-
creased their rates to $6 a year in |nue, at present occupied by Mrs; J, P.
St. Thomas, $4 in Aylmen,. delivered, { Jones, and will, move: in this week,
and $3.50 by mail. The new subpcrip- | Mrs: Jones golug to the Bowman
tion rate went into effect on May 1st. | house lately vacated by Dr. Abbott.

—Our fee cream 18 pure, and as good | The deal was put through by Miss
as ever, velvety smooth and delicious, Sullivan.

In pints, quarts or gallons at any time —Wesley church, Sunday, May 5th:
You wish. » Delivered to your home, Speciabiservices, sacrament of the
C. J. Saad. Phone 146. Lord's supper and reception of mmem-

—Mr. and Mrs. Jefl. Davis, accom- [bers at 11.30 am. The school will
panied by the latter's. sister, Miss [meet at 10.30 a.m.; Brotherhood 9,30
Brothers, and Miss Beckett, sister of [am. At 7.30 am. the Men's Chorus
C. W. Beckett, G. N. W. talegraph,| will sing. Special address, subject:
agent, motored from Strathroy to [“Men with Iron In Their Blood.” ;
Ambhersthurg, this week, and spent a It Is ahnounded fiom the office of
few days, | the deputy registrar fin London that

—Following_ofcers wore elected |men of Category B “in Military . Dis-
by, Wesley Ladies’ Afd on Wednesday: ftrict No. 1, ordered up for hearinf
Hon. Pres, Mrs:“L. W. Reld; Pres. |bofore tribunals, Swill go before they
dent, Mrs) "P. ones: First. Vice. exemption boards on May 7th, It'ig
Pres, Mrs. F. P. Smith; Second Vige- | expected “that ft will take from ten
President, Mrs. Fred. Brown; Rec. |days to two weeks to hear the 1,600
Sec, Mrs. A. W. Marsh; Cor. Sec., leases, -
Mri. R.' Dorsey; Treas. Mrs. E. H, | ~—Pattypldces Limited, = Bullders’
Pearce; - Auditor, Mrs. H. Park. Supplies, have in stock sewer crook,

—Windor has ‘@me in out of the [fue linings, fire brick and clay, ce-
cold and has adopted’ ‘he Government mont, bulk lime, hard wall ‘plaster,
time, * At a meeting of the manufac hydrated lime, plaster pars, mortar
turers and business mea Monday af-{ color, white cement. ET@y wainscot-
ternoon, a"Tresolution Rffarod by Geo, | ting, corner beading, hair, Bishopric
Rason, manager of ne Widaor | stucco board, sacket
branch of the Frederick\Stearns Co., | beaver board, sand and
pledging the city’s support to ran new | lath, wall coping, etc,
time, being carried by a vote of 2 to | —~During fogs or heavy smoke, St.
24. It usually takes Windsor two to | Clair Flats canal, St. Clair river, be-
three weeks to catch up with public (tween the canal and Russell fsland;
sentiment, | Livingstone channel, between Lake

—A despatch from St. Thomas | Erle and Fighting Island; ship canal
suys: “District Engineer F. H. wil. [at upper middle west side buoy No.
Son, of the Hydro-Electric Co mig- 13, and the main channel crossing be-
Slon of Toronto, was in St. Thomas [tween Bello Isle and Peche Island,
Saturday and inspected all the many- | 4F¢ not to be unvigated by vessels,
facturing plants in the city, which pos-( This agreement has been reached
sibly can revert to steam operation, | between Capt. D, F. A. deOtte, U. S.
and advised thelr ‘owners to prepare | No» section patrol commander of the
to do 80 in the*near future. Orders | Kréi€ lakes, and shipmagters and of-
have also been recefved by Manager | ficers. These rules are to prevent ac-
E. H_ Cuughell, local maneger there, | cldénts in narrow channels. = Capt.
asking him to conserve the electric | deOtte’s fleet will war on launches and
supply as much as possible which {s | Other small craft that disobey. war
now being used for al] ‘purposes, and |Fegulations prohfbiting the drifting by

that there must be a (OF fishing near, freighters ‘in Detroit
further cut of 200 horse-power in the | Fiver. Thik is to prevent disloyal por-
present consumption,” Similar action | ons placing obstructions to naviga-
being taken in various other Hydro. ton In tho river. ‘The patrol- com-
using cities and towns in Ontario in. | Mander requests yachtsmen and power
dicates that there fs small chance of|boat operators to assist naval vessels
Bssex county municipalities, where [ID maintaining a proper policing of
the Hydro-Power Commission recently | Fiver trafic this summer.
took over the present system, being
Juice until after

"| Sister” Adella fn dhe
at St. Joseph's Aclidemy on Thursday |
evening of last week. It was & musi-

cal treat long to be remembered and
both teacher and pupils were
Jered with

gravel, metal

for additional help and fn many cases
it Is Impogkible to obtain it.

ry
casing manners, evident in both
and the older pupils. - Those
Icipated in the program were
Mi , Dorothy and Dori
nd, R. R A

Hazel Falls is spending a

(dent In the chair,

plaster board, |-difr.

MALDEN.

Read L. Bertrand's great furniture
sale on page 4.

Master Ross Wright is recovering
from a severe attack ‘of pneumonia,

Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Bratt spent last
Sunday at Levi Wright's,

We are pleased to report that Earl
Martin is recovering from neavy
attack of measles, J

Reg. Wood is quite ill and unable
to attend to his work. at the store. We
hope for:his speedy recovery.

Forest Sellars has purchased a
new automobile,
succesy with his new machine.

The*Malden Dramatic Club present
their famous entertainment at Pat-
rons’ Hall, Anderdon, May Sth, fn
the interests of Red Cross.

Among the pupils whose examina-
tion and work has-been accepted for
High School Entrance by farm work
are those of Ainslie Séllars and Nor-
man Mickle. of S. S. No: 4. :

The young people of Malden will
repeat their plays, “The Wayfarers”
and the “Persecuted Lutchman” {in
Unjon- Sunday school No. 2 on Monday
evening, May 6th. Proceeds for Red
Cross. Everybody invited.

The regular monthly meeting ‘of
the W. M. S. and Ladies’ Ald Society
will be held at the home of Mrs. Wil.
fred Martin on Wednesday of next
week, May Sth. Meeting to commence
at 2 o'clock. Everybody welcome,

In spite of the disagreeable storm
Tuesday night last, a good sized
audience were highly entertained by
the Malden Dramatic Club at S. S. No.
2. The Club will repeat their program
on: Monday next, May 6th, In the
same buflding. In the ihterests of the
Red Cross.

Malden should be very proud of
Reginald Jukes, who has succeeded in
carrying off the scholarship of first
year at O. A. C, Guelph. Reginald’s
work throughout the year has been
splendid, and Essex county Is greatly
indebted to him“fer the honor.

Communion services will be held in
the’ Methodist church next Sunday
at 10.30 a.m., subject: “Glorying in
the Cross.” The fellowship meeting
will be held in connection with the
evening service. All members of the
church are expected to be present at
these services and all others will re-
celvé a real welcome,

A largely attended meeting “was
held in the town hall, Monday night,
when the matter of protesting to the
Government agafnst the conscription
of bona-fide farmers was discugsed.
Several speakers were heard and the
matter thoroughly aired. It was da-
elded to circulate petitions through-
out the township, and Alex. Dingle,
of Malden, and Oliver Reaume, of
Anderdon, were appointed to present
wie petitions to. the Government at
Ottawa, next wegk, A

The Malden Red Cross Circle met
Tuesday afternoon, April 30th, in the
Methodist church, Malden, the presi-
There was a large
attendance of members and four new
mambers joined. © A bale was packed
for shipment to Hyman Hall, London,
with” following , contents: 20 suits
pyjamas and 9 pair socks, value $41.
25. A generous bale of clothing for
Women and children was also for-
warded to the fSecour Nationale,”
London, for French relief work. This
8 valued at $25. The reports of the
erent departments of work are
very gratifying. = Since this society
was organized sfx months ago, five
bales containing . soldiers comforts
have been shipped to Hyman Hall, the
total value $300; 100 pair of socks
were included in these. $264.39 has
been raised in fees, donations, teds,
and entertainments. © The total lex.
penses ‘have been $217.92—for yarn,
$113.65; goods, $100.87; incidentals,
$3.60; balance on hand, $46.47.

The entertainment given in the
Methodigt church: on Thursday even.
Ing of Inst week under the auspices
of the Malden Red Cross Circle was
o. complete success -in every way.

program was of a “high order.
Mr. Manson and Miss Alma Langlois,
of Amherstburg, , rendered delightful
solos. Miss Florey AVE Most excaol-
lent readings, while | Mrs. Melvin
charmed the audlence with her. fn.
strumentad music given on the new
organ recently ingtalled. The address
Elven by Rev. (Captaln) Graham, of
London, was the principle feature of
the entire program, It was simply a
masterplece, and thosp who were not
there missed a great treat. In hig
graphic address he paid a very high
tribute to the women who are engaged
In the Red Cross Work threughout the
land. 4 He put Ia¥ omphasis
upon the fact that’
France wore ploughing
putting in the gn
feel that we, in th
jug but little’ as coi

and

the flelds
He

We wish him every:

e women of |

lives. Only one sister survives, Mary
Anne, of Standish, Mich. She is 82
years of age. The other members of
the family were Mrs. Patrice Barron,
of Amherstburg; Israel, Joseph,
Xavier, of Malden. Mr. and Mrs.
Langlois were married in the Roman
Catholic church, - Amherstburg, 58
years ago.in June, and they spent
their married life on the 4th conces-
sion and on the river front. To them
were born eleven children, only four
of whom are living—Demas and Mrs;
Fred. Girard, of the river front;
Adolph: and Katie, at home, Mr.
Langlois dled 3 years ago Jast Decem-
ber. Mrs. Langlois had been failing
for two years from diseases common
to one of her advanced age: The
funeral was held Wednesday morn-
ing to St. John Baptist church, Am-
herstburg, for services, followed by
interment In the R. C, cemetery, the
pallbearers oeing Theodore Bondy,
Ben Bondy, Plerre Bondy, Lewis and
Thomas Langlois and Alex. P. Me-
loche: Among those from a distance
at the funeral were’ Miss Almeda
Langlols, Mrs. Henry Meloche, Miss
Delian Dawson and Mr. and Mrs. Fred.
Primeau,

—All "Kinds of Sewing Machines,
Talking Machines, Organs and Pianos
repaired at Brault’s Music Store.

—Miss Ida Farney leaves today

L £ bs
Perhaps long knit underwear
was considered an uninterest- i
ing necessary part of one's at-
tire. Not so now.

Manufacturers have learned i
that women love the most ex- 2
quisite daintiness .and finest |
tailoring, trimmings, simple |
and attractive: on even so or-
dinary a garment as a knitted
vest or union suit.

 

Dainty Footwear for Spring,

No matter what calling the Canadian woman may follow.

be she business woman, a devotee of soclety, or engaged in ser-
dous Red Cross work—her taste for dainty footwear remains cop-

stant, and will be so indulged in the selection of her Spring
. Footwear. Women of every age and position in life will respond
to the appeal af Berube's footwear. - a

+ WALL PAPER WEEK
3 APRIL 221d to 27th

Chase-the Gloom from Every Room
Get the Cheero Spirit.

 

Come in and sée thé beautiful new Spring Styles.
New Wall Papers will lighten your hearts and brighten
your homes. - It's a tonic to winter's weary walls.

3

boli feof footie ofoafeugecte fo nfeegects

i

J;

KX

ES

I

3

oe Right now in the thick of the spring drive on dirt when
** the rugsare up and thé house is disarranged generally— -
I have those rooms re papered. They need it and Wall
Paper Weekis the time to see our Wall Papérs.. Come in
s+ and see us.

Co
fe
3
i
oe
3
i

Barlow & McCormick

Successors to BARLOW & SMITH

GROCERIES & PROVISIONS
AMHERSTBURG, ONTARIO.

(Friday) for her home in Simcoe af.

ter .a delightful visit of a month at
Dr. R. H. Abbott's. rp

—A fine assortment of Karn and
Morris Planos, Columbia Grafonolas
and records, the reliable New Wil-
llams sewing machine, musical instru-
ments of all kinds, at Brault’s New
Music Store.

—Mr.-and Mrs. G. B. Pulford re-
celved a letter from their, son, Pte.
Milton Pulford, this week. He is in
training at Camp ‘Wardsworth, Spar-
tanburg, South Carolina, with Co. \E,
27th Div, .and expected to return to
Long Island camp shortly.

Bondy—In Colchester
261h,

Essex, S April “27th,
yihe wile of Mr. dames Linton,

Jr., of a son. ,
Massender—In  Mersea, Thursday, April
wife of Mr, Byron

18th, 1918, the
South, the wife

Massender, of a son,

Matihews—In Colchester
Or Mr. Forest Matthews, of ‘a son.

Malott—In Kings lle, Thursday, April 25th,
1018, the wife of Mr, Bernie Malott,
of 8 daughter, ’

Smith—In Kingsville, Friday, April 20h,
10 the wile of Mr, Roderlek Smith;
of a son,

Stephenson—in Colehester South, Satyr-
day, April 20th, 1018, the wile of Mr.
George Stephenson (nee Mhy- Tome-

i mire os daughter,

yler—In Amherstburg, Friday, Apri) 263
1948, the wile of Mr. Franke. Tyler
(nee Miss Nowene Conkright), of a
daughter,

Thompson—In Tilbury

West, Thursday,
pril 28in, , 4

x the wife of Afr.

“April_axth,
®¢ Willan,

MARRIAGES.
Henden—Brower—At Al Saints church,
Windsoc worday, April 27! 1018,
by Rev. D..W. Collins, Mr. W.
den, of WiNdsor, to Miss Emi ve We
ér, late of England. i
Helrr P At the R. C. church, Me-
Tuesday, April 30th, 1918, by
Fr. Pinsonneault, Joseph, son’ of
Mr. Maurice Helfrich, to Miss Xavier,
daughter of Mr. Jacob Parent, all of
Anderdon. .
Rol—Paquette—At the R. ¢, church, Mc-

{iregor, Monday, April 29
Rev. Fr. Pinsonneaylt,

OMr. “Hormidas Roi,” of And rdon, alo
Miss Susie, daughter of Mr. Felix Pu-
duets, of . Colchester North, 4
Louls—Bondy—A$ the ‘I, C,-
Lolselleville,

Jo18, by Tey,
larry St. Duis, of Ford City, to
Miss Leona Bondy, daughter of Mr.
Ell dy, of Lofselloviite:
= ah

¥
Wednesd, M
Bondy, aged 81

Monday, April
Black IF, aod
. ¥

Bondy—in Amherstburg,
151, 1018, Thomas

 yenrs.
Blkckburn—in Windsor,
29th, 1018, Thomas
Foldotistiroy
olde r—=Al the Sanitarium, Union-on-
the: Lake, Saturday, anni 27th, 10148
Nicholas Foldenster, of Ford, aged 98

\Frederieks—In sor, Friday, April 261
: “a GE Frodarions, a

1918, Mrs

72 years. WC
Herrington —yn it.

sin, 1018, rs,

wh year of

Langlois—In Malton h,
1918." Mrs. Lan, 4
the 81s

Maxwoll—In

Xk, “aged

Mooneyoiin  Mutaston
: “ih. 1018, Michaeh

In f'out the world

" Fashion'$ latest ideas and novel effects in
Crepes and Poplins.

Voiles and Ginghams in every combination
of colors, stripes, plaids, checks and plain colors.

FPS
) g 0, Wi IR
ose Smt i ove SPREE Ts.

‘—Joseph Saad, of Tiffin, Ohlo, has
taken charge of his uncle's fce cream
and confectionery store for the sum-
mer.

~Mrs. Alfred Pulford, who suffered
a stroke of paralysis.in Windsor two
weeks ago, remains*ifi a very critical
condition, : :

—Danlel Morrow, Supt. of Peche Ig.
land, and family moved to the Maxwell
house, Sandwich street, which he re. |
cently purchased. i

—Mre. Kitchen

: s arrived,
"It includes the best pa-
pers and" borders on the
market. a

Itis réasonably priced, %

: ha
Call and Inspect it.
Streets in town are | omy ;

of repair, and re

attention. of ‘the town

scraper. 3 ;
—The ninety-ninth a; iversa

Oddfellowship was Ry: Feild

on Sunday by attending |

divine service. In Amherstburg, Roge

Lodge No. 28, over seventy-five strong,

ved the rain and gathered at thejr
lodge room that evening, fror i
they marched to Christ ch J
company nearly filling the contre)
The rest of the church wag,

 

hoff sfecfecderfeofesferfe feof rforfeafen

Scratch & Co. i

heddededederb ete d boob bd depo b

4
bt

dekh 1 0

~~

=

a
