HOW TO KEEP WELL

BY JOHN W. S: McOULLOUGH, M.D, D.P.H, CHIEF OKFICER
OF THE PROVINCIAL BOARD OF HEALTH.

YPHOID FEVER is a severe disease coming on with headache, rise
of temperature, diarrhoea, and abdominal distention. It always
occurs aa the result of taking into one’s stomach food or drink

\ contaminatec with the body discharges. These discharges may
1 enter one's mouth in water which has been polluted with sewage
containing typhoid germs, with milk or food to which the germs have been
|earried by flies, by dirty bands, by dirty water, etc., or by direct contact
‘with a person ill of typhoid fever. It is also distributed by “carriers,” that
is by persons who, though immune to the disease themselves, carry the

agorms of the disease in their intestines and transmit it to others through
the discharges reaching food, ete. “Typhoid Mary,”
the New York cook who gave the disease to a large
number of people before she was locked up, is a
Atyphoid example of a typboid carrier. People who have typhoid fever may
estes the disease for a long time and be a source of danger to others,
lespectally if they have anything to do with the preparation of food.
. Typhoid fever is rather common about the farms especially if a single
case bas occurred in a neighborhood where there is any chance of the
genera! water supply. such as a spring, stream, or lake, receiving the intes-
(tinal discharges of the sick person. A typical example of this octurred
in connection with an outbreak of the disease at Plymouth, Pa, in 1885,
Plymouth is a mining town with a population at the time of the outbreak
jof about 8,000. Its water-supply was obtained from a mountain stream
draining an almost uninhabited watershed, and the water for the town was
impourded in a series of four impounding reservoirs. In January a man
living up stream, who had spent his Christmas holidays in Philadelphia,
‘became ill at his home. The excréta were not disinfected but were thrown
either into the frozen creek or upon fits snow-covered banks.” In March
there came a spring thaw and the accumulations of excreta were washed
"*down the stream. Three weeks later there was an acute outbreak of
typhoid fever in the little town. In some days as many as 100 cases
occurred. Ope thousand and four cases were reported. There were, it is
estimated, altogether 1,500 cases and the deaths numbered 114. The
infection was most marked in those who used the town.water supply, the
epidemic being limited to the users of this water, Those who used well
water escaped the disease. This epidemic of typhoid was studied and
definitely traced to its source by competent observers, and is a marked
example of the necessity of protection of public water supplies.

We are not exempt from such lessons in Ontario. The outbreak of
typhoid in Ottawa in 1911 and again in 1912, and that of the town of
Sarnia in 1911-12, all of which were proven to have occurred as the result
of sewage-polluated water; have been sharp lessons in our own province,
lessons unhappily which shave not yet convinced the respective civic
authorities of the necessity of adequate protection of their water-supplies:

"TYPHOID FEVER

 

In the majority of cases the well Is the chief and usuilly the only

soures of water supply.
is a deep or driven well and more part}
surface drainage.

It is In many cases a safe supply, especially if it

cularly if it is well protected against

But many farm wells are shallow with the curb made

of unjolnted timber or stone which allow of easy drainage to the well. The,
coverng is often of loose boards through which surface Impurities may

easily run
may casily do, the excreta of persons

The danger is slight unless the impurities contain, which they

carelessly thrown upon. the ground.

If tke excreta-comes from a person affected with typhoid the danger fs

{mmizent, and there is
suffer from the disease.

The moral is

Summer Diarrhoea kills a large number of babies every summer,
preventable If care §s taken with the babies’ food.

doctor at once, ln an

SUMMER
DIARRHOI’A

of the good old-fashioned castor ofl.
mother remendles to be banked upon.

almost a certainty that users of the water will

plain: PROTECT THE WELL!

"

It {s
If at all severe call the
y case it {8s always safe to give a dose
That is one of the
If the diarrhoea is

severe cut off all food, especially “MILK, which {3s death
to a baby with diarrhoea, but give boiled water In as large amounts as the

baby would have of food.
dry toast. But get a doctor at once,

In older children give only water and gruel or

N.B.—Questions on subjects’ pertinent to public health will be an-'

swered from time (0 time.

Tug Ecuo” |™
Published by

THE - ECHO PRINTING CO., Limited

JOHN A. AULD, A. W. MARSH,
President. wil Sec-Treas. |

The: Government has unde: *con-
sideration the modification of t
order-lu-Council through which al
young farmers are called to report {or
Barvice.

In a five hours’ speech in. the House
of Commons’ Wednesday, A. B. Copp,
of Westmoreland, N. B., charged that
agents of the Union Government were
responsible for a conspiracy by which
extensiye frauds were perpetrated in
taking the soldiers’ vote In the recent
general election, with. the object ot
defeating Sir Wilfrid Laurier and his
followers, Many of the charges were
of a very serious nature, too serious,
‘The Globe says, to be ignored by any
Government, and an investigation {3
sure to follow.

If Morris Knowles, consulting en-
gineer for the Essex Border Utilities
Commission, is allowed $100 a day for
preparing plans. and’ estimates for a
new waterworks system to supply the
Canadian border towns, bekides super:
vising the work, it will not be by the
vote of the Windsor. representatives
on the commission, A. W. Jackdon,
former mayor of Windsor, who is op-
posad to the plan of spending from
$1.000.000. to $3,000,000 for a 18W
water supply during war time, points
ou! that thesalary demanded hy En-
gineer Knowles 18 at the rate of $34.
000 a year, not including pay for Sun-
days. The Windsor Commissioners,
Mayor C. R. Tuson and Clarence A.
Smith, are also opposed ta thé com-
mission's plan. to interfere with the
present. Windsor waterworks. They
will resist the payment of what thoy
deem an ‘exorbitant salary. The com-
mission will meet this week to pass
"on the agreement submitted by ‘Engin-
esr Knowles. J

¥ TOWN AND COUNTY.

—Mjss Kathleen” White has joined
the local staff in the Bell telephone
exchange.

—John W. Skelly, of the ‘Mullen
Coal Co. has got his pleasure yacht
fn the river.

—The steamer Aspen wos
day filling the tauks ip th
stone channel.

—Roy Simong and wife of rnd
“through London township fro Th
day to Tues

Y Cap t. Fro. J. Trotter Is having
lin Toodence Park street, reshingled
and overhauled.

~—Miss Norma Maguire, of the: Den-
ike. Drug < 5, epent the 24th at ler

home fn Windsor.
~ ~Charlea Clifford has opened the
Amlierst a restaurant and soft

|

THRESHING GANGS
TO, HELP FARMERS

Threshing gangs ars to he plaeed
At the disposal of the farmers of Oh-
tarfo this fallin order to enable them
to handle ‘their grain' without being
forced to neglect fall plowing and other
farm work.

Plans have just been completed by
the Department of Agriculture and the
Trades and Labor branch for qrgap-
izing the farmers of the various parfs
of the Province into groups lor thresh-
ing. purposes, and wherever the "far-
mers show a readiness to cp-operate
the Trades and Labor branch will find
the. help needed.

Facing an_acute farm ‘labor shart-
age this fall, with thé certainty that
farmers, In order to help each other
through threshing, will be unable to
plow their full quota of Innd, the De-
partment of cAgriculture took up the
problem. The plan that resulted does
not Involve the purchase of any equip-
ment. Thresher operators will be en-
couraged in every way and those who
apply will ber furnished with help—
eight men to an outfit.

The Department, througly farmers’
clubs, ete, will endeavor to..get a
number, of farmers In each locality, 25
at least, to agree with a thresher to
handle thelr grain. There will be no
attempt by the Department to set the
terms,” except that the farmers will be
asked to agree to pay the thresher im-
mediately after threshing either in
cash or by 30-day note.

LIQUOR REGULATIONS
SLIGHTLY: CHANGED

The regulation established by order
in Council on March 11th, 1918, with
regard to the manufacture, transpor-
tation and sal eof intoxicating lguors
are so amended as to provide that! in
prohibited areas ome or more persons
may be authorized to recelve, sell and:
deliver liquors for sacramental pur.
poses. The amended order in Coun-
cil also provides that “if in any pro-
hibited area there shall be no licensee
authorized to receive, sell and deliver
intoxicating liquor for sacramental
Industrial; artlstic, mechanical. scien-
tific and med{cinal purposesisthe Gov-
ernor {n Council may authorize one
or more persons {n any such prohibited
area to receive and deliver intoxicat-

ing liquor for such purposes,
KINGSVILLE. - 4

—A cage of smallpox has developed
§- | ot Kingsyille, the victim being Frank
Miller, the barber. ‘The family has
been placed under quarantine. R. J.

Garrow, of Essex, ho had been en-|

‘gaged In plastering
has also been pl
there on account of having came in
contact with same.” Mr, Miller's shop
WAS open on Saturday, night ‘and on
Monday. . It waa not untfl Tuesday
morning that the case wan a
The Kingsville authori

r. Miller's house,

HE a Franch, stop) of
; rusk mail’ whieh ia Py ;

him } DU sTated pa and
venience for a week, .
. (Capt) Michael M

(do for yon?’ asked a sympathetic wo-

in quarantine |,

One Case Where a Blunder Proved a
Friend to Science.

Probably the most extraordinary

discovery of a comet was that of the

one known as “a 1806." It happened

this way, as told in Science by W. W. |

Campbell of the Lick observatory:
Professor Charlés D. Perrine discov-
ered a comet on Nov. 17, 1895, and
observed it night after night till Dec.
20, 1893, when it was lost to sight in
the glare of the sun's rays. Professor
Perrine and Mr. Campbell calculated
its orbit for 1898, and their computa-
tions were published in the astronom-
ical journals. v

Just before dawn on Jan. 30, 1898,
Perrine and Campbell watched ft
emerge from behind the sun at the
precise spot they had predicted. On
Feb. 14 a cablegram in cipber an-
nounced that Lamp at Kiel, Germany, |
bad rediscovered Perrine’s comet that
moming and gave its position. This
differed by twenty-four minutes of time
from the position in which Perrine
knew his comet to be. This was not
explained for several weeks, when fit
turned out that in translating thé &-
pher ‘cablegram a mistake had been
made and that the cablegram as sent
placed tbe comet just where Perrine
bad observed it.

Before this error had been discovered,
however, and on the morning of Feb.
15 Perrine turned his telescope to the
spot indicated .in :the cablegram and
saw a comet. He naturally supposed

that Lamp at Kiel rad discovered this
new comet: and mistaken it for the

Verfitie comet, and not until the error
in- translating the cablegram was dis-
coyered did it become evident that this
was’ not so and that the error had
actually directed the telescope to a
new comet.

And, stranger still, this new comet
was moving so rapidly that had Per-
rine directed his telescope to the spot
Indicated. at any ether time but just
that morning he Would not hare seen

Jt and It might never bave been dis-
covered.

WHEN DEWEY -Y WAS AT MANILA.

We Were Then Ve Very GI Cloze to a Clash
With Germany.

When Admiral Dewey's feet was In
Manin harbor In 1508, after taking the
city, thie only fleet which did not sa-
lute our fing was the deet of the ‘Ger:
mansgovernment. It was heavier, gun
for gun, than the American. Its atti
tude wns so threatenin: 5 that the Enz-
lish feet moder Ads nim ( Chichester an-
chored between the two, ready tp act.
It was not the last thme English and
American fleets were (p act together
In defense of freedorn,

In the judgment nud on the aunthorl-
ty of one of the few of those then on
the ground and stil living who held
Ligh positions no doubt: existed in our
fleet, onr army or our.civil administra-

[tors that (he kaiser's fleat had instruc-

tions to use any opportumity for action.’
The German government extorted from
0s. the Caroline islands, now in Japa-
nese bands, a serious addition to our
future perils of the Pacific,

When President McKinley came to a
tinal decision on our retention of the
Philippines he was powerfully fnfin-
enced’ by a personil message (rom Lord
Salisbury, ‘not throngh, the sual chan-
nels, that be hoped” the United ‘States
would keep the archipeliagn, because if
we did not this German government
would take them and a general war
would follow, since’ Japan and, Eng:
fand would act. I say 1bls on the au
thority of my lifelong friend and for
thirty yeaps my bLelmved chief on the
Philadelphin: Press, the late Charles
‘Emory Smith, then postmaster general
~Talcott Willams in American Re-
view of Roviews.
© Why. Shoes Wear Oot.

The -average step Is twenty-six
inches. ' This means 2,437 steps to the
mile, or 12,185 in a five mile day. A |
person: welghing 160) pounds in @ day
bas pounded Into His shoes OTF tons
and 1.600 pounds of meat, bone and
troubles, and all thle be corries above
his shoes. ‘Men buy “three pairs of
shoés.n year. "A steel hammer welgh-
Ing 160 pounds coming down at ‘that
rute for four months would have to bo
renewed each. day and would bave to
bo fished out of the deepest Lolo in the
earth at the end of four. months

Which Was tha Bigger?

It is very amusing to iry to repeat
this:

Mrs. Biggar had a baby. Which was
the bigger? Tbe bnby was a little Big-
gar. Which was the biggls, Mr. Big.
gar or the baby? Mr, Biggar was Fa
ther Biggar, ME Biggar died Was
the baby | then bigger than Ars. Biggar?
No for the baby was fatherless

-

Invitation Declined.
"The convictedvuan had just received -
his sentence and Was being led out.:
“Poor. man! Is there anything 1 can

man from the audience. 3

“*No, mum,” ssald the prisoner, “dn-
{eps you!d like to do this threw years."—
Detroit Saturday Night

A Lady on Trial.

in tho case?” inquired

“What have i
‘with thelr dein
castic judge. “Just giv exch of em
a plioto of the air defendant;

re re

|

“Shall I give tho Jury" ht Sth i

WE HAVE IN STOCK
SHINGLES, LATH, CEDAR POSTS, BARN BOARDS,
JOISTS, MOULDINGS OF ALL KINDS, DOOR SASH,

Places your order with us and save money

JOHN FRASER

‘or Average Roads

The boulevard is the motor

car-manufacturer’s paradise.
But the average road too often
1s his undoing.

We cannot always ride on
boulevards, but we can build to
the grim exactions of the average
A and be sure the boulevard
will not find us wanting. Gray-
Dort has done just that— built
this car to the average road.

The Gray-Dort motor is
amply pawerrd for: the load it
carries. It is quiet, smooth,
simple. It does not get out of
order. It gives long service.
The Gray-Dort chassis is extra
strong, extra safe. Every Fi

iEABERESG RE pak

B@ecswn EY
ES@sErm ER)
BRE rmTal

is co-ordinated to the highest
degree. Each does its work
quietly; unnoticed, but efhcient
and reliable. Gray-Dort design

and Gray-Dort oth Lod
have added great comfort to the
performance of this car. All this
you get in a car, a car of
low upkeep and of low first cost.

And the result of it all is the Gray-
Dort as you can buy it-today —a better car,
built to the-average road and able to serve -
well there; a ht car of unusual quality

and brimming wih value.
The new Gray-Dort embodies all the good features that won

‘instant success for former models.” The 4-cylinder motor is a

triumph of smooth, economical speed and power. The chassis
is sturdy and quiet: The springs are long. The upholstery, is
deep. The equipment is absolutely camplete from elestric start-
ing and lighting to tha tools. New lines of beauty have been
given this model.

The five-passenger touring car is 81,125; ihe three-pass-
enger fleur-do-lys roadster i's 8995; the Gray-Dort special,
beautsfully finished and with extra details of equipment,

15 8125 above the list. All prices are f-0.b. Chatham.
ama. ‘

Agents :

i. GRANT DYEE.

AMHERSTBURG

FE BIGRARDSO

HARROW
Dealers in Every Locality

GRAY. DORT MOTORS, LIMITED

ONTARIO

: In the United States:
THE DORT MOTOR CAR COMPANY, Flint, Mich:

RUBBEROID moore, § 4

a

Planing Mill and" Lumber Yard
AMHERSTBURG, ONT. ;

ob dtd bb EE ES Sib

hhh hinds

[ Ed

2 pif

ALL BREADS
ARE NOT
THE SAME

Any fair test shows the Best of Bread to be

‘GURTIS BREAD

Try it and know for yourself the “delicious” flavor
that’s baked int this ‘Wholesome Bread.

7 AL KINDS ED. 6000S ON. in,

iW. F Tl

 

5

7] =

>

PPP FE

7
