 
   
     
   
  
 
  
  
    
  
   
      
    
  
   

    

       
 

i

/ ective. than Sticky Ply
# a i to handle, Sold by
Druggists and Grocera everywhere.

DEATH’S DOINGS.
NINA RUTH LEE.
: put, only daughter of Harry
! Nina RY eon street, Leamington,
Ben, awiy at the home of her par-
ents on Vr cdnesday afternoon, August
qth, after an illness of only three
days, in her 10th year. She bocame
0 on Monday, appendlaltis develop:
ing, and sie a8 operated upon for
(be same at Mrs. Livingstone's  hos-
tal, death ensuing at 11 o'clock at

‘ Besides har parents she Is sur-
ms by (wo young brothers, Joseph

 

K. \
and J THEW WILKINSON,

. Word was recelvediby rélatives at

“J 1camington Sundby of last week ot
.tho death of Matthew Wilkinson,
which took place at San Diego, Cal,
on Sunday “Matt,” as he was famil-
farly known, was the son of” the late
Jaskson Wilkinson and was born. on
a farm about a mile east of Leaming-
ton. He was 74 years of age and left
Leamington 40 years ago, most of
which time he spent In Texas, where
pe was engaged in miming. Arthur, a
prother, resides in Leamington, and
(wo sisters also survive, Mrs. John
sherwood, of Windsor, and Mrs. Jus.
Lamarsh, of Wheatley. Deceased was
an uncle of Mrs. Lewis -Smith, Mrs.
Clem Beacluand Orville Wilkinson, ‘ot
Leamington, and Mrs. Florence Set-
terington, of Windsor.

S. ALMERON VANIDOUR,

i

  

Mrs. Almeron “Vanidour, in her
¢0th year, dled suddenly at her home
on Wigle street, Leamington, Friday
evening last. Sne had been a sufferer
from intergg} trouble for & number of
years but herecondition was not con-
sidered critical. She .roturned from
Colchester Monday not feeling well
but no worse -than on former occa |
slons and It was not until noon on Fri- |
day that ‘she took to her bed. From |
then on she grew “worse and at 5
o'clock expired. She is survived by |
her husband and seven sons, Wiliam, |
Alfred and Carl, at home; Thorry, in!

the Northwest; Ofcan, of Leamington; |

   

Rll

Bonjamin, in Colchester South town:
ship, and Rey, In France. The fun-|
eral goryice was conducted at the
house Sunday afternoon at 2 o'clock, |
fnterment following in Lakeview came- |

tery.

 

ARTHUR J, SCRATCH.

There passed away at his home near
Wyoming, on Friday, August+2nd, af-
ter only a few days’ illness, Arthur J. |
‘Scratch, ex-reeve. Gosfield North, in|
his 63rd year. A few days before his
death he was lized with a bad attack |
of appendicitis and was operated up- |
on, but owing to his'advanced age and
weakened condition he failed to rally.
Mr. Scratch was born in Gosfield |
South {d 1856 but spent his early life
in Mersea township.’ After his mar-
ringe with Miss Isabella Simpson: of
«Mersoa “township, they moved to the |
7th concession of Gosfield North, |
whore ‘thoy realded for 23 years. In
101 they-moved back to Mersea town- |
ship, residing for 15 years on, Talbot |
. road east. Two years Ago they moved |
to’ Lambton county. Deceased ls sur-
vived by hls widow; Lawrence, a son |
at home, and four daughters, Mrs.
Wm. Gunning, 6f Ruthven; Mrs. Nel
son Peterson, of Gosfield; Mrs. Frank
Siebert, of Manitoba, and Miss Lilie, |
at home. His father, Oliver Scratch}!
sili survives and resfdes on the 5th
concession .of Mersea. Charles, a
brother, resides in Detroit, and Mrs.
Albert Wilkiffson, a sister, resides on

' the, 5th concession’of Mersea. In re-|
" liglon deceased was a Methodist. The |
funeral ser¥ide wag conducted at*the
home of his son-indaw, Nelsah Peter-|
son,~on Monday afternoon, Interment |

  

following at. Lakeview cometery,
Leamington: p WN
LUCID ARICHARDSON.

 

An old and highly esteamed Tésident
of Leamimgton in the person of Mrs. |
Lucinda Richardsgm relict of the lata |
Edward Atkin, of Colchester South, |
passed away Wednesday morning,
August Tth, at the homeot her son.
Goorga Atkin, with whom she had
been résiding for the past eight years.

She was In her 80th, year, and for one

markably good _ health up to three
weeks ago, when she was seized with
{liness from which she gradually grew
weaker until death claimed her Wed-
nesday morning. Deceased, who was
born near Cottam, was the daughter
of the late William RichardSon, and Is
the last of a tamily of twelve children.
Seventy-three years ago ahe was unlit.
ed in marriage to Edward Atkin, of
- ‘Colchester South, who predeceased
her 27 years ago. From this union 12
cilldron were born, four.of whom sur-
vive, ‘Ggorge Atkin, of Leamington,
and three daughters, Mri. Sarah St.
. John, of Williamsburg, Va.; Mrs. Mar-
garet Grenville, of Detroit, and Mrs.
Hattie Wilkinson, ot Comber. Eloves
grandchildren; 38 grandchildren, and

4 great great Grandchildren also sur
Viva.

 
  
 
 
 
 
    
    
    
  
   
   
      

  

Fe

 

kindnoas. A shirt service was held

of’such advanged age had enjoyed :

     
  
   
  
 
  
  
   
  

Decensed was moted for her
exemplary life and her many deeds of

~zan Be Preventel’ by Thorough
Sprajing.

 

‘Women's Meetings in Full Swing—
The Summer hstitute Meetings
Are of Denefit 1» Every Woman
Who "Attends—Topics to Bo Dis-
cused and Work Planned.

(Contributed by Onwrioc Department of
Agriculture. Toronto.)

OTATOES are sprayed to pre
vent such fungus discase as
Early Blight and Late Blight
and Rot, These diseases are
caused by plants known as fung
Those fungi which derive their
vourishment from llving plants
injure them (n so doing In various
ways and thus give rise to what arc
k3ow) ns fungus d'lenacs
In combating tho great wajority of
fungus discases me of preven
tion only Spraying
potatoes [s not dons to cure but tc
prevent d!seaze. In other words the
object of gpraylng Is to cover the sur

  
  
     
 

 

thods

precticable

 

 

 

tace of the leaves and sicms with
substance, poisonous to the spores ol
fungi, io which they cunnot grow
and penetrate the plant. - Spraying

therefore, in order to Le effective
must be timely and thorough.. Th
spray mixture must te on the plant
before the spores reach thera and the
surface of tig leaves stoms musi
be covered smwcompl y that thers
{8 not the smullest space on whico a
spore can germinate.

Efficient spraying of potatoes de

 
 

penda:
1. Upon tie use of the prope
fungicide, Bordeaux mixture has e.

tar proved to be the only satisfactor,
spray mixture for potato diseases

2, Upom ‘timely and repeated
spraying, Spraying should be com
menmed when the plants aro from als
to eijght incheg high and repeated al
{nterwals of from a week to tin cay:
thnroughout the growing season
From three. to seven application
willl be required, tho number depend
ing: upon ‘the weather, the welt?
the weather the more frequent th
spraying.

3. Wpon the liberal use of Dor
deaux mixture. From 50 to 150 gal
lons off Bordeaux mixture should 5¢
used mer acre at each application.

4. Ulpon thorough spraying, which
means tho covering of every portion
of the plant with the Bordeaux mix
ture im the form of a fine mist. i
can pe done only when the golutlot
{s amplled with good pressure 80 as

  

 

 

to limsure covering every portion o
the (plant. The best results from
spraying aro -obtalned when pot

 

sprayers. are used which are (ited
with T-joint attachments, so as (c
insure: covering both surfaces of the
leaves ‘at each spraying.

5. Ulpon spraying before
than after prolongud rainy peric
Infection of the pliunts takes place
during or soon after rain. Tbterefore
it is .of the utmost limportance to
have the spray mixtur® on the plants

rathe

 

when the rain comes.— Prof. J. E
Howett, Ontario Agriculturzil Col
lege. a

 

The Importance of \Women's Institute
Meetings.
A series of meetings whinh, to the

| women of rural Ontario, have alway»

proved worth while, andl {ncreasing
ly so the last year ar two, 1s the

| Women's Instituto mewtings, Thede
are important because they are ac
| far-reaching in thelmr nature. They

afford the town mind country womal,
no matter wht her dedomlination
may be, a chanmel through which sbe
cnn be of all-round service to bu-
manity.

Since the war began Red Cros:
and other patmiotic work has, of
course, received first consideration.
The alleviation of suffering scone
peculiarly woman's work. The ng.
is greater to-day ‘than ever.

The great demand by the Alller
tor certain foods eich a becf, pork,
wheat and sugar has caused the
housewife to cliunge her methods of
pre-war, days. « She must now learn
to subStitute amd to eliminate var-
ous forms of waste. TPerlshable
foods must be mora widely used, not
only in summer, but also in winter.
These must be couserved throu”
proper Blorage, canning or. drylog
Such -subjects as these may be dis
cussed “At. the mectings. An experi
demonstrator may be secured from
the Department to give information
or. a practical demonstration Lo assist
the housewife. The members mas
club together and do ‘their canning
at one centre with ono tire If they
so choose, and In addition to the
work accomplished may have a 80

timo -togetker. § .
ne children In the rural districts
must not be forgotten. They must
be prepared for the great responsi:
bilities’ which are too’ soon (o fall
upon them. : Their education mum
not be neglected. They must not ke
handicapped ~by Dpbyaical imperfec
tions. Subjects of (mporiance to the
child must bo discussed and means
adopted to improve conditions. Tha
Medlcal Inspection of rural schools
and the clinies held through the Wo-
men’s Institute are doing much to

conditions.

re Elsie also nced attention, We
apt to forget the Bitls 4] gu!
anxiety for the boys. elr lives a

rE J rospocts for the future are be
ing affected by this war, Hencs op
“portunities for study, for amusement,
for developing thelr talents to the
full, must be afforded them. - Many

of these opportunities

   

  
   
 
     
     
   
    
   
   

    

 
     
   
   
 

 
      

may be secur.

    
   

   
   
  

  
    
     
   
  
   
  
   

 

   
 
     
   
    
   
   
    
   

On the Eve of :
a Wedding

: Mistaken Identity Caused a
8 Complication

By JOHN Y. LARNED
: S009

Arthur MacKnight left his office at
the conclusion of business hours and
went to his bachelor apartments with
a light heart He would sleep that
alght In those apartments for the last
time, for be was about to be married.

MacKnight's love came at first sight.
He bad made a flying trip abroad the
summer before, had seen an American
girl in the Kursaal In Lugano, Switzer
land, had followed ber to Lucerne
and had secured an Introduction. Aft
er two wecks golug about in the
same party he became engaged to her
and the day after his engagement was
obliged to leave her at Montreux to
catch a steamer for America.

His flancee, Miss Leona Denton, re-
mained abroad three months longer.
Her home wns in a different city from
that of MacKnight. and since he was
very closely confined to business the
lovers saw very little of «each other.
Therefore when. he succeeded in ar-
ranging for n wedding to take place in ®
the near future he was made a very
happy man.

Consent that thelr daughter should
ally herself with a man of whom she
had seen so little and about whose an-
tecedents so littlo was known was
given by Miss Denton’s parents with
reluctance. MacKnight bad been able
to give no information about his fam-
(ly, had not a relative that he had ever
seen, and his statements about Lis
childhood were conflicting. The truth
was that the poor fellow wns a found-
ling, be knew he was a foundling and
shrank from admitting the fact. Nev-
ertheless he finally did so to bis flan-
cee. But she who had come to love
him ¥ith as much fervor as he loved
her did not dare, to communicate the
fact to her parents lest they insist
upon her breaking off the match. Con-
sequently he wns to be married with
this secret kept by himself and Miss
Denton from those who bad a right to
know It.

MacKnight reached the city where
the Dentons lived too late to see his
fiancee till morning. Before going to
bed he sat smoking in the lounging
room of the hotel where he stopped. It
wns not a first class house by any
means. He bad chosen it because It
was the only hostelry that was not at
a considerable distance from the Den-
tons. While he was smoking a man en-
tered thie room and looked about him
uneasily. His gaze fell upon Mlac-
Knight, and he seemed surprised. Mac:
Knight was also surprised. Between
the two men there fvas a striking re-
semblance. Their complexion, balr,
height, bulld “were the same. Thelr
clothes were entirely different, Mac-
Knight's being plain, those of the other
Aashy. a“

The man passed out of the room, nnd
soon after MacKnight went upstairs
and to Led.

He was awakened by a knocking at

   

He bad heen expected much carifery.
and his not coming bad occasioned
some worry. He proposed to give his
explanation to Leona privately, and
lus not accBunting for his delay at once
made a bad impression on the rest of
the family. As soon as the young
couple were left alone he told his
bride to be the story of Lhils arrest. She
listened cagerly and at his conclusion
scemed much dejected. Her parents
had not ceased to hold up to her the
risk she ran in marrying a man she
knew so little about, who had no fam-
ly connections and whose childhood
he had falled to ascount.for. She
dreaded lest they would now refuse to
permit the wedding to come off as had
been arranged.

The pair, after consultation, joined
Mr. and Mrs. Denton and made a clean
breast of what had occurred. It wag
evident that both the father and moth-
er. regarded the matter as a confirma-
tion of their fears. AacKnight was
informed that the wedding day must
be put off indefinitely, by which he
understood that It would not take place
at all with Mr. and Mrs, Denton's con-
sent. After further consultation be-
tween the lovers, they agreed that the
wedding as arranged must be abandon-
ed. Leona was too distressed to talk
about the future, but she surely would
not go back on her lover without the
best of reasons.

The next morning. MacEnight went
to the office of Lis lawyer and was
muoch surprised and disheartened to
learn that it would be difficult to prove
that he was not the man be was sup-
posed to be. True, If he were the
criminal, MacKnight must be account-
ed for. But might not MacKnight be
both himself and the criminal? Per
sons had been known to lead double
lives before, and why not in this case?
At any rate, there must be a trial,
which would attract a great deal of
attention, and, even if the prisoner
were acquitted, many persons would
belleve him guilty.

Leona had an Inter¥lew with her
parents, in which her father expressed
the opinion that there was something
wrong about her .lover and that his
arrest was fortunate in that it had
saved her from a union with a crim-
inal. The girl came from this inter-
view feeling that no matter what ver
dict a jury might give with respect to
the charge against her lover ber father
would belleve him. gullty.

Such was the sitoation of this young
couple on the eve of the ‘wedding day,
that had been set, with all the attend-
ant expected happiness. But three
days intervened before the intended
puptials. A compromise had been ef-
fected between Leona and her parents
that the invitations should be. recalled

tho next day. The lovers went for a

final conference with tho lawyer. He
advised his client to jump his ball, go
to a forelgn country under an assumed
name and’ begin life Anew. \
MacKuight, beartsick over the affair,
dreading a trial and his inability to
account for his past childhood, decided
to act on this advice. It therefore re-
mained with Leonn whether she would
share his fate or endure a lfelong
separation from the wan she loved.
It was a question which suffered the
more, MacKnight or the girl, whose
life would be wrecked if shesstood by
him and would be blighted If she gave
him up, A few hours of deliberation
were sufficient for a decision. She
agreed to marry her lover secretly and
to go into oblivion with him.
MacKnight wns leaving her home

his door. Rising, ho opened it, and. | after receiving this decision when he

there stood a couple of policemen.
They entered the room and directed
MacKnight to dress himself. He asked
what it all meant, but the only infor-
mation he received was that ho was
wanted for various offenses. There be-
ing nothing for him to do except to
obey, he turned to a cbalr on which he
bad left his clothes and began putting

them on. He was so rattléd that he did”

not for a few moments fiotice that the
clothes were not those he had taken off.
Then he saw that the suit twas the ex-
act counterpart of the one worn by the
man be had seen in the lounging room.

Gradually it came Into his head that
this person had been hunted by the po-
Uce and, having notieed the resem-
blance between himsclfand MacKnight,
had conceived the Idea of throwing the
officers on a false scent. The supposed

criminal could easily have learned the,

number of his room, opened the door
with ‘a skeleton key when all (n the
house were asleep, purloined Mac-
Knight's clothes and left his own In
thelr place. is

Holding up the suit he was ordered
to put on, MacKnight gave the police
men the above ‘explanation. They look-
od at cath other-as much as to say,
“Have wo been fooled? Then, with-
oot even consulting, they ordered Maec-
Knight to put on the clothes, first tak-
Ing the precaution to go through the

pockets, In which they found articles to

  

(dentify the owner with a prominent
criminal. The prisoner was taken to a
polico station and locked in a cell

To be placed in such a position only
a few days before -his expected wed:
ding wis, to say tho least, distressing.
MacKnight, who had: bad no experi-
enco in criminal law, did not doubt

soon as glyen an opportunity.

ld by bis fancoe’s parents and that

    

that bo could prove his identity as |‘erablo money was spent on detectives
t | tor

| was that the episode would bd
the doubts concerning him | the date fixed for the trinl

met a man coming up the steps. The
comer sald He was looking for one
Arthur MacKnight “I am Arthur Mac-
Enlight” “I desire to confer with'you."
The two went back into the house, and
the man sald:

“I am John Eldredge of Barker,
Smith & Eldredge, attorneys, of your
city. A few years ago a matter cons
corning you was left with us, you not
to be informed of it till yon came to be
twenty-five years old. But this charge
against yon which we have seen print-
ed In the newspapers bas seemed to
warrant our communicating with you
earlier. You were born in wedlock,
but your father and mother are dead.
Circumstances stood in the way of
your mother acknowledgingyou. Short-
ly before sho dled she left a will in our
care leaving you her property, you to
be paid a part on reaching the age of
twenty-five and the rest at thirty. If
you peed money for your defense of
this charge against you I think we can
ennblp you fo bOrTOW On yOUF .pros-
pects.” 5
* Leona, who had heard her lover ré-
turn to the house, at this juncture en-
tered the room, curious to know what
brooght hin back. MacKnight sprang
towa y folded her [n his aris and
covered her with kisses. ©

“The tide has forned,” ho cried. “All
will yet come out as we wish. This
gentleman has solved the mystery of
my childhood.” »

It appeared that MacKnight was tho
son of persons of refinement and that
ho was hele (0 an estate of some $50,
000. The mystery of his birth having
been solved, Mr, Denton's suspicions
‘were allayed, and he sympathized sin-
.cerely with the young couple. - Consid-
_purposa of bunting down the

0 was found before
*

But long before this the were

   
    
      
     
    
     
       
    
    
    
   
   
 
     
    
  
 
   
   
   
  
  

‘of the Sixth Col

    
  
    
     
    
   
     
   
  
   
    
  
        
  
   
 
   
   
    
   
   
    
   
    
   
  
   
 
   
    
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
  
   
  
  
  
  
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
   
   
 
   
   
  
  
 
 
  
    
   
  
  
  
  
   
   
 
   
   
  
 
   
     
   
  
     
   
 
      
  
   
  
    
   
  
    
 
     
    
    
   
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
   
  
 
 
 
     
       
  

  
    
 
   
  

    

 
   

things are
everyday things
now—

Look around you. See the large number of dainty silk
blouses in beautiful tints that are being worn. And the
quantities of dainty underwear the stores are showing—
sheerest, most beautiful things you have ever seen. It was
not so a few years ago. What has caused the difference?

Certainly and surely—one big factor has been Lux. Women
would not buy these’ things right along unless there was a
gentle, sure way of washing them—without discoloring, warp-
ing or fading.

There is—it's the Lux way. Won't turn silks yellow—won't
hurt chiffons—won’t shrink woollens. Lux won't hurt any-
thing that pure water itself may touch.

LEVER BROTHERS LIMITED, - TORONTO.

51

 

 

 

Michigan Central Railway re. Gravel Pit.
P. C. 1452,
PRIVY COUNCIL CANADA,
AT THE GOVERNMENT HOUSE AT OTTAWA,
Wednesday, the 12th day of June, 1918,

 

" PRESENT:
HIS EXCELLCENCY
THE GOVERNOR-GENERAL

IN COUNCIL:

Whereas under date the 5th of June, 1818, the Board of Rallway Commis-
sloners for Canada Have submitted a certified copy of an Order of the Board,
dated the 28th of May, 1918, recommending for sanction by His Excellency in
Councll, under Section 364 of The Rallway Act, an Agreement, ‘dated the 31st
of December, 1917, entered jnto between The Michigan Central Railroad Com-
pany and the Corporation of the, County of Essex, whereby the Company
grants to th Corporation the permission, right and privilegé of ‘using and
operating so much of the gravel spur of the Company leading from thelr
Leamington Branch to their gravel pit as will enable the Corporation to take
fv empty cars to the Corporation's gravel pit in the Township of Gosfield
South, Ont., and to bring therefrom loaded cars of gravel for shipment by the
rallway of the Company; the said agreement to bétaubject to te¥mination,
after the Hxpiration of one year from the date thereof, upon the expiration of
ten days from the date of the service of notice by efther party, to the agree-
ment to that effect, but {n no event to be for a longer term than five years.

And whereps the Acting Minister of Rallways and Canals submits the
Order of the Board together with tWo copies of the Agreement, and, on the
mdvice of the Deputy Minister of the Department of Rallways and Canals
recommends that sanction be given accordingly. :

Therefore His Excellency the Governor-General In Council is pleased to
sanction and doth hereby sanction the sald agreement accordingly.

(Signed) RODOLPHE BOURDEAU,
Clerk of the Privy Council.

ONTARIO
Executive Gouncll Office.

Copy of an Order-in-Council approved by His Honour the Lieutenant.
Governor, dated the 13th day of June, A. D, 1918,

Upon the recommendation’of the Honorable.the Minister of PubliedWorks
and Highways, the Committee of Council advise that in pursuance of 8 George
V., Chapter-17, Section 1, the Commission authorized with respect to the
Suburban County Roads within the County of Essex and adjacent to the Clty
of Windsor, shall be designated and known as the Windsor Suburban Roads
Commission.

Qertifled. >
J. LONSDALE CAPRIOL,
Clerk Executive Council.

Order re. Naylor Side Road Crossing.

THE BOARD OF RAILWAY-COMMISSIONERS FOR CANADA
ORDER No. 27268.

IN THE MATTER OF the applica
tion of the Municipal Corporation of
the County of Essex in the Province
ot Ontario, hereinafter, called the
“Applicant”, for an Order requiring

THURSDAY, the 23rd DAY OF
MAY, A, D. 1818

 

SIR HENRY L. DRAYTON, K. G, gates and A watchman to be“ estab-|- monDAY, TUESDAY and’ SATURDAY
hiet Commissioner. lished at a point where, the Michlgam Leaies dss Dock 5. ’
v . Central Railroad "and - the © Cahada x Lat \
8-§. SR me 5 - Southern: Rullway cross the road al:|Arrives LiThingEm Hh 3 *
: i ! -=  lowance between the 5th and 6th Fon Leaves Kingsvilia .. Cad pm.
A. S. GOODEYER, cessions’ of the Township of Mald- Leamington oC © 445 pm,
Co ~“Commissioner. <a Stone In the Province of ontario: lreaves Kingsville .. 8.00 am.
= Flle No, 268424: Jeuningion Se 8.45 am.
Upon teading the roport and recommendation of the Chlet Operating Stmager - Gove eleo, Hg i,
Officer of the Board and what is filed on behalf of the Railroad Company and | srpyes Ysat ack, Pelod. ©. $40 bw

(he Township of Maldstone—

IT IS ORDERED :
higan Central Rallroad be, and fs hereby, require

Fue the Michig hn the Township of Maidstone, County of
to the 6th Concession Road known as the
Naylor Sideroad, by means of a diversion to the north alde of its tracks as
shown on the plan dated February 26th, 1918, on “file with the Board under
fille No. 26482.4; ‘detail plans of tho proposed diversion to be filed with the
Board for approval; twenty per cent. of the cost to be pald out of “The Rall-
way Grade Crossing Fund”, thirty-five per cent. by the Township of Mald-
stone, and the remainder to be paid by the Michigan Central Railroad.

2. That withim elxty days fro mtho date of this Order, the Michigan
Contral Rallfoad install an Improved type of automatft* bell at the crossing
ossion Rodd known as the Naylor Sideroad, in accordance
with “The Standard specifications for Highway Crossing Signals”, approved
ander General Order No, 96, and hereafter maintain the said bell at its own
expense; a detafl’ plan showing the layout thereof to be submitted for the
approval of an. Engineer of the Board; twenty per cent. of the cost of in-
stalling tho sald bell to be pald out-of “The Railway Grade: Crossing Fund”,
and the remainder to be paid by the Railroad Company. -

g =].
to divert the North Talbot Road
Essex and Province of Ontario,

8. That cars standing on the east aud west passing tracks bo kept back’

200 foot clear of the highway, or that, In lieu thereof, 8 watchman bo placed

ing the Dominion without permits
authorities of PEMA Fokans No. 1,
headquarters London, Ont., are plan-
ning to establish a mounted patrol
along Detroft river, © - yy]
During the last two winters more
than 2,000 Oanadian soldiers crossed
to the United States, according to
Windsor officers, many doing “Eliza
stunts" across the ice, It (s sald.
“Ton returned’ soldiers are being
trained at London for (he patrol work,
and Captain William Griesinger, M. C..
chlet of military police at Windsor,

will have charge .of the squad, it {8
said.

  
  
  
  
   
    
  
 
    
  
  
  
   
  
   
 

 

    
   
    
    
  
   
      
  

KENT AND CHATHAM EPIDEMIC.

 

Health authorities of Kent county
and Chatham city are very much puz-
zled us to the spread of the epidemic
which they believe to be typhoid
fever. Edward - Greenwood, aged 88
yoars, was the first to die of the mal-
ady. More deaths are expected. Ex-
tra nurses have been engoged in the
hospitals in an effort to care for all
cases, ard special nurses are engaged
in several homees. The hot weather
of the past few days has been very.
hard on the sick and has aggravated
conditions. The cause of the malady
Is" still unknown, but tests of water

3d milk indicate both free from trou-
0.

Canadian, National
Exhibition

Aug. 26 TORONTO Sept.7

     
 

   
    

 

300,000 admissions sold first
day of advance sale, Come

with the crowds to thegreat-
estExposition in the 40 years’
history of the C. N. E.

“The Heroes
of Britain”

A production of tremen-
dous farce and beauty,

with 1200 participants.
All

 

 

tho colorful parupher-
nalla of romance and his-
tory In the making. I[n-
opicing, deamatic---a :
spectucle every Canadian i
should see.

MOVEMENT - LIFE
SPLENDOR

A Patriotic Thrill in every scens

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

". Giant livestock and” agricultural display—
Government exhibits—demenstrations of ote
tional training by 50 crippled heroes —farming
on factory: lines: “colowal exhibits of labors
saving devices — Government patriotic food
show — Creatore’s world-famed band = Alli”
ahibits ‘of fine arts—AND A WORLD OF, |
OTHER SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS. f

Si — ta —

PL "25 cents

Consult your local agent .

PELEE ISLAND ROUTE

 

       
       
 

- - Fiz

 STEAME

«“PELEE?

SUMMER: TIME TABLE, 1917

Taking Effect May 12th - -
Daylight Saving Time

   
     

Nellsen's Dock

West Dock...

Scudder ....

Loamington .

Kingsville .
WEDNESDA

West DooR ... ,.0es nn

Scudder ...

Arrives Ambersiburg

Windsor, Hurley
THURSDAY

Windsor Fy
Amherstbucg +. 9,00 am,
Wost Dock, Poles. «12.45 p,m.

For Scudder and Shore Ports.
This time table subject 10 change with-

out notice,
reserves the right to

- his Company
refuse passage to objectionable persons.
of résponsible for gootls not prop-
erly addressed and tai e .
ations to Windsor pt

Leaves

   
   

Arrives

Leaves

    
    

Leaves

 
     
   
       

   
    
      
    

  

     

  
    
     
  
 
   

   
 
    

diress all commun!
and Pelee Island Steamship Co.,
Scudder P. O., Ontario,
J. N. SHEATS, . W. A. BAKER.
Master. Purser.

 
  

 
  
  
 
   
  
 
  

  
 
   
  
 
   
    
  
 

L. BERTRAND

   

  
  
   
   
   
  
   
  
   

   
   
   
   
  

 
   
  
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
 

   
  

  
  
 
 
        
  
 

     
   

at her late home at 12:30 on Friday, through the Institute: they would withdraw their consen * to | mareled, for the Invitations wed- |at the sald crossing during the time that cars are standing closer than 200° FUNERAL DIRECTOR ;
after which ‘the wehe tonvey- ed iro ubjcts of such vital ; . iE v to i ert 3 {gh sy . k $ I ugr :
; Surcly with subse tho mardage. ~~ ding were not recalled, and it ocenrred | feet from thie highway, RA Rnb, as
a en. "attor | importagee aa tie SPN CUCL | Mo anent o night of torture and the. | an the day that had py ai : (Sime) HL. L DRAYTON, Priairabe be yt J
t mee! ‘ 5 Afte wm \ + :
a to aftention of ali| Rest moroing ently sont for an at- | his marriage McKnight took > Board of Rallway. Commissioners for Canada. |

 
  
  
 
  
 
 

Which interment was made in the

1d call ¢
family plot in Erle cemetery, Colchep-| We {0 d

to the importance

  

 

of the summi

ET

Railway Commissioners

  
   

 

and in rn

 
 
    
  

fr Yilage. + | to oting, held-thraughout June, wher | : L by | Board of :
3 Se : ie} il (for his appearnnce when “bie bad been ab _ for Canada.
the delegate fro, od pe shina ja. ( : j ¢ Examined and certified as a true copy a
Toma A MAS REID. Sb has tho latest Ln: | tha case cama to trial, he would bo Jara was that 1 \inder Section 23 ot “Tho Hallway Act:

foneer farmer of

Morgen dled’ BU Wed: wm Rata ices that "A. D. CARTWRIGHT,

Tesday bi uddenty home q the In: Iar Wu 2 hav his awn | pre ¢ mebt tN | uc. of Board of Rallway Commissioners

IE an tho Sth con . nd, > Suttody. ost of | vere dead. | for :

[th year. Six } cam ‘ i

Was kicked In
Sion caused

- thought to

Teta! > Ho want
Test in the earl

Aud when me

bE ’

 
 
  
     
   

(i

(chard hl
