Tin

2

8 Re Cale

eat

——— ee

Essex County Council,
SPECIAL SEssion.

Tomy Council Chamber,

A Sandwich, May 3rd, 148%
angi. mot at gam. In special session, at the call of the Warsn.

1 called, all embers present but Messrs. Ducharme and Noble.

- Bgnutes of the special session of March 25th were read.

"on moatloh, the minutes were adopted as read.

3 ‘ho Warden explained the reason that he had called he Special session,
on motion ot Messrs. Droulllard and Scratch, 0, B. Fleming, Mayor
oF A. D. Bowlby and Major Wilkinson addressed (ie members of the

ut councll, asking for a grant of $25,000 from the Gunty for the Y. M.

or for’ Overseas work.
pr. Morand, Mr. Roach, Dr. Reaume and J. Robinet addpssed the mem-

pars asking for a grant to the Catholic Army Hut Fund for owrsens work. |
council adjourned to reassemble at 2.30 p.m.
AFTERNOON SESSION,
coumcll reassembled at 2.30 p.m.

Roll called, All members present but Messrs. Ducharme and Naople,
Communications, Accounts, Etc, :
BC Weldrick, Electrical Inspector, wrote the Cmncll regarding the
ing of the Court House and Gaoler's residence.
v Town of Amherstburg, conveyance of Paul Trblet and Joseph Martin
{0 Tndpatrinl School, $31.60,

w. FH. Hackney, conveyance of Barbara Cowell to Industrial School,
pefk | W. Fred. Park and’ Alex. Park, Madstrates of Amherstbury, that
shey’ iad committed Paul Triolet and Joseph Martin to the Industrial School,
ed the County would bo responsible for ther maintenance,

From W. D. Beaman, P. M. of Essex, that he had committed Barbara
Cowal (0 the Industrial School, and the Cmnty would be responsible for
ser maintenance,

Moved by Mr. Droulllard, seconded by Mr. Chauvin, that the Gaol Com-
sittee have an examination made by a competent man of the wiring in the
court House and Gaolers' residence, and regort at the June session —Carrind,

Council adjourned to allow committees to meet and reassemble at 4.30

C0

n. X -
r “council reassembled-at 5 pm.

The Finance Committee presented thelr report, and was read a first time.
On motion, all rules were suspended for tlie despatch of business,
Finance Committee's report was read a sacond time.
Moved by Mr. Plant, seconded by Mr. Renaud, that
Finance Committee be adopted. —Carried.
Council adjourned till Monday, June 17th.
Signed) W. P. COYLE,
Clerk.

fhe report of the

Report of Finance Committee.

mp the Warden and Council of the. County of 3gex, in’ Council assemblad:

Gontlemen,—Your Finance Committee beg leave to report as follows:—

Wo recommend that Essex County grant to the Y. M. C. A. and the
gatholic Hut Fund the sum of $27,000.00 in the proportion of 75 per cent. to
the Y. M. C. A. and 25 per cent! to the Catholic Hut Fund, and that a by-law
te prepared and submitted to this Council at the June session. to authorize
the I8sue of debentures for $26:000.00 payable in ten annual payments, and
that $2,000 be pafd by this year's lovy.

We recommend the payment of the following fccounts:—
own of Amherstburg, conveyance of Paul Tyiolet and Joseph
\,~ Martin to Industrial School 3

W. F. H

31 60

nt its hearty
respectfully

tips
All of whigh Is respectfully submitted:
(Signed) THOS. PLANT,

- Chairman.
Sandwich, Ont, May\3rd, 1918,

iy

oncrete Products

JERE a SA

Build with Concrete Block

Drain Your Land With Concrete Tile
4 THE LASTING MATERIAL.

We have on hand 75,000 tile, all sizes, from 4 to 12 inch:

We have installed an automatic power block making ma-
chine and thereforé can handle any size order in the block line

We. handle ROGERS’ HIGH GRADE CEMENT. For
sdle in any quantity.

We also have samples of Pressed Brick in.all colors.

Sr ——————————

BY JOHN W. 8. McCULLOUGH, M.D., D.P.H., CHIEF, OFFICER,
OF THE PROVINCIAL BOARD OF HEALTH,

HERE aro five chief ways in which disense spreads. These are:
Water, Food, Flies, Milk, and Contact. These sources of {nfection
are intermingled with one another. Let us look into them and
800 how disense travels from one person to another.

" The source of all water supply comes from the rain and
snow. Next we find it In rivers, streams, ponds, and lakes, stored In the
ground in the form of springs, and in underground stretches of gravel

whence it is obtained from deep or shallow wells. When a water supply

is being considered it must bs judged (like tho character of a
WATER person) by the company it keeps, Any source of water supply

cannot be pure if it is exposed to the entrance into it of sewage
(the discharge from the bodies of human beings). This may occur.in a
variety of ways; for example, a stream, river, or lake which would® other-
wise be pure, may have the sewage of a town dumped into it, or there may
be water-closets upon its banks, or the excreta of a typhoid case mdiy be
thrown on the ground nearby and washed by melting snow or rain into the
water. A supply from such a source, unless purified, is a dangerous one.; It
might be safe for every day of the year but ome; the pollution on that sno
day might start an epidemic of disease. The well may be unprotected,
allowing surface water to enter, or it may be sunk in a creviced limestone
rock which serves as a means whereby Sewage may reach the water. The
commonest diseases carried by water are Typhoid Fever, Cholera, Dyséntery,.
and Diarrhoea (or Summer Complaint). = In this country the commonest
water-borne disease is Typhoid Fever. :

Food frequently earries disease because {t becomes contaminated
FOOD by flies, dirty fingers, and by mouth or nose-spray, of carriers or

persons affected by disease. Meat containing the germs of tuber-
culosis or the larvae of certain worms, if insufficiently cooked, may carry
diseases. 3

Flies breed In manure, chiefly in fresh horse manure. They will not
breed in fermenting manure, which {8 too hot for them. A period of eight
to eleven days is required to carry the fly from the emg stage through the

maggot, larvae, and pupae stages to the full grown fly. The fly
FLIES will not travel great distances if there Is plenty of food at hand,

but if hungry it may fly for some distance, say half a mile or more,
One can easily understand how this insect may carry disease when one con-
sliders its well-known habits of flitting from the exposed contents of the
water-closot to food in the kitchen. Diseases such as Typhoid, Dysentery,
Cholera, Diarrhoea, and Tuberculosis are commonly carried by flies.

By milk from tuberculous cows children may become infected with
Tuberculosis; or, if the hand’er is a consumptive, the disease may be car-
ried to the users. Similarly, if those handling milk are in contact
with diseases Ilke Scarlet Fever or Diphtheria, these diseases may
be carried. Washing of cans with sewage-polluted water, or dilution
of milk with polluted water may serve to infect the milk, and, in turn, the
consumers with water-borne diseases. }

. . LJ

Contact with either the actual victims of diseases like Tuberculosis
and communicable affections, or with “carriers” of such diseases is a very
common means of Infection. Those who come, closest in contact with
sufferers from communicable diseases are the greatest victims,
Thus in cases of Diphtheria the mother, the nurse, and the
doctor suffer infection in the order named. It used to be
thought that Tuberculosis’ was inherited because members of the same
family often died one after the other. Now it is well vnderstood that Tuber-
culosis is'a “Catching' disease and that it is the close contact between the
members of the family, living, eating, sleeping together, using the same
table utensils and the same towels, which is the cause of the terrible family
mortality from this disease. Tho better this is known the better is the
chance for prevention of Tuberculosis. 3

LJ . LJ

These, facts about the manner in which disense.is spread should be
taught to every child. The school teachers might do well to have ew:
child in hfs or her class learn these truths by heart. "Children
learn such facts very quickly. The knowledge of the growing population
about these matters ds the hope and the standby of the public health
oficer, *

MILK

CONTACT

_GOSFIELD NORTH,

read by the President: from

Mrs. George Jackson for flowers.sent s

b 69, 5g
E “Millie Goodchild, *Inez Bratt.

b Ivan Marontat

Henry Robidoux

“Cement Products Contractor ~

Phone 193

: Amherstburg, O nt

FOR WEARING OF CHEVRONS.

thority has been Issued hy” the

a Department at Ottawa for the
aring of service chevrons by the
Canadfan troops. These chevrons,
1 dre worn on the sleeve near
iat, show whether the soldler

n out of Canada or not, and

[ red and blue colors. Tho red

on is only worn. by Firat Con-

nt men. The men when they go

away put on pone chevron and one Is

grnted for ench succeéding year of
farvico. Nome [8s allowed,~however,
for x fraction of'm year, and if a man
bai’ ben on furlough for more than
one mouth the time is lost.

MALDEN SCHOOL REPORT.

Report of S. S. No. 5, Malden, for
April. Names in order of merit. First
mark clay tanding, second mark con-
duct! Those absent for any examina-
on marked with ‘s. Sr. IV—*Carrle
Gibb. Sr, III—Murtin Dawey 43, 45.

b Ir. lil—Manley French 62, 70; Bea-

trico Langlol 67, 76; Minnie Pigeon
4%. 60; sJosoph Beaudoin, *Ross
Wright. Sr. [I—Mac Deneau 80," 60;
Howard French 63, 60; Stanley Brush
+ Dominic Marontate 67, Li
T.
I—lvan Reaudofn 60, 66; .Seth Colll-

[On 49, 65; Leslie Brush 46,46, Aaron

Wright 45, 54; Olin -Sollars. Sr; J—

f dlarie Gibb 68,70; Carl Goodchild» 61,

“Grace ‘Arner, *Mildred ‘Pigeon,
Dorey Wright, Jr, I—Alvin Langlofs,
e,.Hazol Goodchild, Re-
Langlofs. “Primer B—Murray
b and Lovedy child (equal),
"in Da Squire, *Maur-
ntate. Primer

, Norman, Lan .
olin, Ruby Jarriett, y
bb: MJ
hb vv

il Gj an

eloher, ALR

rk >
"Fr, from the battlefle

rEer,

SANDWICH EAST.

The death occurred Saturday morn-
ing at the “Roselawn,” Sandwich East,
of Evariste A. Pepin, son of Jos. N.
Papin, formerly of the customs de-
partment. - He was 42 years Of age
and was ill only a few days. He Is
survived besides his*father by two sis-
tors, Mrs. J. G. Gangnier and Mrs. A.
Langlois, agel two brothers, Alexander
J. Papin, of Datroit, and Dr. Wilfrid
Papin, of this city. The funeral was
held from Mr. Pepin’s summer resi
dence, “Roselnwn”, Monday morning,
with services at Our Lady of tha Laks
church, Ford, at 9.30 o'clock, With in-
torment at St. Alphonsus cemetery.

ev

‘STEEL ARMED CAVALRY. 3

Recruits are urgently needed * for
Steel Armed Coyeiry for: immediate
service at the front, :

They must fie Catogory-A”2 men,
5‘ 7" in height, accustomed to horses,
and good riders, eR ras

Men who am fn Class 1 of the Mili-
tary Service Act are not to be accept-
ed for this service,

Steel Armef Cavalry are armed with
a sword and trajned for “Shock ac-
tion.” This {8 to deferentiate them
between thif arm of the service and
Mounted Kifles.

If they are found “it” by the Medi

cal Baird {n'London, they will be sent
to tls Depot Squadron, Royal Can-
afin Dragoons; Toronto, Ont.
Applicants may apply to any auth-
rized Medical Examiner in the Dis-
tdct, for medical examination.
OF 0. FAIRBANK,
bo + Major.
'.  Ofmcer Ijc Recruiting for
* Steel Armed Cavalry.
foo J eld supreme
urge is shown” at tin
brings no. plaudits from the world.
de. | om: Hom {8 _mourning the
rvs an

| Steed; teacher, Mrs, Garner. =
BS HINGSVILLE. .

Mrs, Nancy White, 66

years old,
lifelong resident

and a prominent

| church worker of Windsor, died Fris

day afternobn at her home, 12: Curry
avenue, after a long illnéss. In ad-
dition to her husband, William White,
she is survived by seven daughters,
Mrs. J. C.’ Anderson, Mrs. Ernest Mus-
tard, and Mrs. C. W. Carruthers, of
Windsor; Mrs. T. Claverson, Dundas,
Ont.; Mrs. Robert Mason, Lacomb,
Alta, and the Misses Beatrice and
Olive White living at Lome, and four
sons, Stephen and Melvin White, of
Essex; Edwin, of Windsor, and Jesse
White, of Cottam, Burial was made
at Kingsville Monday afternoon, fol-
lowing service at the residence at 2:
o'clock, fast time. i *
Cottam.

Thos. A. Tully, of Essex, has pur-
chased Sam Agh’s 76-acre farm on the
South Rear Road, possession to the
given next Spring, Price $5,200.—
Archie Noble, who recently sold his
farm in the 1jth concesdlon to John
Wilcox, has purchased 8 property in
Leamington, and avill moye to that
town.—The Canning Company is In-
stalling a new bojler In the factory

J and bullding an addition to the fac:

tory. W..J. Wyatt {s furnishing the
blecks for sae.—Harry Smith, son of
Ed. Smith, of Cottam; and George
Myles; of North Woodslee, lave en-
listed In the 3rd Battery at London
for overseas gervice.—The following,
officers Ways elected for the next six
months ai the meeting of the Epworth
League lyst” Friday: Pres. Corbett
Queen; lst Vice-Pres, Harry New-
man; 2nd Vice-Pres., Carrie Pefty.
plece; 3rd Vice-Pres., Freda Halklo;
ith Viie.Pres., Orville Haggins; Sec,
Sada Neville; »Treas., Clarence Petty-
plece; Organist, Iva. Clarke; Asst.,
Ruby Hawkes. Beginning with « the
first Friday dn May, the League méet-
Ing Will commence at mine o'clgek in-
stend of elght—An enjoyable time
was spent at a birthday party at Geo.
McMahon's, on Wednesday, May ist,
the occasion being Mrs. McMahon's
56th birthday, About thirty persons
were present, Including Mrs. James
Gillet and child, of Detroit; Mrs. Wm.
Cardy, of Wayne, Mich.; ‘Mrs. J. Me-
Indoo and daughter, of Windsor; Mr.
and Mrs. Norman Campbell and sister
Mildred, of Leamington; Mr, and
Mrs. C. Hickmoth, Mr. and Mrs. Fred.
Crow, and Mr. and Mrs. Reuben
Latam, of Olinda. Besides. there were
a number of neighbors. An excellent
dinner was served and Mrs! McMahon

|| wha the recipient of many beautiful
| mitts, ;

sr

5 Elford.
Henry Rounding moved from his
farm on the 7th con, of Colchester
North, to Mr.” Wilson's. property in
Mafdstone.—The Comradeé's Bible

COLCHE LER NORTH.

-| Class of Bethel Methodist church has |

electod the following officers for the
yoar:—President, . Fred. Elford; 1st
Vice-Pros., Thomas Plper; Seerotary,
Ernie. ‘Mulcaster; - Treasurdr, Stanley
Parker;. . Convener of : Membership
Co tee, Byron Eilfo} Convenor
of “Missionary _ Committee, n
Quick; * Assistant "Teacher, Robert

4 tel |
Wigle

to her mother's funeral, Mrs. Joseph,
Woods.

TILBURY.

Word was received in Tilbury Fri-
day ‘that Pte. Archié Cowley, son of
Mrs, John Cowley, Queen street,had
been killed {n action. . Pte. Cowley was
20 years of gage and — was a mod
young man in every sense of the word.
He enlisted In the 91st Batallon here,
Before he donned the khaki he was
an active and valuable meémber 6f the
Tilbury Boy Scouts. Ho was a clever
ball player and after he went over-
seas took part In some of the big bat-
talion games. At‘the time of enlist-
ing he was an employee of the’ Can-
adlan Top Company. A memorial ser-
vice was held in his honor in the Til-
| bury Presbyterian: church, of which
‘he was a member, on Sunday after
json.

) TOWN uF ESSEX.:

W. Willoughby, who is-employed by
James Pearce, had the misfortune_last
week to have his leg broken at the
ankle by being struck by a pola while,
assisting to do some work on the
farm,

The calling of a number of bank
clerks to the colors has crippled some
of the ‘branches’of the Imperial k
In this. section. As a result, D. Laing
tellen in the Essex branch, has been
assisting in“the Windsor branch this
week. #

At the meeting of*Enterprise Lodge,
No.. 218, L.O.OF., on Thursday even-
Ing of Inst week, Thomns A. Kennedy
was oletted representative to Grand
Lodge, which meets in Hamilton in
June, and Thomns A. Kennedy and
James Murray representatives to Dis-
trict Mecting.

Miss Willena Crawford, wlio has
completed her third: year in Toronto
University, {s spending the week at
her parental home in town prior to
going to Swift Current, Sask., to take
charge of ‘a school near there for the
summer months. Miss Clara Sereth,
ot Calgary, Also a student at nl,
versity, ‘spent the week with Miss
Crawford: = : EE

Wallace Laird, son of Mr. and Mrs.
James. Laird, went to London last.
week and eslisted fn“the 63rd Battery.
This makes three sons of Mr, and Mrg.
Laird ‘who are in the servicg, ' Bruce
went overseas witi the 99th Battarton
and has ‘been in France for more. than
a year, being in tle machine gan sec-
tion. Burns Is fn the aviatfon: corps,
has been in Texas ti* past winter an

Wallace goes into tha artillery.
former two are twins, and 21 yours
age, the latter Is 19 yaars old... ...
Jack, the 7-year-old son of Mr. Roy-
craft, who lives at the ¢omer of Ar-
thur and Irwin avenues, was the Vic.
tim of a serious accident wn Wednas.
day ovening of last week. The little
Tellow attempted to croadl Talbot streot
near the town hall in fron
driven by Joseph .

is now training at Deseronto, Walls, the war found themseives in Holland
t

dato d a Pl RE Eel
0 lad xh 44 || dv cut out borders.

WINDSOR.

Fire, ‘which had {ts origi from an

over-hented stove, destroyed the Sep-

arate school at Pike Creek, near Wind-
sor, Thursday night, The lass fs plac-

“led at $4,000.

Boys playing with matclfes started
on fire Friday afternoon that badly
darmged a barn at the rear of James
Washington's residence,
gall avenue, Windsor.

Going to Walkerville: on Thursday
night to visit friends, Mrs.
Coarken, of Detroit, smuggled two
quurts of whiskey past Dominfon cus-
toms officers at the Walkerville ferry
dock. For this violation’ of the On-
tarfo “dry” act she was filmed $205.50.

Included In the list of suocessfal can-
didates at eastern Canadian © points
at the competitive axamimstions for
the outside division of the civil ser-
vice held on April 2nd are: At Wind-

sor—Yvonne Gignac, G. McGregor, |

Florence I. Northwood, EH. W. Ridley.

Charged with non-support of his
wife and family, Peter Mongeon, of
Stoney Point, was ordered Friday af-
ternoon in Windsor police conrt to
pay $10 a week towards the mainten-
ance of his five children. The money
will be paid to the parish priest at
Stoney Point.

Rejected when he applied for enlist-
ment in the Royal Flying Corps and
the Canadian Infantry, Frank J. Tea-
han, sporting editor of the Windsor
Record, last week signed to serve in
the United States: Merchant Marine
as deckhand on’a vessel that left Fri-
day for an Atlantic port. He Is the
fourth son of Dennis Teahan, 8 Wind-
sor business” man, who has enlisted
to “do his bit.”- His son, Lieut. John
Patrick Teahan, was killed in _nction
while serving with: the famous British
Battalion, the Sherwood Foresters.

No less than $7,646.62 was callected
by the Patriotic Society of All Saints’
church, Windsor, durinfz the year
ending April 30th. The money was
expended as follows: Wool, $2,828;
Red Cross, $1,445.38; prisoners of war
$1,320; British Red Cross, $400; Navy
League, $405.50; French Relief,” $125;
smoké fund, $822.25; chaplain’s fund,
$05; Belgian Rellef, $20; miscellan-
oous, $64.40, The soclety alsa knit-
ted” 4708 pairs of sgcks for the year.

irae Wf ee eae

WALKERVILLE.
a

Capt, J. B. Forest, “the man who
kept Walkerville clean,” having held
the offices of plumbing inspecior, sun-
itary Inspector and laundry inspector,
died on Saturday. He was born.in
Sandwich 69 yedrs ago, [To went to
sen when he was sixteen, coming hon
estly by his desire to be a sailor, as
his father was master of .as fine a
ship as ever sailed in hissday, and
each of his four brothers, like tha cap-
tain himself, held their magtory’ cers
tificates, Capt. Forest was {5 com-
mand of the Walker yacat:Luvlina for
19 years. After that he was in coms
mand of the Edna Ivan, making his
last cruise in 1908, He put in 32 years
of his-life on the water, The funeral
was held on Monday afternoon, with
services in St, John's church, Sands

wich,
—

PALE, LISTLESS GIRLS

Are.in a Condition That May Lead
to a Hopeless Decline,
——

* Perhaps you have noticed that your
daughter in her “teens” has develops
ed a fitful temper, is often restless and
excitablé without apparent cause. Inj)
that case remember that the march
of years {8 ldading her on to woman-
hood, and that at this time a great
responsibility rests upon you as a
mother. If your daughterd.is pale,
complains of weakness and depres
sion, feels tired out after a little ex-
ertion; If she tells you of headaches
and backaches, or pains in the side’'do
not disregard these warnings. Your
daughter needs the help that only
new, rich blood can give for she Is

anaemic—that is bloodless.

Should you. notice “‘any of these
signs, lose mo time, but procure for
her Dr, Williams’ Pink Pills, or her

190 McDou- |)

Rachel {!

“Brighten the corner where you are” sang Billy

Sunday. It applies to every day life: more particularly
to Housecleaniing. :

Make up, your mind. this Spring to change things
around in your house—insta? a few new pieces of Furni-
ture and brighten up the old furniture. We have every-

thing you require at prices, that defy war conditions.

LINOLEUMS, all widths
Floor Oil Cloths
Carpets and Rugs

We have a
handsome line

a of

Dull fs medium priced
CGY”

5

Save your
| wife a 1000
stepsa week
= DY :
installing

Kitchen |

Cabinet}

s is a miracle step-saver in
thousands of homes:

A GREAT - SPECIAL !

Veri-Brite! Furniture Polish.

Olin. some cases and good ‘wood has

to
0.

unhealthy ‘girlhood is bound to lead
to unhealthy womanhood. Dr. Wil-
liams* Pink Pills enrich the impovar-
ished blood of girly and women, and
by so doing they repair the waste

| Makes old furniture look like
new. 25c. and 50c. a bottle.
and, prevent disease. They give to ;

sickly, drooping girls health, bright- dE BENE : v

ness and charm, with color In the +
Sn
i (J)

cheeks, sparkling eyes,” a light Step

and high spirits. If your daughter

shows any ‘signs of anaemia Insist ||

that shesbegins to-day to cure herself

by the use of Dr. Williams’ Pink

Pills. Miss Grace E. Haskins, Latch-

ford,  Ont., says:—*It would be im-

possible for.me. to speak too highly

of Dr. Williams" Pink -Pills: A few

years ago my health was such that my

parents were seriously alarmed. 1

was pale,- listless and ' constantly

tired. I suffered much from head-

paches, and my trouble was aggravated ,

“by a bad congh. I tried several med- .
: but to ro avail, and my triends

New Headquarters
: I have moved to the
Deneau Shop and Re-
sidence, Apsley Street,
where I am prepared to

give better service,
than ever, to the trade.

"HARRY CADARET.
Ponedl iy Si

. mi etn

thought I was in a decline. Then Dr,
Williams® Pink Pills were recommend-
ed and my mother got three boxes.
They were the first medicine that
really helped me, and a further sup-
ply was got and I- gontinued taking
them for several months until they
completely. cured me. To-day, thanks
to Dr. Willlams’' Pink Pills, I am as
healthy as any girl in Northern On-
tario, and J am g my experience
(that other girls may benefit by ft."
© You can get these pills through any
Idealer in medicine, or by mail at 60 |
cents a - box or alx boxes:for $2.60 |
(from The Dr. Willlams' Medlcine Co,
Brockville, Ont. § >

5 ——r——rc—— I Ta

THOSE INTERNED, SAILOR LADS.
; Every once in a while some one
(asks about those unfortunate British |.
sailors who at the very beginning of

ingtead of Belgium and were, conse:
quently, Interned. oro was held
(recently in London an art exhibition
at which were offered for sale some
of the work turned out hy these men
lof the Royal Navy Brigade. Beauti-|
fitully, designed tea caddies ‘were sold
jat almost. ridiculously low prices.
Dutch models have given the (ncentive:

made good carving possible. Some i y : . : :
complete in all lines. Lo

= a

inest lines

4

x

-

em tin mt gett

Aw ene; ei wi Swe ne A A nth

o

3
Xe
* a

.

aac op rat oe TH ——— ;

ORS

peo

