Vision, for a moment, those far off ports
bevond the frackless seas—

From Arctic ice, to the forrid (ands
beneath the Southern Cross—

From towns tucked in the mountains, to
the busy river's mouth—

© 1 WRIGLEY is there!

MADE IN CANADA

- SEALED TIGAT—
KEPT RIGHT _

There. because men find
comfort and refreshment
in Its continued use.

Because of its benefits
and because

3 MAGNIFICENT STEAMERS 3
The Great Ship “SEEANDBEE” Tay OF ERIE” — “CITY OF BUFFALO"

ee ——
CLEVELAND — Daily, May 1st to Nov. 15th — BUFFALO

Lave CLEVELAND = B:00 PAL » CENTRAL Leave BurvaLo = = 5100 P.M,
Arrive Bupvaro = « 6:30AM.) STANDARD Toe {Arrive Smom = G10 AM.
Connections at Buffale for Niegars Falls and al] Pastern and Canadian points, Rallfosd tickets
pending butweon Clevelasd uffalo are good transportation on our steamers, AM your
ticket agent for ets C. & B. Line, New Tourist Autetoebile Kato—3§1.10 Dy
with 2 days return limit, for car not sxoeading 127 In, wheelbase,

Tred ses tonal praia chart Of The Great Bip“ BEEANDHER" seat on receipt of
Beautifully colored Beet] pe cou) and descriptive bookiet fre,

The Cleveland & Buffalo
Transit
Cleveland,

3
13
8
od
9
g

AME ld AE

Ld

Ae

WE HAVE IN STOCK

. SHINGLES, LAT, CEDAR POSTS, BARN BOARDS,
JOISTS, MOULDINGS OF ALL KINDS, DOOR SASH,
y RUBBEROI) © ROOFING, gr

Place your order with us and save money

JOEN FRASER

Planing Mill and Lumber Yard

AMHERSTBURG, ONT.

>
J Ee SER ET SL EEE SE

ALL BREADS
ARE : NOT
THE SAME

Any fair test shows the Best of Bread to be

‘GURTIS BREAD

Try it and know: for yourself the ‘‘delicious” flavor
“that's baked into this wholesome Bread.

‘ALL KINDS. BAKED. 6000S ON HAND.

Zooferfeofecfenfssfesfasfesiesfenfssfesfunfsefesferferfecfesferfesferfecfecfesiesferiefe

or

: wae Ls
The Model Bake

4 EE RR a foo aS Rad

road

The Canada Gazette

PUBLISHED BY AUTHORITY
OTTAWA, TUBSDAY, APRIL 30th,
1918.

CANADA FOOD BOARD

Order No. 30.

In exercise of the power nonfarrad
upon it by Orders of His Excell:ney,
the Gov r-General in Council, dated
the 12th ‘dhy of March, 1918, P. C.
696 and P. OC. 687, amd of all other
powers enabling it in that behalf, the
Canada Food Board hereby orders as
follows: —

1. No person shall hold or have In
his possession, or under his control at
any one time, cane sugar more than is
sufficient for his. ordinary require
ments for a period not exceeding fif-
teen days, except as hereinafter pro-
vided:

(a) A person living at a greater
distance than two miles , and less than
five miles from a dealer licensed by
the Cannda Food Board, may have in
his possession, or under his control,
cane sugar not more than is sufficient
for his ordinary requirements from
a period pot exceeding thirty days; a
person living at a greater distance
than five miles, and less than ten
miles from a dealer licensed by the
Canada: Food Board, may have in his
possession or under his control, cane
sugar not more than is sufficient for
his ordinary requirements for a period
not exceeding sixty days; and a person
living at a distdnce of ten miles or
mire from such dealer, may have In
his possession, or under his control,
cane sugar not maore than is sufficient
for his ordinary requirements for a
period not exceeding one hundred and
twenty days.

Order No. 32.

In exercise of the power conferred
upon it by Orders of His Excellency,
the Governor-General in Council, dated
the fifteenth day of November, 1918,
P. C. 3214, and of all other powers
enabling it in that behalf, the Canada
Food Board hereby orders as follows:

1. No person shall operate in Cimada
any flour mill, or amy mill for the
manufacture of any fowd or food pro-
duct manufactured frome wheat, oats,

rye, Indian corn or maize, peas or
buckwheat, unless such person shall
have obtained a written license from
the Canada Food Board:

2. The following shall be the fees

chargeable for a license tio operate a
mill for the manufacture ®f any food
or food products manufamtured from
wheat, barley, oats, rye, [indian corn
or maize, peas or buckwheait:

(n) for mills of one hundred barrel
capacity or less per day of tnwenty-four
hours, the sum of $10; and—

(b) for every additional
dred barrels or fraction (thereof an
additional sum of $6; but {in no case
ghall the fee for such licemse g¢xceed
*I'the sum of six hundred dollinrs.

Order No! 33,

In, exercise of the power conforrad
upon it by. Orders of His 'Excellancy,
the Governor-General in @ouncil, dated
the fifteenth doy of Nowember, 1918,
P. C. 3214, and of all wther powers
enabling it in that behalff, the Canada
Food Board hereby ordmrs as follows:

1. On and after the: first day of
June, 1918, no perswn shall munufac-
ture In Canada for gale, ice cream,
candy, cake, crackers; biscuits, pastry,
: confectionery, ice cream cones or
chewing gum without first having ob-
tained from the Canada Food Board
a license, to be calledl “Confectioners’
License”; provided; iiowever, that per-
sons holding a’ Bakeirs® license under
Order No. 18 ofthis. Board, or a Pub-
lic Eating House License undér Order

one hun-

a Confectioners’ License under this
Order.
Order No. 34.

In exercise of the. power conferred
upon ‘it by Orders off His Excellency,
the Governor-General| in Council, dated
the 12th day of Mmrch, 1918, P. C.
596, and of all other: powers enabling
it in that behalf, thye Canada Food
Bonrd hereby orders: as follows:—

1. On and’ after Jgne 1st, 1918, no
person in Canada shall use in the
manufacture ‘for sigle of biscults
cakes or sweet dough, products more
than 80 per centum off standard wheat
flour; provided that née more than 90
per centum of standard} wheat flour
may be used in the mayufacture of
soda biscuits.

2. On and after May JYgt, 1918, no
person In Canada shall yge in the
manufacture of any biscuit ; product
more than 100 pounds of cine Sugar
and 40 pounds of shortenifg to 200
pounds of flour and gubstitutes.

3. On and after May 1st, 1918, no
person in Canada ghall use in the
manufacture of fruit cake, poumtk
cake, layer. wine, sponge, oriiiny line
of cake not beFpinafter prohibited,
more than 100 founds of cane sugar
and 65 pounds of shortening to 200
pounds of flour and substitutes.

3. On and ifier May 1st, 1918, no
person in Caiindn shall usc in the
manufacture of any sweet dough pro-
ducts more thin 25 pounds of cane
sugar and 15 pounds of shortening to
200 pounds of flour and substitutes.

Order No. 36. .
OLtawa, April. 26th, 1918.

In exercise of lig power conferred
upon it by Orders of His Excellen
the Governor-Genega] fn Council, da!

Bn fc dob

596, and of all other powers enabling
it in that behalf the Canada Food
Board hereby ofders as follows: —

| for private congumption, French pas-
tries, iced cikes or biscuits or cakes
wifi {cing of cane sugar between: the
layers, or addag

no person shill uge in Canada cane

sumption,

whit {3 commonly called
* | candy. :

o regulations, or any.
made lyreunder, or obstruct-f

officer or p

No,'26 of this Boardi*gnail not require.

the 12th. day of March; 1918, P. C.|
1. No perso ghall mnke in Canada |

to the exterior; and

sugar for Wiking, for private con:

"HOW TO KEE

BY JOHN W. 8. MeCULLOUGH, M.D,, D.P.H,, CHIEF OFFICER
OF THE PROVINCIAL BOARD OF HEALTH.

PWELL |

—p—— “8 -

NLY THE RICH can adorn themselves with rare and costly jewels,
but the finest, most useful, and most attractive of all jewels—
good testh—are within the reach of everyone. Good teetlr are
not only a factor of personal adornment, but their value is much

greater as a means of protection against disease.
Why does one never see a poor, grouchy dyspeptie with a set of good
teeth? Poor, broken-down teeth cannot properly masticate food. If the

food is not properly chewed the stomach has too.greata'burden placed upon /|!|

it, the digestion is imperfect, the. entire system becomep disarranged, and
the person becomes nervous, irritable, and dyspeptic.

But this is not all. - The ragged roots and the cavities in teeth harbor
putretying food and germs which slowly but surely poison the body, causing’

Tonsillitis, Rheumatism; and Heart Disease.

About 5( per cent. of school children have defective teeth. If a child
bas an aching tooth, or a painful gumboil do you think it possible that he
can learn his lessons or progress In school as he. should? Destructive
changes in teeth start in early IHe, long before the child reaches an ago
where he can realize the value of good teeth, ‘

The responsibility for good tecth [s thus placed upon the parent, So
the {gnorant or careless parent is to blame for this 50 per cent. of children
who are hampered physically and mentally because of poor teeth.

Parents must learn the value of good teeth. If they have neglected
their own teeth or if thelr teeth have suffered from thelr parents neglect,
should they not try and do better by their own children?
realize that a few dollars pald to the dentist early. in life will purchase for
their children the priceless jewels and ensure their children’s health,

Where parents fail in thelr duty to their children the municipality, the
school, the public health authorities; and the state should step in and
assume the responsibility! The children are our future citizens, and upon
their individual health and efMciency depends the welfare of the nation.

Why are the Greeks degenerated from the intellectual, athletic, and
warlike nation of early history, to the miserable people of the present day?
Disease such as malaria’is said by competent authority to be the cause.

At no former period in the history of (he British nation was there
greater need of ensuring the mental and physical efciency of our people.
Nothing (8 of greater importance in this regard than the care of Nature's
Jewels, :

School teachers, school medical inspectors, and school nurses can and
do exercise an invaluable good in discovering defects in children’s teeth.
School dentists can do the rest.

The work of preserving children’s teeth should be promoted as follows:

(1) Locate children with defective teeth,

(2) Notify careless and {ndifferent parents of existing
trouble.

(3) Provide dental attention for neglected children,

These lines are not directed so much tosthe public health departments
of well-managed cities, but more particularly tp the authorities of towns
and rural communities where knowledge of such matters may not be so well
disseminated.

Parent and teacher who read this column, will you do your duty?

The early care of the teeth is one of the greatest of public health problems.

Every child should bs taught to use a tooth-brush in a proper manner.
The brush should, not be too stiff nor too large. The teeth should 4he
brushed not across their.surfaces but up and down, 80 as to remove sub-
stances between the teeth, Any food particle that sticks between the teeth
and cannot be reached by the fibres of the brush, may be removed by a
th.ead of silk run between the teeth. The brush should be used at least
twice a day: on rising in the morning and on retiring at night. The
retention of bits of food between the teeth during the night is most injur-
ious to the teeth, The kind of tooth paste used does not matter. The
chief fault with pastes of all kinds is that they are altogether too expensive,
A little powdered borax is a cheap and simple substance to use for cleansing
the teeth, Do not allow tartar to accumulate on the teeth It not only
promotes decay but is apt, If neglected, to cause destruction of the teeth
from pyorrboea., By all means see a first-class dentist about every six
months, It is cheaper and better to prevent decay of the teeth than to curp
the results of neelect

instance of, or by any provincial of-
ficer, such fine shall be paid to the
Provincial ‘Treasurer, to be disposed
of as.such treasurer may direct from
time to. time.

Order No. 36.

In exercise of the power conferred
upon It by Orders of His Excellency,
the Governor-General In Council, dated
the fifteenth day of Navember, 1917,
P. C. 3214, and of all other powers
enabling it in that behalf, the Canada
Food Board hereby orders as follows:

1. On and after the, lat day of June,
1918, no, person shall deal wholesale
in flour, bran, shorts or other feeds
made from seeds or grains, or pro-
ducts of seeds or grains, hay gr
straw, without first having obtained
from the Canada Food Board a lle-
ense, to ‘be called “Flour and Feed
Wholesalers* License” and “Flour and
Feed Brokers’ License” respectively;
provided, however, that any pérson
engaged exclusively in the operation
of a flour mill under license from the
Cannda Food Board shal not be re-
quired to obtain a license under this
Order. :

Order No. 31.

In exercise of the powers conferred
upon KH by Orders of His Excellency,
the Governor-General in Council, dated
the”2th day of March, 1918, P. C. 596
and P. C, 697, and of all other powers
enabling it in that behalf, the Canada
Food Board hereby orders as follows:

1.-No person shall hold, or have In
his: possession, or under his control
at any one time, flour made wholly
or in part from wheat more than is
sufficient for his ordinary require-
ments for a period not exceeding fif-
teen days, except as hereinafter pro-
vided: ) "
(a) A person living at a greater dis-
tance than two miles. and lessthan five
miles fro ma dealer licensed by the
Canada Food Board, Joay have fn his

possession, or under his control, flour |
made wholly or in part’ from wheat,
not more than is sufficient-for his or-
dinary requirements for a period not
exceeding thirty dogs; a person living
at a greater distance than five miles,
and less than ten miles from a dealer
licensed by the Cananda Food Board,
may have in his possession, or under
his control, flour made wholly or in
part from wheat, not more than Is
sufficfent- for "his ordinary require.
ments for a period not exceeding sixty
days; and a person living at a dis-
tance of ten miles or more from such
dealer may have In his possession, or
under. his control, flour made wholly
or in part from wheat, not more than
sufficient for. his ordinary trade re-
ments for a. period not excéeding one
hundred: and twenty days.

(b) A wholesale dealer or a retail
dealer lisenced by the Canada Food
Board may have in his possession, or
uhder his contol, flour made wholly or
in part from wheat, not more than is
sufficient for his ordinary thade re-
puiréments for a period not exceeding
sixty days:

2, Section 1 of this order shall not
apply to manufacturers of flour, nor
to bakers and confectioners licensed
by; the Capada Food Board.”

8. (n) On and after the first day of
May, 1918, no person shall feed live
stock or poultry, nor permit any lve
stock or poultry to bé fed with-mill-
ing wheat, or any product thereof; ex-
cept bran and shorts; and no person
shall’ knowingly sell the same to be
used for guch prohibited purposes.
Provided, however, that where wheat
has been ‘Brown together with other!
and the whoat cannot be separated
for milling purposes without undue
cost
not contain more tahn 25 per centum
of wheat, may ba sold or purchased or
used” for the feeding of poultry.

(b) No person shall any milling
wheat or mixture of milling wheat
with other grains for the purpose of
making feed for live stick.

4. Any person holding or having in
his possession, or under his control,
flour; made wholly or in part from
wheat, in quantities greater than are
prescribed In thin’ Order, shall forth-
with. return such flour to the miller
lor dealer from whom It was purchas-
ed, and. such miller or dealer shall’
accept same If it be in good condition,
and pay for same at the purchase price’
or at the market price on April 20th,
1918, whichever be the jower; and if
the same _be not purchised, the facts
and circumstances ghall forthwith be

reported to the Canada Food B:
by the said miller op dealer. are

ee fe een

il | cATEGORY “A” MEN
ARE THOSE DESIRED

—

be Re-examined,. Says
MEWBURN.

- Jacques Bureau ask
of Militia In the Commons If -men|
not In Category “A” but called .
roport. under the amendment to.

, would be

Brrid ination.

Let the parents*]

But Those Otherwise Placed Shoutdl.

| the Minister

Sunday.
to Housecleaning,

around in your house—instal a few new pieces of Furni-
ture and brighten up the old furniture.

thing you require at prices that defy war conditions.

LINOLEUMS, all widths

“Brighten the corner where you are” sang Billy
It applies to every day life, more particularly

Make up your mind this Spring to change things

We have every

dan fd

Floor Oil Cloths
Carpets and Rugs

We have a
handsome line

of

medium priced

Baby
Carriages

Save your
wife a 1000
stepsa week

by
installing

This is a miracle step-saver in
" thousands of homes.

J

Makes old furniture look like
new. 25c. and 50c. a bottle.

J.

such mixture, provided it does | =—————=

New H

HARRY CADARET

Veri-Brite Furniture Polish.

iL 8

eadquarters

g

I have moved to the it
“ Deneau\Shop and Re- =
sidence; Apsley Street,
where I am prepared to
give better service,
than ever, to the trade.

0

©". Apsley Street, Amherstburg.

|| our 1918 showing is

complete in all Iines.
Iy cut out borders,
| lines we .
