  
 
  
    
   
  
  

ads, PN 0

$e

 

 

' Kineloen yours expe; oe. Hundreds of satis

  
  
  
   
  
  
   
 
    

" you and all stofk ds absolute!

       

      

   
     
   
 

Pl

 

——

Some tme ago while Lint. Clayton
Lamarsh, who is in Italy,’ was exam-
Ining an exploded gas shell, he re-
ceived a slight scratch which devel
oped Into blood poison, and he has
been fn fie hospital for the past
month or more. In a letter dated
March 2nd, and which was received
here on Wednesday; he stated to his
parents thi his battalion had been
ordered to France, but on account of
being in the hospital, he was unable
to return with his battalion.

A couple of years ago Miss Violet
Lamarsh had the misfortune to slip
on a step, And in the fall, injured
ber knee. J» 8 fow weeks the injured
knee appenr?d to have recovered and
nothing furi'er was thought of the
accident. ApMIL two weeks ago Miss
Lamarsh acvldentally hit the same
knee against a chair, causing a slight

ments that trifle v but
& bruise. This slight injury has grad.
Hid . S 3 ually become Worse, and when a doc-
| wr at IS ‘ A O IA tor was culisy 2 de advised the
8 -
Castoria 18 a harmless substitute for patient to remain in bed until the in

Drops and Soothing Syrups. It is leasant, [danger of tuberculosis starting in the
neither Opium, Morphine nor other si su o puisiss Joint.

- V3 — ®
James G, Smith, retired farmer, died
here Sunday morning. He is survived
by hip wife, two daughters, one sister '
and five brothers. . .

The Neal Baking Co. us purchased The Passing of Winter Leaves
128 acres of gpod land at Jack-
son's Corners, which will be worked P cople Weak and
by their employees on a co-operative Depressed
basis.

Duty collected In March: at the
port of Windsor totalled $841,160.38, As winter passes away it leaves
in approximate increase of $100,000 | nyapy people feeling weak, depressed
compared to the corresponding month and easlly tired. The body lacks
last year, : that ‘vital force and energy which

Word was recelved in Windsdr Mon- pure blood alone tan give,
day of the death of William Horton, | pr. Willams Pink Pills for Pale
76 years old, in Toronto. Mr. Horton People are an ‘all-year-round blood
formerly conducted a drug.business in

builder and nerve tonic, but they are
the border city. Burial will be made especially useful in the spring. Every
Tuesday. dose helps to make new, rich, red
Mr. and ‘Mrs. A. H. Hedrick, 195 blood.  Retarning strength com-
Dougall avenue, announce the mar- mences with their use and the vigor
riage' of their eldest daughter, Myra, | ang cheerfulness of good health
to Homer L. Scott, of Detroit, which quickly follows.
took place March 27th. Mr. and Mrs. | © There i8 just one cure for lack of
Scott will reside in Detroit. blood and that is more blood. Food
0il, Paregoric, Jury had fully recovered, as there was | Admitting Austrian citizenship, but

is the material from which blood fs
claiming to have served fn a Canadian

  
 
 
  
   
 
 
 
  
   
   

 

 
   
 
  
  
  
  
    

       
    
    
 
  
  
 
 
    

    
     
   
  
   
    
    
      
    
  
  
  
     

 

  

RUBBEROID ROOFING,
Place your order with us and save money

JOHN FRASER

Planing Mill and Lumber Yard
AMHERSTBURG, ONT.

    
  
   
     
     

    
  
  
    
    
     
   

0 Always Bought, aad which.
* in use for over over 30 year, ali Aras bur
end has been

made under hig per-
Eonal supervisi ?
4 LZ Allow avoys ion since is infancy,

 

  
 
 
  
   
   
  

    
   

   
    
 
   

    
  
  
    
   

 

      
     
   
  
  
   
   
 
 

 
   
 
  
   
  
   
 

    
  
   
  
 
 
 

 

 

 
 

made, but Dr. Willlams’ Pink Pills ’ ro e a : aT uberis
bstance, Its Sojalion, August Pasiauch. 34 years | double the value of the food we eat. 5 PD V our omp on
- = . RL rd a old, was fine 00, Including costs, They give strength, tone up the - ¥ .
| gels us guaraniss, For more than thirty years it has GOSFIELD NORTH. in Windsor police court Monday for | stomach nnd werk MESO
Wind Colic and >for the relief of Cons tipation, Flatulency, Coan, neglecting to register with the police.
oea; allaying Fey ,

keep the liver active and the
pimpl

  

the complexions of pimples, erup-
Charged with offenses against young | ions and boils, and drive out rheu-
girls who visited him at his cobbler’s matic poisons.
shop, Regis Asselin, 76 years old, was |- jo you are pale and sallow, if you
found guilty on two charges in police | ga) continuelly tred out, breathless
court here Saturday. Sentence was after slight exertion, it you have
deferred, for a week until other charg- headaches and backaches, of you are
es of a similar nature can be looked | {rritaple and nervous, if your joints
into. ache, if your appetite fails and food
Resigning after more; than five does not nourish nor sleep refresh
years’ service with the - Windsor you, Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills will
Board of Trade and Border Chamber

make you well and strong. To build
of Commerce, as secretary, Thomas C. up the blood Is the special purpose
Ray was presented with a purse of [of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and that
gold by members of the Chamber at 18 why they are. the best spring

the monthly banquet Thursday night.

  

m, and by regulating the Stomach arising A number Of young people tendered
the assimilation of Food; rd health and Bowels, aids Mre. Ed. Nash (nee Cleo Burling) a

y and natural sleep, miscellaneaus shower at the home of
The Children’s Panacea—The Mother’s Friend, Mrs. David Malott on Wednesday

¥ as : evening of Jast week.—Wm. Shrumm
1 moved last week to Windsor, being em-
GENUINE 4 RIA ALWAYS ployed on’ the electric rallway In that
% city. Asa Wilcox, of Olinda, is ex-

Bears the Signature of

pected to mnove into Mr. Shrumm's
house fn Cettam.—Mr. Hillman, who
purchased whe Walter Bennett farm
fn _the 10th con. moved to same last
week fronu his home near Wheatley,
As Mr. Bennett Is unable to got pos-

  
         
           
      
         
      
 
   
   
  

 
   
 
 

  
 
  
    
 

    
  

    
 

 

are safer, better and surer than. cosmetics’
eliminate poisonous matters from AE Seng!
en the of and purify the blood—bring the health-
glow to the cheeks, brighten the eyes, improve and

   
  
  
   
  

         
 
 
 

 
         

  
 
 
  

   
  
 

 

L
hig 5 medicine, If you feel the need of a Beau the Skin
@ ® e session gis SpriaE of 1he [arm he pp Mr. Ray, it is understood, will be she tonic at this season give Dr. Wil-
chased east o! ngsville, he is movi ng retary of the newly formed Border llams’ Pink Pills a fair trial and ou
Into the David Smith house In the 10th Cities Retail Merchants’ Association. | wi) rejoice In new health, new Frevared or bemms Beccham. St. Helems, Lancashire, England.
con., now owned by Wm, Smith.— | “Rav. H. M, Paulin, D.D., pastor First strength and new energy. .Do not let ; Aseria
Se or er ears Harry A. Young, son of Albert Young, ( Presbyterian church, Windsor, was

 

and Maudie Merle, daughter of George

Gull ; h of v y
The Kind You-Have Always Bought ulliver, Hoth of this township, drove

to Essex om Wednesday afternoon and

THE CENTAUR COMPANY, tew vomw Givy, were unitell in marriage at the Meth-

odist parsomage by Rev. J. W. Hibbert.

n . They were assisted by Earl Gulliver

vr i and Miss Ruby Young. The young

couple willl reside with the groom's
mm —— a parents, amd will have the best wishes
y of thelr friends for a happy future—
CANADIAN NEWS. The sale ait R. H Wigle's on Tuesday,

. was attendled by a large number of
Two more Hodles of victims of the people and good prices were obtained
Halifax disaster were found by work- for what was offered for sale. Mr.
men. willl m Arn 1D the
Wigle''willl move his )

Alberta has just had. a welcome Polat Welao eu fu the
Snow storm which will make seading Hedge will work the farm this season
conditions perfect later on. he

 
 

 
 
 

the trying weather of summer find

called to Arthur, Ont., on Friday, ow- you weak and ailing. Build yourself
ing to the death of his mother, Mrs, up now ‘with Dr. . Williams’ Pink
William Paulin who died suddenly Pills—the pills that strengthen,
there after Just returning from Toron: Ask for Dr. Williams’ Pink’ Pllis
to, where she attended the induction for Pale People and do not be per-
service of her son (Captain) Rev. J. sunded to take something else: If
B. Paulin, of Rosedale Presbyterian your dealer does not keep these Pills
church, they will be sent ‘by mail, post paid,

At the annual vestry meeting of All [ae 5p cents a box Vor six boxes for
Saints’ Bplscopal = church, Windsor, | $250 by writing The Dr. Willlams'
Monday evening the financial report Medicime Co., Brockville, Ont.
for the year showed total receipts $15, na a
667,28 with expenditures of $15,$51.51. 5
The Easter collections. were reported GOSFIELD SOUTH.
to be the largest fn the church's his: 7 3
tory, amounting to $1,117. The salary Ransom Malott, of the 1st conces-

 
   
   
    
 
  
   
  
     
     

      
  
   
   
  
 
  
   
  

    
 
   
   
     
     
     

CAN YOU BEAT IT?

Youll Find a Tr endons Advantage in
Buying From Us /

'FIRST—You see exactly what
you are getting.

+

  
    
  
   
  
    
   
    
    
 

      

  

THE LOVE OF OATS

‘Why Narmal, Active People Always
ve Oitmeal

Oats contain more bodybuilding food than
any other grain that grows. They contain

more energy-giving food. You know their
eflect on horses.

 

     
     
    
    
      
    
    
   
  
      
   
   
  
    
      
   
  
    

 

   
 

 

 

 

         

 

   
   
   
    
  
      

    
   

      
    
    
   
  
    
  
  
  
   
      
   
   
   
   
    
   
     
         
    
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
   

    
    
   
     
     
   
   
  
 
  
   
  
   
  
      
     
      
        
      
   
 
 
 
  
   
     
  
      
 
  
       
    
  
 
   
   
    
 
   
    
 
  
 
 
 
 
 

of the rector Rev. A. Carlisle, swas ip- | $100. Gosfield, has two young sows SECOND-—No delays, and we
f 5 rine AY Ee na Eh that stand to met him a tidy sum, deli ds right
Outs contain more organic phosphorus [ “C/O Berry, Merrickville, lost his [Wich Mr. Wigle is leaving. creased to $3,200 an ndvance of $400, 3 5 ; cliver your goods right to.
than any other.grain, and phosphorus is the 3 oe : felons North Ridge. while Rev. Richard Lee, assistant, was | L2St Week one gave birth to a litter
brain's ‘main constituent. They contain |1fe in a collision between two freight Mrs: W. J. Taylor. received ET |
more’ lecithin, and lecithin is the chief |traing’ near White River, Ont.

ziven a rating of $1,200 per annum, of 13 pigs and Monday night another
[is nL ay Son tin a registered | Ave birth to 19, At this rate there
letter that was given him to deliver, oy be a drop, In the price of pork
i usiucay; Ei youre oll, Min Relatives here have Just received
Windsor police court Friday on a word of the marriage in England of
charge of theft, which was preferred George Reid. of Leamington, to Miss
by Pofitmaster Alfred Wigle, acting on Gwenloy n_Botten, of Bromley, Kent,
instructions from the Postoffice: De- England. “The marriage took place in
partment. Magistrate Leggatt defer. London on February 16th, and while
red hearing of the case for a week, the bride and groom were returning
Bail was allowed on two bonds of $500 from that city’to Bromley, they passed
ench. Cousineau, Postmaster Wigle through a German air raid, escaping
sald, has resigned, Injury, Mr. Reid is the son of Mrs.

In the expectation of reading that Stephen Hammond, John street. ~ He
her husband, Pte. Cyrus McAllister, | WeDt Overseas in the early purt’of-the
had arrived safely in Canada on fur [War With a Mechanical “Transport

component of the entire nervous system.
That's whysvorkers love oatmeal. That's
why growing children cravs=it. Itissim ly
the call of pafure for what bodies, b ry
und nerves require, |
But some oatmeal fails to ‘meet these
requirements, Only the richest, piumpest
vats supply a food worth while. The chojc-
cst oats are silted 62 times to’ get the
grains for Pulies Oats. Only ten pounds
are secured from a bushel. But these fins |
wats when prepared 2 the Quaker proc-
cd, supply the utmost in oatmeal,
Oatmeal is the most important food ‘you
serve, And the best costs only one-half
cent per dish. Don't supply your table
with inferior cats. |
Madein Canada, > [FY

FISH NETS

4 SH . gram firom Owen Sound on Saturday,
Men, of Cate Bory B, in Class 1, un- saylng ler father, Mr. Jolly, who has
der the Military Service Act, are to be been ill, ji very low: Mr, and Mrs
gale pion non-combatant service Taylor left on Sunday for that place.—
Pas, Word has been received from B. C,

Dr. Alfred Thompson is resigning his Macdonald, who went oversens with
position as Médical Superintendent of the First @ontingent, that he has
the “Hospitals: for Returned Soldiers received tine Military Medal, and fs
and Invalids. 3 included in the New Year's Honor List
Robert Freeman, of Cobourg, an ele- to the King; and has attained the rank
valor man in the C.'P. R. bullding, was of Battery Sergt Major i
crushed to death in the shaft when the 1 . X

car started suddenly, COLCHESTER NORTH.
Three hundred and eighty-three per- *
George Cowles, a farmer living on

sons were killed and 1,693 injured dur-
Ing the year ending March 31st, 1917, [the 7th conoression of Colchester North,
Was mrvrested, charged with a serious

on Canadian railways. | Corps. Pi

“oA the greatest bull sale” ever held |offenmo againat his 14-yenc)d child, | '0uh, Mrs. Esther McAllister opened [OTP Ruthven.

on the American continent, which: clos- Floagiie. 1t is alleged that Cowles ig |& telegram Friday. only to read that Mrs. P. D, Bruner died recently at

ed at Calgary Friddy night, 788 ani- the father of his daughter's child, 1t | Pte: McAllister wan. dead from E88 |b) ansant View, Neb, after a linger-

mals brought more than $211,000: ifs sald he made a confession to the ; PPISONINg In an Engliah hospital., Mrs. lng, lliness from hears, trouble. and |.
rife orth branch of tho Thames |oficors. The mintmum penaity for oe, | McAlister, who live at sae Gorin: drophy In: her 63th, year, Deceased's

river at London, Ont, small boys || offence Is fifteen years. He has a wite [Strect. previously received unofficial mwalden name was Amelia Malott and

came upon the badly decomposed body (land five other children. fohorta pa her dang, Who nas she was born ir Ruthven on March | & a

While a Mrs, Dresser and daughter, | 2¢¢n at the front for some time, would 2nd, 1849. On August 6th, 1866, she SEE

of a woman judged to be between 18
or Olinda, were driving into Leaming: | 2 ranted a furlough for Easter. She was united in marriage to Pheleton D, } ) $2 :
( oncrete Products.

and 24 the impression he had
The body of George Ritz, of Winni- [ton Monday afternada of last Week, in ror tus press on hg had sall- Bruner, also of Ruthven. Ten children
Mm. buggy, they were approached by a > were born to this union. In 1895 the
>

your door'in perfect con-
dition.

   
   
    
      
   
  
    

THIRD—We guarantee to sell.
at prices as low or lower’

than you can get any place:
else in Canada? 3

          
      

 
  
 
 
  
  
  
   
   
   
  
   
    
  
  
  
   
      
   
  
  
 
     
    
  
  
  

     
   
    
   
    
    

    
   
 
     
       
      
  
   
  
       

ISN'T THAT A BIG BUYING ADVANTAGE ?
And it leaves your money at homgs where it will get aroud to you again

pay VISIT OUR STORE TO-DAY ARD YOU WILL BE CONVINCED “ua

. BERTRAND

MURRAY STREET, EAST Phone 20
Repairing’ and Upholsteriag promptly done...

fs

   

 

    
 

 

 
       
     

     
      

 
 

EA

 

 
 

   
   
  
 
  
  
   
  
 
 
    
    
  
    
    
   
   
   
   
   
     
    
    
  
  
 
   
     
    
   
  
     
    
    
   
      
    
    
  
  
    
     
     
   
   
    
   
   
   
    
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

D Vy

      
   
   
     
  
  
   
  
   
  
  

    
 
   

 

         

 

 
 
  
 
 
    
  
   

 

 

Qune, TRAPS, SPO y last while on a visit to his sister in
JOHN HALLAM. Litton New Hamburg, wos found: by her in
ar / the River Nith.

i HALLAM BLDG, TORONTO; Canada’s exports of munitions,

p— grains, meats, produce, fish, minerals | t:

L. BE RTRAND and lumber to the United Kingdom
FUNERAL DIRECTOR

PracTIOAL Embalmer, Murray Sts
Amherstburg. Day oe nl his >

   
 

J aha ismppeiigt Nove Gib Continued increase in, the t of

Youth who attempt ; 8 (the cost o y

4 the point of, oD oo old ther) wp bullding materials is baving a marked famlly moved to Nebraska. Her hus

dent: happened about 330 at a point [eect on building operations in Wind-

etwaen the High school and M. C. R. SOF the, value of permits Issued during
The youth, as he came'toward the quarter ending March 31st of this

buggy, commanded the occupants | ¥22F being approximately’ $6,000 less
all, show enormous Increases in the [to stojp, The daughter, who pti than’ for those tnkenout In March of

1917. Last month, 36 permits valued
past three years, bacame frightened and was about 44 4
Two Chatham Inds, 15 and 14, iy but hor mother grabbed the ory Go tea nln pi!
broke into thrée apartments, stealing “ind laying it on theshorse’ rash- | P FEE w " 3 ;: gta value of
cash; jewelry and other articles, a box | ed Way from the young highwayman. $106,115, applfed for dur ng the cor-
of cigars from a store, and a stop-|It transpired that the young highway- Fesponding month of last year. Per-
watch from a livery stable. Ian was young Davey, who was appre- | 35 Sakon ur during, the Aral trio ot
The embargo on high-class automo- |hendled at Kingsville Tuesday. Fo 375. ana Jear were valued: at
biles, shutting out the United States | A ‘quiet home wedding was solemn- $00 75, and those of the first quarter
wo i fly i into effect Monday. Eleven pod at Gio liome of Me and Mrs D. W. of } Lm Suse, tr Tactatein
in hundred cars werepasse. rough cus- Jullls, on'the Gosfle Olchester town- 4 .
CHAS. \LEGGETT [toms ai Winnipeg In the past tow aye: [line acy Sp oaleldCol Womesiey | couch may bum. seme pes oty | Roberta Cufry. ots Sa a is
i n Nine-yearold son of T. C. Allosin evening or last week, .when thelr see- a Y alke action to have the home of Mr. and'M Mivert le
ORADUATE OPTICIAN. was: drowped and the ator seriously ood daughter Lura A., Jogar spinal to 20 ea eh dren bp Mr. rg. Mive n- |
he ar on Mirra Mr os Mra 0h 2 Sweetman, son of Gavin, who indicated that such action] Al Perry, who moved last“ fall. to
i ai A at Hable ord, The i em, oe By | would be rom ated there are too (Pt. Almn. whero hehad been employed
streethridgo. 7 Rev. J Cho A performed by many “bliad alley” job-positions that |during the winter with the Bas. com-
ot Iah Nelson, 116 Jarvis street, | the Pn 8, BL rene of might be fairly remunerative for the | pany, has moved back to Essex, and
Toren and Samuel Green, 218% Don (tracting parties The bride, ‘who 100K. ns Deluge but that offer no chance of iy Szoupying bis UWL Teldence’ om
. : : ed . pr _ | further advancement. = For the season | Cameron avenue,
Sims foad. WareKilled in a Silk tri dress of pussy wil- lyst coed thers were 680 enrollments | Mrs. Sarah Dilse, aged 79; dled at
at Patterson's Corners. n Fyn mmed, vith pearls and ear In the induatrinl classes, with an aver. |her home in ‘St. Thomas on Saturday
road, when their motor. turned turtle FEE bouquet” of white carnations, ago attendance of 397. The growth of | Afternoon of last week. Docensed was
Saturday afternoon. youua on Mo Sony her father. The | fe MEINMOD day Industri} classes in [# former resident of 'Ewsex, ‘moving
‘The formation of, a Canandlan”Tank lowing C2UPle were unattended.” Fol- the past year has been remarkable from here to St. Thomas .18 yoars |’
Battalion is authorized, to consist of => 1% 8 wedding supper, -the young About five hundred men were turned | 880. Sho Is survived by four sons and
80 officers and 700 men; and it is hoped in Si Tehatred ta the groom's’ home back from Detroit at the dock here on. } Jaughter—Edyard, in, British Co-|;
to recruit It by volunteering and send [(% the 8 have. oot eld: North, (pt hye large squad ‘of Dominion {lumbla; Bara and. Howard, of St.
it overseas not Inter than the 1st of realitfgeioy ave, se tod down, to the | olice under the corimand. of Captain | Thomas; Palmer, of Essex, andyMrs.
Nh. try north of Sudbury |T160ds of the youns comple wil units | AR Minard, fox not having, Gieir gr. ae) Samu, otf, bing nit |
n the coup 0 Essex young people were u !
reports’ have been substantiated they [Ib offering congratulations and best | tICBL68 of exemption an, thew. The young peop

   
 
   
     

    
  

  

band _predeceased her several years
8go, and of the children, four sons and.
four daughters survive, in addition to
whom there are 28 grandchildren and
10 great grand grandchildren, Four
brothers also ‘survive; among whom
Lanson Malott resides at Ruthven,
and George and Sandford Malott at
Leamington. Deceased. was buried be-

side her husband in Pleasant View
cemetery. §

TOWN oF ESSEX.

James Emmerson and’ daughter,’

 

     
   
  
  
 
  
   
   
       
       
  
   
    
    

   

  
 
   
      
  
  
   
  
   
    
 
  
      
   
   
    
     
 
   
  
  
   
   
     
  
    
  
   
    
      
   

 

 

 

    

 

    
  

 

* Bid vith Conte Bok
Drain Your Land With. Concrete Tile -
THE LASTING MATERIAL.

We have on hand 75,000 tile, all sizes, from 4 to 12 inch.

y. We have installed an automatic power block making mr-
chine and therefore can handle any size order in the block line

We handle ROGERS’ HIGH ‘GRADE CEMENT. For
sale in any quantity.

    
   
   

 

 

  
   
    
     
     
 

    
     
    

 

     
    
  
  
     

     
  
  
     

 

     
   
   
    
    
  
   
 
   
     
      
  
   
 
  
 
    

    
   
     
     
  

Ged patiania who are ‘living testimoninis
Exclusive Optional Paslors, Main 89. Kingaville

Issuer of Marriage Licénses, |

           
   

    
  
 
   
   
       
    
    
    
  
  
  
 

     
  

C. P. R. Ticket Agent.

FRUIT TREES

AND

PLANTS
For Spring Planting.

We need no further (Introduction
than the fact that we have been “in
the Nursery Business SIXTY-ONE
YEARS, and are now prepared to moot

 

      
   
    
    
    
    
   
  
  
 
  
 
     
   
 

 

     

“We also have samples of Pressed Brick in ali colors.

Henry Robidoux
yar Cement Products Contractor i
Phone. 193 Ga a Amherstburg, Ont.

 

 

 

  
  
 
 
 
 
  

 
 
  

 

 
 
 
  
 
   
  

   
  
  
 
   
  
   
 

   
   
  
     

 
  
   
    
  
 

  
  
   
   
 

 

 

 

 
  
   
  

   
   
   
  
 
  
 

   
 
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
 
  

  

  
 
  
 

| us Th, properly - signed, wit-|ed in mirriage ot London, on St. Pat-
exintin ditlons by offering out [the’snow Is so deep and deer so plen-| Wishes, in which The Beho Jolne.® asusl pamport, Properly. ai ite ritk's Day, Sunday, March 17th, when: : ;
Migh Li oon and plants direct | tiful.that all that 1s: necessary is to a Ce | nt ’ | Miss Viola Klingbile became the bride 3
o rade tre io ROCK BOTTOM [stand In a vunway and knock them LEAMINGTON. ho ¢ ~ y ectives {Of Emerson McKinnon, who 15 fn train. RUTHVEN ed States Shipping Board:
PRICES. down with a club. They can easily be — ” In-platn clother, and the men. 0 hive [108 With the 56th Battery at London, exceeded its launching pro)
Send for our Illustrated circulars of |lasooed and fattened up, before killing. | The Tock Gity Toba lived here all ‘their ives ‘and hive] With which he’ enlisted a month ago: |
Ardy varjeties ‘which you can order] With his skull crushed in‘'above the |svproved of the plans of

  

_ Plowing of the largo flelds near the | March by 52,000 tons, but fell: Behl
Tako nor wna started on Monday. |{n {ts schedule of Pager 1x ag. a
2 4

 
       
 
 
  
  
    

   
  
  
   
 

been mérried for years were held up,|Gunner McKinnon expects to BD over-
: ‘| right eye, both faws broken, and other | fr their now ring | Mayor Tason hs Yoon jappealed to, [40h shortly. ‘Their Easox friends will
tin pt en Eek rT Sm oh nr i, SE ry RE SR Sidr 3 Sta ie vir
, Of; ¥ y i cannot. pos recoyer, Al » ¥- 8. Moss, to proceed with | with the ment

ur prices will be sure to ig dee DR gp lospital ut [tho work, - : ae a

at [congratulations.
Brantford. George Duncan. his haif-] ‘W. G. Taylor, of this town, has pur.

non oh ao hotter known sy of being the best In years.—fobacco
brother; is under arrest, and Duncan's {chased Arthur Brown's gill nat fNiskery
wife ana Mira. Gerard, a slater of | at Kingavillo and: took possession op

; v beds are now undergoing the steaming.
| SE Watt, etaney {Hora at process, and within a few days ali the |
Tsancs, are detained ss material wit-|the same Monday. In the deal Mp

      
    
    

    
 
 
  
  
  
 

Mon are. busy™ transplanting tomato [ OWing to_diMculty
plants into boxes. The plants: look [PID LH
very good, and show every Indication

    

class and true to name, :

THE CHASE. BROTHERS CO.
of Ontario, Ltd.

      

     
   
 
 
 

        
  
  
 
      
  
 
  

  
   
 
  
  
  

  

 

    
 
 
  

 
 
 
  

   

 

; ‘ 86ed will be sown. The fall wheat and

} | 0 the. sens service, and has boen nocepted clover Is reported to be in'good shape
Betabiny 1867. agg in the working conditions n Erle str Yor a Bous E wo: \ erthine Ful %he Oanadln Fngivoriag Corny at —The patriotic concert given by the i
COLEORNE, © ; ont. | A a eos. of the Tm erfal Ol a ————— ; : th vip. untary, and tn wo dong he resigns a | Dramatic Club at Kingsville was we'll}:
= ’ = he oppo from Halifax to| KINGSVILLE, sain 0 : Ach. re. fy lucrative position, which he of. | sttended, The proceeds, $40, were] |
— = Company In ta visnts from Hal rd yi Flag ficers in the A of thelr after years of painntaking work. | handed over to the Red Crons.—Sap ||

State of Ohio, City of Toledo, rig 650,000 por your | John McDonald, who has heen sick [fos by Cor of the Hugh R. Johnson returned [18 8tll running freely here, and many|

Lucas County, ~~. ss [lst an wil TRORD oa De J ter, or some tw, dt Alok HA a i from overseas at midnight Saturday, | 80llons, of syrup are being made each

FranicJ, Shen ef kes Gath hat is Figg ROW AITO on HE b uble, around’ once | military. oe. ‘much to the joy and Jay. 0 a
Haier Con dota Du lid [aos Tio nave, DISGriS Doe ocnen Vr aTounE. Sigel ; :

 

 
 

twelyeliours & day nov become eight: | Mre. John B. Grant has retarned | duel 10 show that Xo had |Vas |. Nothing 100ks better than a clean
|bourdsy. men and har Joid of growing corn. The corn: wij
bet er t

os

  
