ait 3

Ce A er Ar lA le

i

++ 3.00 p.m. —Literature in

. E> 240 a.m. —Opening gi Wy

10.46’ a.m.—Primary Reading, Mr. Mc-
_ Cutcheon.

TUESDAY and WEDNESDAY

oo
(0
\O

safeedssfeerdoiterderteifesbeidetforfeite fe ifosteetertefeotasfefurfeoisduoforforfesferfe

mr ————————————————

|

 

|
|
\

et ee et = i ————— S—. SA ——————

Q
x

Give loyal support to your Own Township Show, by
exhibiting and bringing the whole family.

Nothing spectacular, but an enjoyable program af
Races and Sports.

One of Essex County's Best Brass Bands.
Adult and Juvenile Prizes, ete.

Be at the Great Family Reumion on above dates

 

TOWN OF ESSEX.

JS. Coulter has moved Into Mrs

! A Chapman's residence, next to the
P. O. and Mr. May is moving into his

: n Alice street, vacated by

ena Crawford, who has |

at Swift Current, Sask, |

returned to her

1 home In town on Wednesday

to spend a’ week before entering on
her last year at Toromio University.
Mrs. LL R on left on Tuesday

for Nethe she

money saved
—Provided fa

“here will
inter.

ou have any lette

erseas containing matier in-

zo to lowa to”visit her sister
aders we will be

Mrs. D. Halliday, whose husband
died a few months ago, is preparing
to move from Wardsville to Essex,
with her daaghter. She win live in
Mr. SHaw’'s house on’ Talbot street,
pext to her son-inlaw’s, C. J. Nears.

«} .F. T. McG has traded his 100-
acre farm = Malden Road to Stan:
ley Hal 20-acre farm on the
Rear Road and $6,000 in cagh Mr

farmers of Ontario Mc also owns a farm pear Pelton,

—Recruits are wanted to which he purposes moving this
Mounted Police, Siberian t | winter

“ategory “A” and have had mount-| Miss Rath Laird left on Monday for
ed training. C. O. Fairbank, Major, | Toronto, where she will enter on a
for A. A. G. M. D. No. 1. course in Knox College for training

—One of the boys in the trenches, |as a Deaconess of the Presbyterian
who evidently has been greatly Lrou-| church for service in foreign mission-
bled by “cooties,” says he Knows now [ary fieid.. The course lasts two years,
why the pictures of Napoleon always |at the conclusion of which Migs Laird
show him with his Hand inside expects to engage in foreign mission-
shirt! ary work.

—An extra bid at your auction 8 The Junior Patriotié¢,League made
may mean $50 to $100 difference in the | $180) out of their booth at the fair last
price of ‘that team of horses that will | week! The pig was won by ticket No.
be knocked down at your sale, to say | 1d by George Loucks; the chick:
nothing of the host of other items of len by No. 53, held by M. Fitch the
lesser value that will benefit: Keep | hatter by No. 18, held by John Wal
that in mind. Don't leita tew dollars |jgce, Woodslee, and the Viking cream
stand in your light when you come 10 | gaparator hy No’ 43, held by Guy
advertise a “Bfg transaction like a|Brush, North Malden.
farm sale. Give it the widest pos- Miss Ruby Atkinson, of Gesto, who
sible publizity, for it will pay you in| is employed in Windsor, has passed
gobd hard cash A merchant will | her examination at Windsor for ser-
spend four times as much to the otal (on ingthe Women’s National Service

the girls
thelr sweet |
are over a

his

3 h
a, i

a sale that will not equal the ‘totalyleague for overséas service in clerical
Let us print your | work, and will

Windsor,

train this winter in
The headquarters of this
branch of thé service is in Winnipeg.

The firebrigade was called out on
Wednesday afternoon of last week to
a fire in a small frame building near
Hill Bros. brickyard, owned by Mi-

receipts of yours

bills.

—It fs a wonder that somebody
hdsn't yet snggested that we discard
the Fahrenheit thermometer because
it is the invention of a German. In
thif connection the Buffalo Courier
points out some strange anomalies. |vart Robinson. and occupiéd by Mr
In all English-speaking countries the'!and Mrs. Jos. Randall. © Mr. Randall
Fahrenheit. thermometer (German) |was at work at the brickyard, and
ns in universal use; In Germany they | Mrs." Randall was uptown when the
use the Reamur (the French Instru-|fire started. It was noticed by. the
ment); in France they use the Cel-|railway trainmen who hurried over
sus (Swedish), and in Russia they uze |and breaking open the door succeeded
the Leslie (English). in removing all the goods from the

—Posed ‘as Wealthy Man's Wife.— | house except a bed. When Mrs. Ran-

Police in Windsor and in Detroit are | dall came up town she left a, good
working on what they believe to we in the kitchen stove, and this was
one of the most clever attempts at|the cause of the fire. No Insurance
blackmail heard of in some Hm pe on building or contents.

rincipal) in the case ' being ear, X
Eehran. aged 20, of Windsor. Accord-| Sy Delaciafte Jiandie: i
ing to Inspector Hackney, of the Chil- Tone like! » ol hat B 2 e =) > e
dren's Ald Society; the Schram “girl: > y to steal hand baggage that

has no ‘handle upon it, an inventor

representing herself as “Mrs! Harris,” 4 pon ! ;
wife of a wealthy aviation officer in {at patented a detachable handle for

the American Army, obtained posses- rs

slon of a baby from the Windsor In- Tack Window Shades.
stitution, saying she intended to adopt When the window shade falls off
it for her own. It now develops that|the rod take a shoe string, or any
“Mrs. Harris” was taken into custody | kind sof strong tape and put the tack
in Detroit by Immigration authorities jthrough it. No matter if the children
there and confined in ‘the detention |pull on it or the spring breaks, ft
home as an undesirable. She escaped | will not tear off again.

from the institution a few days ago =i

and left behind her papers indicating London youths on Sunday suspend-
how she had obtained possession of |ed a smaller lad ten feet In the air
the infant. The theory is that the on the hook of a bridge crane over
girl’ intended to ‘use the child as a [the G.T.R. tracks, and passersby had
method of collecting blackmail from [to go to the rescue.

her lover, who [# believed to be the | =————

“Mr. Harris" referred to by her. So

far mo trace of “Mrs. Harris” or Miss

Schram had been obtained. The child

was returned to the hom:.

a

TEACHERS INSTITUTE.

The Teachers’ Institute for Inspec-
torate No. 2, Essex, will be held in
the Town Hall, Essex, on Thuraday
and Friday, October 10th and 11th,

PROGRAM:
Thursday, October 10th
10.00 a,m,—Opening exercises.

3 4.35 Swe ~Auditor’s report.

10.20 a.m.—Appointment of

: tees. \

11.00 am.—Report of Delegate to O.
E. A.

2.00 p.m.—Teaching of Music in Pub-

lic Schools, with [llustrations;

Y 3 McKenzie.
Ms Public

Schools, J. M. McCutcheon,
2 M.A., London Normal School.
4.00. p.m.—Address, S. J. Courtice, 3.

A. Prin. H. 8, Leamington.

Friday, October 11th. ;

commit-

* You who always dread wash
day—because of the bours of
weary, wash-board rubbing, the
damp steamy air, with perhaps
your skirt and shoes splashed
snd soaked—juet farget all that.
Come into the case and com-
fort of a Sunlight Wash Day.

e Sunlight Soap will do the wash—
| you can go ost calling or shop~
ping. directions.

- a.m.—Reports of va
7 : . an A Essex :

fon on revision of
The Minis

Hellam, Pa—*1 took Lydia E Pinkham's Veg-

etable Compound for female troubles and a dis-

1 felt all ran down and was very weak.

1 had been treated by a physician without results,
#0 decided to give Lydia E. Pinkham’s Vegetable Compound
a trial, and felt better right away. I am keeping bouss
since last April and doing all my housework, where before
1 was unable to do any work. Lydia E. Pinkham’s Vege-
table Compound is certainly the best medicine 8 woman ean
take when in thiscondition. I give you permission to publish
this letter.” —Mrs. E. BR. CruxLiNg, BR. No. 1, Hellam, Pa.

Lowell, Mich.—*] suffered from cramps and dragging
down pains, was irregular and had females weakness and
displacement. I began to take Lydia EB. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound which gave me relief at once and restored
my health. Ishould like to recommend Lydia BE. Pinkham's
remedies to all suffering women who are troubled in a simi.

lar way.”—Mrs. ELisz Hen, R. No. 6, Box 63, Lowell, Mich,
Why Not Try

LYDIA E. PINKHAMS }

VEGETABLE

 

WESTERN CANADA WiLL

EXPORT 80,000,000 BUSHELS |
OF THIS YEAR'S WHEAT |

Secretary Robert Magill, of the
Winnipeg Grain Exchange, announces |
that Western Canada would export}
£0,000,000 bushels of wheat to the Al
lies of this year's crop

re two or three women are
gathered together some woman who |
is not present is getting a good pan- |
ning. |

Some ‘men keep Eo busy acquiring |
kmpwledge that they never have amy
time to make’ any use of It. |

When the man who Invented the
slide trombine grew old and crippled |
and could not get away, retribution
hounded him In the form of a neigh-
bor who practiced on one of the
blamed things every night. An evil
deed istalwaysrepald with an evil
leel.

A Woman's Tears will gallop home
¢ winner in a matrimonial argument
and a Man's Logic is usually left flat-
footed at the post.

Funny how many men there are who
always say ;the, wrong thing at the
wrong time,

Poker will always be popular be-
chise one winning ‘session makes a
man forget about the nime times he
lost.

Father's idea of a labor-saving de-
vice would be to et the screens stay
in the windows all winter. But Mother
can't see [i/that way.

 

= — re
FRENCH WAR DOGS.

Not every one realizes the import-
ant place which dogs are'taking in this
war: Of course, the Germans began
training dogs for war uses many years
ago, but the French did nothing in

that line for two years after war had |

begun. They now have 18,000 dogs
trained or in training. These are
cared’ for by the Blue Cross, which,
at the request of the French Govern-
ment, has attached a dog hospital to
all «thé Blue Cross base Hospitals in
France where war horses are treateds
All dogs named by the French army
are received at these bases, disinfect.
e¢d and quarantined. They are them
assigned for duty or training.

Terriers are used to free the-trench-
es_of rats, and the larger dogs are
used for patrol work, to police pris-
oners, as first aid to ambulances to
carry appliances and. water, to seek
out wounded men in shell holes and
out-of-the-way places. It Is said that
Samoyede dogs have actually saved
the guns to which they were harness-
éd; they carry shells; and even draw
slelghs and light transport. Perhaps
most {important of all are the messen-
ger dogs, which can travel where men
cannot go, and-exceed any other mes-
senger except the pigeon in speed.
The travel through the barrage, mak-
ing 23 or 24 miles an hour, and are
literally, “faithful until death,” striv-
ing even when wounded to perform
their allotted task. No one would
question for an instant the fine appre-
clation which has caused the French
Government to “mention” its dogs in
despatches.

So far, over 1,000 Freach dogs have
been treated at the hospitals. All
operations on dogs and horses are
performed under anaesthetics by.
trained veterinarians, The town of
Mossley lately ‘presented to Lady
Siifti-Dorrien, president of the Blue
Cross fund, a cheque for £1,050, which
fs the first instalment of its subscrip-
tion towards this fine work. Mossley
is a town of only 8,000 inhabitants.

TT

’ GIRL AMBULANCE DRIVERS.

There are about- 200 girl ambulance
drivers in the Red Cross service in
Prince. The only other women am-
bulance drivers in France belong to
the - First Ald Nursing Yeomanry
Corps.~ There is a friendly rivalry
among the Red Cross girls in the mat-
ter of keeping their “bus” spick and
span. Whenever a trainload of wound:
ed arrives the Red Cross girls must
be on hand, and this means constant
duty, day and night. Exceptionally
good driving is a cheracteristic of
each girl, and before undertaking this
dangerous and arduous work a
required to pass a severe
onshire House. Among er
she must know how to attain
without jolting the wounded, as a
of rough driving might prove

sha
HE

i

| is started early.

COMPOUND

HOW

BY JOHN W. 8. McCULLOUGH, M.D., D.P.H., CHIEF OFFICER
OF THE PROVINCIAL BOARD OF HEALTH.

TO KEEP WELL

BLINDNESS OF BABIES.

NE-HALF of all the blindness is preventable. One-tenth af all the
preventable blindness is due to bables’ sore eyes, which is “an
fnflammatory disease of the conjunctiva usually appearing with
the first few days of life and generally due to micro-organisms.”

Let us state it again in simpler language. Within two days after the
birth of the baby some matter is noticed-in the corner of the eyes. Within
an hour or two ft will be noticed that the eyes are red, and yellow pus is
oozing from between the lids. ‘A little later the éyelids are noticed to be
puffed. If a little of this pus be placed under the microscope it will be seen
that the suppuration is due to pus germs.

Bables' Bore eyes is preventable, is contagious, is curable if treatment
If treatment is delayed a single day it may be found that
the sight is gone, since the disease runs a very rapid and violent course.

Some mothers think that babies’ sore eyes are due to the light or to
cold. Some even think that it fs due to the conjure put on the baby by
some evil person. The first group of mothers laugh at the ignorance and
superstition of the second group, but without justice, since their opinion
is not nearer the truth than that of those at whom they laugh. ;

Balies’ Bore eyes are an infection and are due to“pus cocci gefting Into
the eye daring birth, at the time.of birth, or soon after. Thirty-six years
ago an hocpital surgeon, by name Crede, noted that one-ninth of the babies
born in his hospital developed bables’ sore eyes. He commenced the policy
of dropping 4 two per cent. solution of nitrate of silver Into the eyes of
each baby as soon as it had had its bath. In six years the babies’ sore eyes
rate in his hospital dropped from one in nine to ape in four hundred.

The result of this experience was 8 ney’ policy In caring for the eyea
of a newly-born babe. Immediately after birth the baby Is given his bath
ard his eyes are treated. Each eye is wiped with a piece of absorbent
cotton dipped in a saturated solution of boric acid (boiled water will do as
well as beric acid sollition). A separate pledget.of cotton is used for each
eye. The cotion is not put back Into the solution after touching the eye.
Next the cyelids are gently separated with the fingers and one drop or two
drops of one per cent. solution of nitrate of silver is dropped Into each eye.
This is done only once. IL is dome not to cure sore eyes Lut to prevent eyes
ftom becoming core, -

* It the «yes begin to suppurate the doctor must be sent for without
delay. The sight cannot be saved unless treatment is bogud at once.

THE CAUSE OF DEAFNESS.

Consansuincous marriages, heredity, infections, fevers, middle ear
diseases resilting from colds, sore throats, infections of nose sinuses, and
bad tonsils, tuberculosls, and syphilis, accidents and injuries, working at
noisy trades, snd taking quinine or salicylates in large dosee are the causes
of deafpess.

\Cherd both parents cro congapilally deaf {ho percenings ofychildren
congenitally deal wili be large. ‘Wheregue p aL 3 congenitally deaf sath
percestage will be small. Where there is a family tendency. toward

deafness the percentage of Re of hearing” in the progeny will
dar . -

Among.in‘ections diseases scarlet fever ranks first as a cause of deaf-
negs, The ros! frequent cause of deafness [3 neglected earaches; abcessss In
erry chro colds, and chronic sore throats, .

Deaf 1nd persons on the road to deafness should be tzught'Bow to
lp read.

? A boy is to be educated through his playthings. The mother gots
a #aries of diffzrent-calored balls. Directing the boy's attention to her lips
ze seys, ¢ me the blue bail.” “No, that is the red one,”

Makin se of different-colored objects he can be taught the lip move-
meats fo) the colors.and objects: He will acquire a considerable vocabulary

cipally the mames of objects, In a short time, if {he mother
will talk to him persistently, directing attention to the objects talked about.

NEsL each him a vocabulary of verbs by throwing, bringing, carrying,

ng, eating, playing, while descriptive words are spoken and the child's
z:¢ walchipg the mother's lips.

Taken into, the-out-of-door’s world he can be taught colors from
fowa, 2 and grass; shapes and sizes, adjectives, vorbs, and adverbs from
vbjeoin reen.

A deaf child must be constantly entertained, or, better, must have a
mind cons tly occupied. “The deaf look comes on a child's face as the
chai on of a soul denied expression.”

- Repair Prices.

Beginning Saturday, Sept. 28th.

Full Sole for Men, sewed. .".....
Full Sole for Men, nailed cae
Halt Sole for Men, sewed... -----
Half Sole for Men, EERE rv 30
Men's Rubber Heels. ........... .. 80¢, 40¢,
Men's Leather® Heels. ..... of
Half Sole for Boys. .........:.

Boys’ Leather

Boys’ Rubber Heels. .............c..cooaouen

EE EER ER

LRN
...25¢, 306,

cess sareran

fhe as esas aca asinine nanan

snant 10 the provision

i
i

Bi

Wm. Cox's danghter, Miss May Cox,
underwent an operation on Friday
last at Detroit for appendicitis and fs
along nicely. x

John Amer and wife, of the Cl
Shore West, left last week for a Visit
with friends north of Edmonton. They
will be away some weeks.

Russell Otton, who was secretary of
the Erie Tobacco Co. here for some

. | time, bas been appointed © of

Gas Company has ordered an investl-
gation. a sas blast occurred in a
Chinese lagndry, slarting a fire near
the gas meter. Soon after the fire
department had extinguished the
flames, which vaused only minor dam-
age, they were called io the general
store of Williaia Dubonisky, where
a similar explosion shattered the base-
ment windows, Sx other blasts in
lexs than two hour® followed in rapid
succession. the fire department being
split into sections t@ make the runs.
After a preliminary investigation by
Chief of Police A. Maisonville and
other officials of «he (own, the gas
company turned ©ff the supply, leav-
ing hundreds of iemes without heat or
light. Authorities of the municipality
and officials of the gas company could
advance no theory for the cause of
the explosions. They confessed them-
selves .compieiely mystified, and de-
clared it would be dangerous to turn
on the gas until! a thorough investi
gation has been made.

—Dealers in live hogs have been
notified that heavy bacon in no longer
required in the British market. There-
fore they will be unable to pay top
prices for hogs weighing over 200
pounds.—Forest Free Press.

Packet of
WILSON'S

FLY PADS

LL MORE FLIES THAN / &
n I

Clean to handle. Sold by all Drug-
gists, Grocers 2nd General Stores,

QT DRAIN RV "AW-

the Geo. BE. Tuckett & Sons.
factory at London, Ont.

Rev. Hamilton Wigle, Prineipafiiot
Mount Allison Ladies’ College at Sack-
ville, N. B., has ben bereaved of his
only son Garnet, who died quite sud-
denly a few days ago. He enlisted
early in the war, but on examination
was found to be affected with diabetes,
He had since been in Toronto in busi-
ness, endeavoring at the same time to
fight off the malady. He did not im-
prove and on- September 7th started
for his home in Sackville, but was
taken suddenly worse en route and
had to be removed from the train at
Campbeliton, 200 miles from his home
and died shortly after before the: ar-
rival of his father, who had been com-
municated with. The young man was
twenty-two years Of age.

———

TWELVE SAFETY RULES GIVEN,
TO AVOID INFLUENZA SCOURGE

1. To avoid needless crowding—in.
influenza is a crowd disease.

2. Smother your coughs and sneez-
es—others. do not’ want the germs
which you would throw away.

3. Your nose, not your mouth, was
made to breathe through—get the
habit.

4. Remember the three Cs—a
¢lean mouth, a clean skin and clean
clothes. 4

5, Try to keep cool when youn
walk and warm when you ride and
sleep.

6. Open the windows—always at
home at night; at the oflice when
practicable.

7. Food will /win the war it you
give “it a chance—help by choosing
and chewing your food well.

8. Your fate may be in your own
patis swash your hands before eat-

g.

9. Don’t lét the waste products of
digestion accumulate—drink a glass
or two of water on getting up.

10. Don’t use a napkin, towel,
spoon, fork, glass or cup which has
been used by another person and

not washed.

11. Avoid tight clothes, tight
shoes, tight gloves—seek to make
nature your ally, not your prisoner.

12. When the air is pure, breathe

all of it you can—breathe deeply.

By-Law No.

A By-Law to

vide for drainage werk in
County fo

Essex, and for borrowing on the credit

of Colchester South, in the

the Fownshi,
of the Municipality the sum of

Nine Mundred and Ninety-four Dollars for completing the same.
FProvisionally adopted the 24th day of August, A. D. 1918.

Whereas Fred. White and Edward Ridsdale, two rat

have notified the Council of the Township of
out of repair,

ayers In the Quick Dran,

Colchester South that the Quick Drain was

And whereas, thereupon the said Council has procured an examination to be made

by J. J. Newman, bel

procured plans, specifications and estimates
sald J. J. Newman, and an assessment to be

benefitted by such drainage work, and of other lands

thereto, STAling 8s nearly as he can the

injuring liability whieh, in hi
such draipage work by an

proportion of benent,
be

UE 3 persan competent for such purpose, -
wosed To be drained, and the Means suggested for ihe dr er aa pie

ands and roads lable 10 assessment under the Municl

drainage thereof, and of glher
al Drainage Act, and hag also
age work 10 be made by the
him of the lands and rosds to be
and roads Hable for contribution

outlet lability and
derived or incurred m ODIO ence of

of the d
made br

upon (be roads and ols, or parts of Jots, bereinafter in that behalf specially set forth

and described: and he report of the sak

said drainage Work being as follows: 2.

J. Newman in respect thereof, and of the
Windsor, Ont., August 1st, 1018.

To the Reeve and Mumicipal Couneil of the Township of Colchester Southi—

Gentlemen, In eompltance with your

. instructions,
survey, cic., of the Quick Drain in your Township and no

1 bave made an examination,
'W report thereon as follows:

I’ commenced my stryey of the said drain at (ts outlet in the Richmond Drain an

ihe. south of the ind Coheession Road. Thence | followed

the course of the said drain

upsgream 10 its bead ob yhe lined between lots 2 and 3 In th
find that this drag v a
4 fhuic 4 5 drajyy was last Improved under a report made by myself dated May

Since thay time It has

ome considerably filled up” with rubbish, silt,

€ic., and in IIs preseny condition Is not deep enol
perfy retain and carvy off the water ea ir Ah OF of sufficient capacity to pro-

In_order 10 Overcome this difficul

and thus afford p

r drainage to the lands

and roads affected. | would recomunend that this drain be cleaned out, deepened dnd

troproved in accordaiee with the accompanying profile and s

1 also find thst
following amounts A ol tha oh yo
deepening the farm Cyfvert:

Jacob Eede, OWher of pt Lot 6 fn the Gore

Tuomas Little, Swner of ps Lot 6 in the

David Qui€k, 0%ner of pt Lot 6 in the Gore... 3 o
1, wos i jis Gore =
. ¥ Gare
I have provided for thesd in my estimaes vie
3 and 5 of Jdetion 2 of the Municipal Diam AL. 3 Provided for
whole of the above work together den
Or this amount I have a38535e0 the. rE Ly -~

ester Sanh fon R 5 a uta with the sum of 3919.00, and the Town-

Sam. Baylis, oWier or

Fred. White, 0Winer or \y

My estimate of Le

Cipensas 3 the sum Yh .
en: or use

Deen ed by the said drain

ibe schedule of assessment hereto attached.

specifications.

E Owners Is entitled 10 and should rece!
damages to lands and crops (if any) po Te

Damage.’
’ Qo a0
0 00
0 00
0 60
30 00 10 00
under Sub-Sections

Gore. .

in of $75.00, as 1s more fully sel forth.in

1 would further fncommend that this drainage wo

ihe expense of the lax
portion herein contain

11s and roads herein assessed for oe a and main 3

improvement and in the pro-

vd until otherwise determ nee;
the provisions of the Municipal Drainage Act. Inet by tie report of an engineer under

tspectiunlly submitted.

And whereas the
i5 desirable.

Therefore the Miinicipal Council of the

151. The sald
ihe drainage work as
accordance therewith.

ind. The Reeve
credit of the Corpora
Nine Hundred Ni}

rt, plans
erein in

4 of the Col

of the Municipal Drainage Act,

specification and estimates
cated and set forth shall be ar aay, Ach

of the sald Township of Colchester South m

J. J. NEWMAN
ix.

Said Council are of opinion that the drainage of ihe area described

said Township of Colchester Sou
nacts as follows: RY, puns

ructed
may borrow on the

fon of the sald Municipality of Colchester Sou ~ sum
issue Debentures tly four Dollars, being the funds oe i

necessary for ths work, and

may
Fifty Dollars each, alt Payable w Portion 10 that amount in sums of not less than

with Interest at the Fate of 6 per cent.

years from the date of tne said Debenture

payments. such Debentures 1o'be payable at IMDErial Bank. Hass, dy Cduia 8

132]
ied Uy them pares Lor the payment of interest.

end roads for benefit, a, sum or $273.00;

and roads for outlet Tian if] te
lands and roads for injury

trolled by the Municipality. Hability,

, and for co

parts of Jois and roads, and
arainst each lot or pant of Jo
ore such part shall

ty, snd the sum of

W, and io bave at-

Ca Wie amount charged aginst the said” lands

the amount charged

respectively shall

years aiter_the final passing of 'S¥ied and collect

to run.

Yo.

$
[93

H
:

wil

Th
go
1

A!

TERE
i

f

i

BY tai vs + oy Ek 4 a ea Be

»

5.01
35.00 128.0
70.00 126.0]
30.00 105.0

Valuo of
Outlot

estfor § years
at six 4 cont

Liability

|| To cover Inter]

|
|
I

Pare
3
1

 
