: J ‘
2 New ones, you bet! ‘Soft and Stiff Shapes. Correct in style & finish Hats for women, young women, and for older women who domund a cortaln digiity to be observed In fashioning their Militnery. All
. : are included in our new assortment.
The Price, $3.50 - I is mA UTI Wn iT ei, i = = . val
- . For N Dress Hats are larger than before. Velvet {a the material of chlef import- BH
A ew Classic SOFT HATS ance, and Taupe, Brown, Burgundy, Navy and Black the colors In highest

: favor. Soft and folding effects prevail in crowns, Chenilly Embrofdery 1s J

ronerously employed, Ostrich Bandings and Ornaments are exceptionally ,

$1.00 on every pair. on ke with the former's, mother, |thrown violently out on the track. fter a lingering illness Thursday of last

. . = 7 : ; «_IMrs. T. Shay, and other relatives. The horse made off, pmashed the bAg- | week, aged 34 years. The funeral took

Partridge Auto Tires. Mitts and Gloves. Binder Twine | sr. 5. McQueen Jud two Sous, EY up some, but wis cauft betora place on Sunday afternoon to tho B. ‘We have tho material and give salistuction. The ald saying
of Pembina, Ni.D and Dr. C5 £000 ; - Olarence McLean and | M. E. church, Harrow, where services applied to this, “The proot of the pudding is in the eating.”

—_—

Farmers Attention.

3
’ 3 | Biblé classes at 10 a.m.; 11 a.m. and 7 It meant in the Cas of the merchant, |hejght. They are busy now toppin
pm. public worship. Evening sub- that he hadi to open hls store an hour nn Se tiig Sy the ope .
joet- “Come and See”: The. public earlier in the Niorning, and stand | Jr additional evidence be needed to —

Leather Is High!

But this has been the busiest harness summer yet.
[ have a ‘large stock of leather and can give good harness now for Fatt Or ouse. Mrs. John

Have about 50 pairs of old stock SHOES that will save You | oar Hilo, motored over and spent

C. W. WEBSTER

MEN'S HATS
It's time for New Hats and if ever there was a

good place to get a good Hat, it's ri "
fd pes 10 ase a good Pat: v's righ here THE

Genuine English Hats

2in 1---RAINCOATS---2in 1

These two purpose coats comtfiethe service of the Rainoat with

the appearance of a Fall Overcoat, Matetials—Paranetta and
Dark Grey English Tweeds. PRICES $7.50 to $20.00.

R. BOYCE & GO.

J GS mmm ini tn 4 ( WRITIN(
t Harrow. il. WRITING PAPER
I me 0 AND

Roof with
Paroid | risus atm  pvELOPES
OUR TRUMP CARD

: x Mrs. Charles Cruthers, of Torouto,
THE SENTINEL STORE

Fred. Baltger, of Ford, is spending
his holidays at his home here.

Baptist anniversary services will be
held the second Sunday in November.

Miss Hazel Richardson, of the Bridge
Works, spent over Labor Day at her
home here.

HAT fooks like a sav-

ing in‘first cost, may

in a few years prove abigex-
pense, Paroid Roofing is socare-

j Lg
SAT “fully made of tested materials, you
ROIl' avoid the repair bills that add heavily

fs a guest at J. H. Madill's.
ADAMS BLOCK = HARROW.

Mrs. Harris, sr, {8 now in a very
critical condition, growing weaker
daily. ‘Being In her 91st year, there {a |

‘ £ Miss Berth) Richardson spent over hy I ate aa ih 2
: 3 Labor Day at her mother's, Mrs. Annld | nO hing to excep or the end | torment. The little one was only b hid p
I to the cost of a cheap roof. The first Taro Te to come. Her daughter, Mrs. D. Benton, Ley old. y Nivals Sil Soap.
Roofslaid 18 yearsagoarestillin good con ition, QO. W. Webster and A. Michael are | gives devoted ald to the aged lady to Quite a family reunion occurred at Nrals Face Cream Soap.
, among the Harrow budiness men {n | make her last hours as comfortable as [the home of Thomas Hood the past Nyal's Tar Soap.
& ) Rondeau, ‘this week. ; i role, th coRstion: With th week. The members of the family
: John. Wilson 18 = harvesting his 1e 8 8 vith the | who arrived to visit their father were
onions, which im spite of the dry Aeaicalion ot Jha EF fogy in | pr. Charles Hood, wife and two chil- E. F. DARBY. HARROW. - .
weather, are a fine crop. . St. Androws English’ church on Sun:|dren, of Souris, North Dakota; Mrs. I DRUGGI - \
N The offéring taken in the Presby- [day were conducted by the rector, Rev, | (Dr.) James McQueen, of Pembina, v 6G ST - OPTICIAN STATIONERY
~ . ) teriiin church for the Merchant Sailors’ [J. W. Connor, and were very fmpress-| N. D,, and Wm. Hood, of the C.'N. R., NOTARY PUBLIC <a
‘ROOFING Fund amounted to $18.66. ive. The infant daughter ot Mr. and | Sudbury, Ont, fs — - ——.
. coc Calvin Meston is building a il] Mea Niles Halstead received the rité | Walter Pastorius, of Windsor, who - 5
can be laid by yourself and your farm help so that in Kitchen addition with cement block of baptism. : was remanded when he appeared be- Qocforforfosfortesfosfortoctenfortecfoctecteetertertocfoctoefocfocterferfoctosforfect 0
the wildest _ the heaviest rain or snow storm, or foundation to his house. The Quality Canners Is having a big [fore Magistrate Mlers a week ago on : 3 J
while fire is raging, you need know no anxiety for Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Madill and fam-J run o ayroct rd Ay sullelony BAD a charge of breaking A. Guenot'a jaw, J If yourwant a maximum of QUALITY, QUNATITY
a not avaliabl ans that the |was further remanded until next Mon-
and to purchase from the BEST ASSORTED STOCK

{ly arrived home on Friday from a
delightful motor trip east. present force ‘must work early Ber

Mr, and Mrs. Harry Ridsdale and late to get the work out. Corn Is be-
little son, of ‘Windsor, have returned ing shipped in from outside points in|
after visiting friends here. : carload lots besides locally.” In ad-|
Dr. Reginald Smith was home trom [dition plums are now being received |
® | Toronto for a visit: He is on the Staff and the factory will put up a big pack
‘| of the Returned Soldiers’ hospital, of that community. -
Roy Buchanan takes the cake for Mrs. Alex. Wigle, of Leamington;
water melons this year, having some Mrs. Del, Bertrand, of Kingsville, and |
wolghing over 26 pounds and 2 feet [Mrs. Kiog, of Toronto, are visiting at
long. Carl Mitchell's. Mrs. Wigle, though
Miss -Midred Ulch has returnéd in her 86th year, fs remarkably smart.
home after spending a few: days-with Last «year she fell downstairs while
her brother, Dr.” Harry ller, of De viiiting in Detrojt amd broke both her
troit. arms, but“she rédavered nicely and Is
Miss Edgecombe spent a few days able to knit socks Sor. the soldiers as
with Miss Nelllp Ferriss before’going skillfully as a -young girl.
to Wheatley fo teach in'the Public On Tuesday. afternoon Mrs John
school. Readman was the victim of a run-
Ladies, order” your Collene Corsets |AWay, sustaining more or less pain:
now for Fall. . Orders taken by phone, ful injuries. She wma returning home
from attending a meeting of the Bap-
tist Union, when heir horse was fright-
ened by the P. M. train. It turned
sharply, upsét the buggy and she was

your Paroid Roofs. Paroid is the roofing that will
saye you money, Made in Red, Grey and Green.

at.reasonable prices. Readman, ”
Mr. and Mrs. Fred. Shay, of Johns.

wifd, son and daughter, of Souris, N. | her {ather, Cornelilus Ford, were also

D., are visiting their father, Thomas
Hood.

Mrs. George A. Gauthier and daugh-
ter, Mra. Brown, and little son Gilbert,
of Detroit, were visiting Mrs. Gauth-
{ers cousin, “Mra. John Wilson, last
week. 4

Many Interesting letters have been
received from Sap. Walter Richard-

son since he arrived in England, tell
ing about his enjoyable trip and en-
joying better health.

Methodist church Services as usual
next Sunday: Sunday school and

Carhartt Overalls.

horse
horse jumping a fence,
Schogls, churches and

HARROY, ONTARIO.

fnates the confusion that

by the Government,

votes n its favor, lif a poll were taken

around for an

_ With Absolute Frankness Fas

Misi B. Bissett {3 again in charge of our show
room and is now ready to receive early orders.

Lane, Sunday, were:

{tarview the Secretary, Arthur Agla.

in a runaway ona day recently, their |Gllgal cemetery.
being frighteiied by ‘another | was Leek, and she 1s gurvived by her

of New Siyles in

'- NM
: THE EOHO IS THE OFFIOIAL PAPER OF THE TOWNSHIP OF OOLOHESTER SOUTH. ;

Mrs. Agnes White, of Amherstburg,

{s the guest of Mrs. Theodore Maron-
tate. ;
The guests at John Fox's, Lovers’
Mr. and Mra.
Arthur Fox and daughter Robena, Mr.
and Mrs. Roscoe Tofflemire and two
children, Mirabel Balkwill, of Arher;
Mr. and Mrs. Cleve Huffman, of Har-
TOW.

Marjorie, Infant daughter of Mrs,
Porter and granddaughter of Andrew
Holton, passed away Friday of Inst
week following a short illness with
{ntestinal trouble. The remains were
taken to Detroit on Saturday for In-

day when he appeared on Monday,
Guenot 1s still in Hotel Dieu and the
case will be remanded from time to
time until he fully recovers.

It is time for all those who are in-
tending to join the Harrow Fair to in-

The prize lists, which are now out,
have been revised and added to, mak-
ing them right up to the minute. Ev-
ery indication points to a bigger Fair
than ever. Get your exhibits ready
and swell the list of entries to the
overflowing point.

Among the additional subscribers to
the Navy League, who have been en-
rolled as members, are: W. G. Bald-
win, $2; A, B. Herring, $56; Forest
Adams, $2: Mrs. Stanley Balley, $2;
| Clarence Chirk, $2; John Knapp, $2;
Mr. and Mrs, W. M&Cormick, $3. There
are also two junior members proudly
wearing buttons, Chad. Bell, jr, 26c.,
and Gordon Grant, 26c.

Mrg, “Arthur Coates pagsed away af

were conducted and interment was in
Her malden name

husband, one brother,” Simon Peter

business |e 9
placenthave reverted to the old time, Leek, and several sisters.

which Is a decided reiljet as it sin door sports-in the surrounding town-
existed [ships 18 measuring the height of Dela-
where oie 5chn of the community |ware corn, which if it doesd't soon
Fematiie oyal to Eamtern Standard (stop growing, the ears will be out of
or old time, while the other adopted |reach.. George Tofflemire, on the Geo. fi
the daylight saving Gime inaugurated | Cornwall “farm,

It 18 a safe guess |clnims the medal.
that the pew time would find Very few qere field of this mammoth’ variety

—One of thé most Interesting out-

Colchester South,
He hns' a nine-

. which averages 13 feet 7 inches In

cordinlly Invited.

bur with nothing doing [convince one that the war is the one

Showing

hion Seems
For Every New Mode in

DELIGHTFUL HATS

fushionable In the more elaborate models.

Opening Date

A

r . 3 ; : " y #8 2 a ., «
to Have Made This Store Her Headquarters

for Milinry, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 21

PALMOLIVE

This is the greatest Soap om the market to-day. -

Everywhere you go you will find Palmolive Soap. For the face and hands
«{ |» unexcelled. We have the large cake at 15 cents, 2 cakes for 25 cents;
and the small overseas cake the soldlers’ use—5 cents a cake .

Whenever you want a toilet sonp think of the drug store, because we
have got the best of goods at the right price,
Jergin's Miss Dainty Soap..
Pure Castile SOAP.......cioiiviinrivnens on
Rose, Vlioldt, Transparent Glycerine Soaps..........

Nyuls’ Shampoo Soap for Dandruff,

i
i
k of FRESH STAPLE and FANCY GROCERIES in
i Town, you must patronize the

‘iHome of Good Eats’’
Our stock of Fruit Jars, Zinc Rings; Rubbers, &c.,

is complete.

“Home of Good Eats” W.S.T.B.
> . HARROW Phoned F. H FEPRISS
Canada Food Board License Number 8—8345. » :
S———— - — A. ? 4
TEESE X

"HARROW LUMBER YARD. 3

Po
1

Wao have always on hand for sale—Lumber, Shingles, Lath,
Lime, Beaver Board, Cement, Coal, Seaman-Kent Polished Floor
ing of all kinds ot Hardwood. - al St

We manufacture Storm Windows, Storm Doors, Sash, and all
kinds of Moulding required in building a house. .

Wo do all kinds of Carpenter Work and Contracting, and
be plesay to. give an estimate or price on any kind of work, largo
or small. gS . ;

HARGOW,

————

C.F. SMITH, -

while be had to keep open an hour
: . blg outstanding question in the.whole
Inter ig assests hia customers— alent to-day, ‘wftecting all homes from
towhah ty. of whom were from the |¢he highest to the lowest, it is amply
elit ati natead of having an hour supplied by the numerous seryleq |s
olen) ght for gardening or what-|daga seen. displayed In the windows
oy. LE really. lost-an hour aor the homes on every road In all
rapidly a oa Wi o © doy Erowing |parts. The war has reached out with.
a ” orter, a little, light 18 out discrimination and taken its toll.
Bi the evening it is lost In the | These flags tell mutely a story it 18
§ when electric Mghta have to | impossible to put into words or paint
on tarned ‘on to get breakfast unless|as a picture—a’ story of mothgr’s
DAD. oan _alord to rise at will. -Day- [nightly vigils for the boy who may
a paving was certainly ‘only a|pever comeiome. or if coming, wound:
edningless phrase in this community.|ad {n body or morals, The people

Boop Ft bb bb bide dod 4 have given generously and unselfishly
| of thelr best and bravest ih the inter-

i COLCHESTER SOUTH : $ ests of the Empire. Some may have

{ + |hesitated when the path of duty seem-
ticulars. Fb adit bbb bbb ebb bb - ’ :
D. Barron, of Amherstburg, has tak-| Miss Efe Deslippe is” visiting With ol 10 gid to Sich hovyible bain, but

sfesfesfesfeofesferfests | an over the Falls-Barron business on | friends in the city. rit AR Rs riage]

During the storm on Wednesday
night of last week, W. R. Boy€t's tent
that he used for a garage, and E. F.
Dirby's camping tent at Colchester
ware blown over. Fortunately no
damage was done.

The Labor Day enterprise of the
bréthren of Harow Lodge, No. 309, L
0.0.F., rowarded them by returning
tie handsome sum of $250.48 net.
This was about 100% on their net in-

vestment, and that's good business.

Word has been received here that
Licut. Andrew Wilson, son of John
Wilson, had been wounded and is In
a hospital in Lindon, England. A later
cablegram sent by himself states his
wounds aro slight, but fio further par-

EW GENERAL STORE

Phone 87

HARROW'S N

Our Fall stock 1s arriving dally and we have a fine Fesortment of Swoeatar
Coats, Overcoals, Caps and Rain COats—Just what you ji pe wanting 1 Ul

o&
near future. : Give us a call before buying.  AVe are always willing to show
our goods” whether you buy or not We alto have a Tats Stock oF ony

lo

Sheds, both Men's and Doys', from $3.00 to $5.00, that can't be beat. Como
in and’ look thom ayer. We are also lisplaylug several pair for both -yoimy

and old’ far $1.50 and up.

)
our Grogories are stricily fresh and we strive to keop them 50 oy. ol bi
Ing In small quantities and ordering often. p Von

Falrful's Purity Bread fresh every day. Try a loaf—{1's . Nhe.
Orders taken and’ promptly dalivered.

Egge—38 and ide dozen. =

THEFEARMERS’ STORE:
._A. MICHAEL - HARROW.

We build these Silos of PINE and CEDAR.
THE TWO EVERLASTING TIMBERS. :
You can readily ses by the above prices. that you are getting

the benefit of the Middle Man's prices.
D0 BUSINESS” DIRECT WITH THE MANUEACTURER!

EASY TERMS.

CONKLIN PLANING MILLS -. Kngstl, On

DEALERS IN LUMBER, LATH, LIME, SHINGLES, & CEDAR POSTS

Al

TE

I

oe

Ed

4

%

¥

; - +
. 1, ’ +
Material for ROOF will not exceed $15.00, :
EY

I

:

Joeloele

5 Ladies’ Watch {n Fortune Cas, .vvvrvrns Er LT Vera . «$14.00 Tuesaday wiih Mrs, Ivan Bondy.

vel Laden Naten in Cashier Caso $17.00 Private W. Moore and Orin Watters —OF

_ i7-fewel Ladies’ Watch In Cahier Cuse........onnnnecesrts greg? 0 - :
: Farm Stock, Implements, &ec.,

7-jewel Gent's
7jewol Gent's
15-jewel Gent's Walch in Fortune Case. .

Pore Marquette points and is erecting | Miss Margaret Craig
an elevator 24x24 at this station. C.|Mrs. Godfrey Pigeon,
F. Smith {5 supplying the materfal and | Cou
tho work [8 being Tushed. through to the Bayli8 Drain report:

have it ready for the fall trade. Mra. Arthur Fox, of Arner,,spen

Special Prices!

rs ——

85.50 to $8.00 ABT : A ul

.$12.00 to $16.00
$15.00 to $18.00

teh, complete... ....
atch in Fortune Case..

I meets next Monday to read

{s Rvisiting | art being played by our own boys in
world

cannot but make hearts bowed with

the fight for freedom of the

t gorrow and dread, glow with pride.

Canada Food Board Liconse Number 8—20805. Care 1

Foboofesfortesforfeoioofoofeofroferteotoafeoforfosfortesfuntecfednfertetofocfosfoctrofrofoofeolifediniolly

. © KINGSYVILLE.. AvctioN SALE

os ToS, WIL, DS BE, TAG Ac
5 a, one
a-haif miles Soutn of Lukerville, almad

17.jowel Gent's Watch {0 FOrtune Case. .....oeeessessssiee .
: y Jeweler and. Optician
a > shop, Monday.
A. G. TAYLOR, = HARROW, - ONT arms wero nearly cooked and he will |, '
: be Idid up for ‘some time as a result fold: f Blsck Mare,
‘ o years old, due Jan!

Collone Corset

Fall. Orde:

) have a shipment of Fancy Ha
Before-the-war prices, * 7 : “
‘Saucers of all kinds—in fact dishes of 4}
yo RE a

nd. Painted:

taken by phone,

$987 for the construction of am open
ditch along the 6th Concession road
16 4th con-
cosalon. The cost Is spread over 6|{, the hip on Septem!

opposite lots 6, 7, 8, in the

of the accident. ’ ears old, due
1° Vears ofa; 1 Heifer,
due timo” .

years, has received

and the annual payment a1.

% | Tho South-

Townline drain was 8180 | r."V: was hold dE

initiated by Colchester North, and |

3 Fall Goods are In now. Prepare for the il :
cold Or taoE by buying NOW and save 26 per cent. LS) or alt at my. : Mrs, John orth, and i
~~ Men's, Women’s and Children’s Wool ‘and Fleece X
Lined at last year's prices. We, also have a nice showing :
“of caps at the old price. a ; Fon tenth
> Guaranteed by Sterling 4s
x nt of Women's Shoes he Ho,
