  

Ale o
oliege
Moo
ny
OtXs,

Alo of
Cor,
owt or
Jouth

 

    
  
 

Forte deeded edb rede ede fedederfede bred ef ede SEE RE

|

|

     
       
   

L SUPPLY

 

 
  

  
  
   
 
  
  

NOTICE

 

~ +10 CENTS

 

yourself 50 per cent. increase.

 

Cut Rate Grocer and Fruitier

   
   
  
   

   
 

:

 

 

 

 

 

Ra i | ‘PELEE ISLA
Nn a old :
& - Economize on bacon an ofe + po i
& ham. Se +
+ Eat mot 3 hai and ons
i bread. : : .

24, 7 |
3 Slow down on beef ana oH
ya Fl
of. Eat more oggs; drink milk Jef
os When you - $1 i

$ :
: Patronize the filshman fre- l
ix Tony:

35% Jo Jad

Cultivate an appetife for all
fresh vegetables.

3

f Stady . the possibilities of
rice, J Rp 3
3 fs CL ‘
] Add something made of corn:

sieofesiesforfoesefssfasiachacs

meal to every menu.

$3
Do not ne that one of the

most virjle of races thrives on
oatmeal,

     
   
   

 
 
 
 

f ¥ den...
vor Leamington
Arr Kingsville

Leaves Kingsville

$33
These do 3% our soldiers and!

i 3 Kingaville
allles may have food. / Leaves Wingayhie

 

h NT Re 3
endment to the| ~~ Suter o.

A far-reaching a
Military phd that covers every | Arrives Leamington
Wan througlhont n,, und

+ Kingsville
the : ; Dock
20, oribe

  

FREE

EE ————

police officials just what position they ithe prostrating ‘headaches, the wenk-
+{ One, that he had complied with: the

A viow In the hardwood forests In (ho Algonquin Park

 
 

QWING to the seriousness of the fuel situation
at the present time, the Government of Ontario
would urge upon all the farmers or others who may
have wood Tots, to assist at. this time by making
provision for their fuel supply from such lots. »

J The Government would also draw the attention
of the various Municipalities throughout the Province
to the necessity of taking some Municipal actiqn to
secure fuel supply. To this end the Government
has decided to issue to any Municipality in Ontario
a permit to cut fire wood in Algonquin Park or from
other Crown Lands free of charge. For particulars
as to localities, conditions of cutting, etc., apply to

: 1st, and who {8 unable to produce

[dress without notifying the Registrar

\ J
G. H. FERGUSON,
Minister of Lends, Forests agd Mines,
Parliament Buildings, Toronto.

 

|| #earch for absentees or deserters, if
%{|lieve that such men are being harbored

|| corpus is also to.be forféited by any

Friend fede

 

 

 

Smoking Tobaccos

We are still selling all Smoking Fobaccos
at the old price. Ten cent goods .are yet

0 2 2 2 2 a A

oe,
0

ONO

ge

SPECIALS FOR NEXT WEE.

Siftings Japan Tea, perlb.............. 0 ,---29c
100 Boxés Chmfort Soap, “at per box............

This is the Old Price. When the new rate comes in it
A will be 2 for 25c. Buy -now.and save

esfefeofefestefertoferteferie lot

sarforforforteiererfesiertesfesiortorie

Think of it! That's ‘What Asmar’s store stands for.

   
 
   
   
    
  

Phone 204 Bruce Block  AMHERSTBUR

  
  
   
   
       

 

ND ROUTE 2

|spondent,” whe will act mn the capac- iM. 'S.” A. showed ,what an alarming

  
     
    
  
 
  
    
   
  
  
  
   
  
  
  
 
 
 

|| orizod dealers fn ench correspondent’s

 

BLE”

SUMMER TIME TABLE, 1917

“Taking Effect May 12th
Saye Saving

MONDAY, ESDAY ani

Leaves ava Dock... .

]
“ehzunoay
"R00 am,
BNO a.m.
i [TW
Lo 10.45 0.
i 845 pum.
445 pm,
{ 0 am.
: 5 am.
10.00 am,
10.40 &m.|

Leamington
FR

    
   
 
 
 

 
  
   
 

 
  

Setegoesfeforfosorforfefefoirfodertodlods .. Scudder Dock, ¥
2 West Dok, Peles,
: ; Arrives Biase
lsen's Dock
Leaves Nel to Dock

moat. economy” is

 

 

 

 

ALL MEN TO CARRY earns] A NERVOUS BREAKDOWN

Broad Amendment to the M. S.A. Can be Averted by Feeding ‘the
Comes Into Effect on June fst. | Starved Nerve With Rich,

Red Blcod.

    
   
    
    

 
  

 

A somewhat drastic amendment has
been made to the Military Service Act
which puts upon all men, whether in
Class One or not, the responsibility of
carrying papers which will show the

  
     
   
 

1 BE

|” Nourish your nerves—that sp the
only way you can overcome life's
worst misery, nesvous exhanstion.
The fits of depression and {ir {tarfon,

 
  

occupy with regard to the M. S. A,
the amendment to come into effect on
June 1st. In the past, the Dominion
Police have had the authority to stop
any man whom they saw fit and make
him present papers to show that he
was not in Class One, or if in Class

ness and trembling of. the legs, the
upttendy hand and the imperfoer (Ii
gestion that mark the victim Jf nerve
weakness, must epd in nervous brenk-
down {if neglected.

Nourish your nerves by ti6 natural
process of filling your veins wirh rieh,
red, ° health-giving blood, Your |,
nerves are crylng out for pure blood }

 

proclamation of October last, but ft
was only Class One'men that could be and the milssfon ‘of Dr. \Witlam=']
held ns defaulters or absentees. Now, Pink Pills is to make new, rich

ficcording to the amendment, any man blood, This explains why these pills
whom the police gee fit to stop after | ve proved successful in 9 muny

cases of nervous diseos) that did not
yield to ordinary tveatmen:, For
example, Wilfrid Donald, Was! ¥lum-
boro, Ont., says. —“Befora [ begin ihe
use of Dr. Willlams' Pluk P13 | was
in a serfous coidition. 1 wis no: ae ty
badly run down, but my nervy reem-
ed to be completely saatrercd, 1
slept bady at night, and when ~ git
up in the morning was as tired ag
when 1. went to bed. I seemed 0 -be
on the verge of a nervous breakdawn.
At this stage I began the use of Dr.
Williams’ Pink Pills. In the course of
a few weeks I felt much relief, and
continuing the use of the pills they
completely restored "my health. I
can now slegp soundly, eat well and
am enjoying complete freedom ‘from
the old nervous troubfes.”

You can get Dr. Williams Pink
Pills. through any dealer in medicine,
or by mail at 50 cents a box or six
boxes for $2.50 from The Dr, Wil-
liams' Medicine Co,, Brockville, Ont,

6 BOCHES PER YARD
ON WESTERN FRONT;
150 FOE DIVISIONS

 
  
  
  

   
   
  

   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
    
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  

 

RAPID PROGRESS
ON OJIBWAY DOCK

 

papers showing that he has complied
with the military regulations, or that
he is a married man, or is over the
safe of 34, can be placed under arrest
#nd be treated as a defaulter under
the Military Service Act The re-
#ponsibility is placed directly upon the
individual to be able to show the po-
Jice at any time just where he stands,
and if he does not prepare himself to
dio this he stands in danger of being
treated as a defaulter. ‘The identifica-
gion papers for men not in Clags One
nuust be a marriage certificate or a
birth certificate, and the man Who
cannot produce either of these may
be put directly into the army, for
whatever service his physical condi-
tion enables him: to perform. In ad-
dition he places himself liable to a
fine of $50, or imvrisonment for one
month, or both. Further, the stiff pen-
alty of a $500 fine or imprisonment
for six months, or both, has been pro-
vided for any man who carries false
certificates.
Must Leave Trail Behind;

A third possible fine has been laid

down for men who change thelr ad-

   
  

 
  
 
    
  

 

  

Big 2,000 Feet Slip Is Partially Exca-
vated.

Progress that {8 fairly rapid {s re-
ported in connection with the import-
ant development by the Great Lakes
Dredging Co,, In construction of
docks for the Canadian Steel Corpor-
ation in Ojibway,

Partial excavation hus been made
for the big 2,000 feet slip, running
In from the river to the present road
where the. street car ruas to Amherst-
burg.

Two large excavators, two pile-
drivers and a steam shovel are at
work, while ebout 160 hands are em,
ployed on the $2,000,000 contract.

At ‘present there aro about eight
thousand huge piles on the ground
or driven into the ground.. These im-
mensge timbers come from the ex-
tremes of the North American c¢on-
tinent. One lot conslats of stripped fir
trees that come from British Colum:
bia, while the other piles are long
leaf yellow pine, coming from the
state of Alabama. The Bgitish Colum-
bin fir Is the supérior timber.

Operations on the dock started last
fall and may be completed by the time
navigation cldses in the fore part of
December, but is largely a question
of transportation.

 
 
       
     
       
       
    
       
           
        
   
     
     
   
  

     
   
      
    
  
  
  
    
      
 

 

   
  
   
   
 

Stupendous Concentration of German
Troops From the North Sea
tc the Oise is Reported
From Paris.

Paris, May 16th.—There are six Ger-

of their particular district. The man
who does not furnish his new address
If opught, may be fined $100 or three
months in gaol, or both. Further
cliunges in the M, S, A. give to any

   
 

     
  

: y > mans to the yard on the greater part — ~~
un comin ssioned oiicer the lof the Franco-Belglan front from the | UNITED STATES CROP FORE
right lo break into any premises in North Sea to the Olse, according to

 

CASTS.

 

 

 
 

the Gaulofs, which baseg the state
ment on the information it reports
having reached the general vtafl that
i50 German divisions are situated in
this area.

Men of these divisions, It is stated,

they have reasonable grounds to be- A thousand million bushels of

wheat for 1918—this {8 the objective
of the Unite States, which bids faér
to reach the enormous yield aimed
at. The: May crop report on RI
are in the region between Nieuport wheat forecasts n production of 572,
and Ypres. Forty divisions are be-|539,999 bushels, The spring wheat
tween Ypres and La Bosse Canal and Secretary Houston said there was

        
    

on the premises, The right of habeas

  
      

man arrested under the Military Ser-
wice Aet, which means that he may be
mwetained in custody,,without ball, until
auch time as his case has been dis.
mosed of by the courts,

     
 

edembrcfeelerfeodeeieriesdeob denies desdeofeodeofeferteobfreforfosfefnfents feof foeferforfoofef ere

   
 

  
   
   
    
  
   

Corn Planters

"AND

Cultivators.

We have a few Planters °
Come In and leave
your order before they are
You will need
one before the season is

 
 
   
 
 

left.

    
 

all gone.

    
   
 

Our shop Is stocked with
Corn Cultivators of all
Plows, “Harrows,
everything
needed In the cultivation
of corn.
over.

 
 

kinds,
Discs,

  

   
  

<

A
Cockshutt Headquarters.

    
  

All Acknowledge that Cocksh

: utt Farming Machinery
is the best and cheapest fo

r it lasts the longest.

 

Full line of Brant-
ford Carriages, Ad-
ams Wagons, Farm
Truck 2,000 pound
Scales, Washing Ma-
chinés, Repairs, Etc.
in stock.

 

We are Agents for George E. White & Sons
Tractors and Threshing Machinery.

B.D. PLANT,

 

Cockshutt Agency

Richmond St. Amherstburg

Be EEE SE

[2
0

  

 

100 divisions from La Basse canal to |every reason to anticipate increased
the Olse, On this basis, It is estim.|farm yields over the record produc-
ated, says the newspuper, that the |tion of last year. He added, how-
German strength from Ypres to the |ever, the promise did not warrant re-
Ofse is some six men to the yard, ex-|laxed efforts for greater production
cept on the northern part of the front, | and conservation and called upon the
above Ypres, where the estimate fs a | people to lend the farmers tie assist.
third of that’ number, ance needod-at harvest time.

Ee A Realization of n winter wheat crop
REGISTRATION COST as large as that forecast would make

MUCH UNDER MILLION | is year's harvest the third largest
ever gathered. The estimate, is 12,-
Remuneration Fixed, But Registrars [500,000 bpehels more than forecasted

and Deputies Asked to fn April, and 154,400,000 bushels more
Volunteer. than last summer.

ton sr te = On the conditions until harvest
The remuneration granted to. theif, Lu depend whether the crop
provincial or district superintendents will De larger or smaller than’ this
In charge of the national registration forecast based on conditions May lat.
to be taken next month has been fixe | pe crop has made excellent progress
at $8 per day for the time that they in dll principal areas.
are win engaged In the pork, he Efforts have been ,made to stimu-
registrars for each const tuency who Inte THA Er
production of spring wheat and
Bre being salocloa by jj Thgloirarion reports Indicate an fncrease In acre.
in i i 0 rece ve $6 ner age which mey be sufficient to bring
aay. re TSE AE myer the total production this year well
to appoint deputy feglitrars er 1° [toward the billionbushel mark. No
different, polling sections, and these official report has been made on the
deputy registrars are entitled to $4 per y

acreage of spring wheat, but the first |
day. All registrars and deputy regis- ly 5
trars have been {nvited to give thefr | RNOUNcement will be made in June.

services free, and many have agreed Debora Injials the seed planted has
to do so. In' hundreds of cases the Rye production will be -a record
deputy registrars will be women who the forecast of the crop being 82 620,
have volunteered for the work. The 00 hed
000 bushels, or 22,000,000 more than
total cost of the registration will, it last year. i
Is expected, be kept very considerably 4 Sa
below the ‘million-doller mark. REGULATIONS’ FOR

REGRETS DEPARTURE EATING PLACES

OF FARMERS ONS oes Following the annduncement by the

Cannde~Food Board that on aud after

Following the numerous meetings [June Ian Forgot ay REAR oper.
> oi
pike, muijigt, etc, will be marketed a that were held in the rural centres ee pe Bans the Board
what the 11 by agriculturists for the purpose of 2 Sth Ae a
Zy will bring, nas now issued regulations which will
The prifce fixed for Ontario Is stated | #ending deputations to Ottawa, pro- govern such licenses.
to be (rom, three to five cents lower [t88tINE Against the: removal. of far- |Z Licenses are required Ly avery hos
than the prigy tentdtively get for the | Mers’ sons under the new- draft sys- tel, boarding-ouse cafetarin, club,
sile of Sh ijn the west under plang | tM, Judge Coulter, of St.. Thomas, dining-car, steamship, ‘ea 3 creams
being made lyy (he federal plan pro. | commented ai follows: “In some re. stand, and avery other place what-
viding for Bilving a percentage to the | 8Pect the. farmers’ sons are to blame. (L ,  where mils: or refreshments,
“producer”—i 0 individual who sup- |1t 18 at wellknown fact that a great 10 the number of twenty-four or more
plies OXIDE ‘and icing, etc. and fin.|MADY of these young men showed a er diem, are served to persons other
ances fisherfinan and to the wholesal- | predilection for coming to the city be- frembers of the tarily or house-
er. Under tha gyuram adopted by Mr |fore the war, and the first year or hold of the proprietor
Macdlarmid the” “producer” and thé | tWo afterward. There were so many The ie Myths governing public
wholesaler 4 eliminated, with the |8ttractions.in the city, that could not x

——— frre

FIX THE PRICE OF
GOVERNMENT FISH

  
  
   
 
   
 
 
   
   
  
   
  
   

 

[Trout, Whitefish and Pickerel at 15c;
| Herring 10c at Present.

 

Ontario Government trout, whitefish
amd pickerel are to be sold through-
®ut Ontario this summer at 15 cents
pound, with a reduction of a cent
: pound in ports‘ of entry for the fish-
enmen, and places where no express
must be paid.

Tlie price was definitely fixed at a
conffirence held by Hon, Finlay” Mac-
diarnnfd with S, L. Squires, director
of diistribution. ~ Hereafter every fish
mercihafit fn Ontario, who is given the
rightt to handle Government fish mudt
sell tthe fish named at the set prices.
The merchants who attempts to col-
lect: a higher price from a customer
Will at once Idee the right to handle
thie fish. The Department, howevar,
I8 ‘allowing the merchant to rake “a
chinrge not exceeding two vents per
P@und for “extra service." This means
thint if a customer wishes the fish
cleaned, delivered, or wants only a
ollt, ‘the merchant may ask har to pay
the, extra charge. ’

Herring at 10 Cents.

Tie price for herring hag been set
at Ih cents a pound at points of ship-
Ment and 11 cents elsewhere, It fs
pointed gut however, that this is not
4 /Selsingble price. Later on, when
the herring start running, the price
will prolyably be lowered, Sturgeon
will be 841d for the senson at 30 cents
per pOulid. Coamser- fish, such as

 

 

 

 

  
   
  

 

   
  

  
 

 

    
   

  
  

  
    
   
   
   
  
 

   

WHILE THEY LAST
Automobile Tires and Tubes
SIZE 34 X 4 $10.00

These tires: are in good condition
‘and will give you a lot of wear

Come in’ and SEE them TO-DAY.

J THE UP-TO-DATE TIRE REPAIR SHOP

' ROBERT B. McMORROW, Manager

    
          
           
   
 
 
  
  
  

  

    

 

   

FINE WATCH REPAIRING

WATCHES
CLOCKS
JEWELRY

SILVERWARE
DIAMONDS
CUT GLASS

 
 

   

 

  
 
    
   
   
  

    
      
   
    
  
  
  
       
  

ent laces licenses prohibit busin

rosult that the fighermen will be.pata/|be found on the farms. They come as with ta whe have

more than thd fighermen in the west, ]into the citles, strong rugged sons not complied with the license require-

and the COfsumer will ght his fish [OF the solleand open air, and thoy ments of the Canada Food Board The

much cheapg,, 2 entered into dark, poorly ventilated same general rules appligable (5 other

Western Ontario. factories and shopsybreathing an at- licensees will apply also td, persons’

Ontario, Wiest of Toronto, will get {mosphere that was” totally unsuited holding public eating place license:

large Proporiion of its fish by direct|10 them. The résult was that in For “licensing purposes public eatin

delivery, * T% make this possible. tha/| DRY ‘cases their health was: under- places are divided into three classes,
Department p,q rented some thirty | mined and they lost their vigor. The .

a i with license fees as follows:
districts, each in charge of a “corre. | 1ate - Medical examinations under the Class A—Holels, Clubs, Toarding-|}

Houses,
Annual * Annual
‘Turnover. Feo,
$25,000 or less...,...... Wioais vo MS
More than $26,000 and up to i

  
  
   
  
    
    
   
   
  
 
 
   
  
   

number of young men physically un-
fit there are in the country.

“It is a matter of the greatest fm-
pottance that not only must the pro-
ductive forces, of the country be

Ity of & SBucial representative of the
department of hg fisheries. The auth-

       
     
    
    
    
   
    
  
   
  
  
  
    
 
   
     
   
      
   
   
  
   
 
  

 
   
     
  
     
    
    
  
  
 

district Will gand thes orders, to him
and he wili arfange for direct ship-

    
 

 

     
  
   
   
 
   
 

! DER Ye Bo 4
| ments, tak looked after, but there first of all, $5 %
fe’ port agit Loe fier men at fiiouia "a: epstom or dione hy un wr ene
enough fish from day'to day tol) the | 290Pted that would. enlighten these | J MN ordinance to |
orders ProWised, The cofrespondent |OUR men to the dangers they mn $100, 000 ’ gl i
will be In Gongtant tonoh with the ‘de- in leaving the old farm. Long before hO00 ns kv vide iy arenas

    
  
 

   

partment apd “wil the war J. J. Hill once remarked on

weekly calihes, the kinds tak hls very matter that as things were
the destinaiion of it. -By adopting | 8910 the country was rapidly coming
district 8Yslam the minister has sim. {12 8 sthte of starvation: What must
pdified the problenr of delivury, since | It be like now, with so many men gone
each distrig; gg supplied directly and overseas, many never {o return.”

quickly {rolii the most conventent fish- - VS on
ME Port. The Temdor WHAT ARE VOU PLANTING?

district will be in charge of Charles | wn are ting 1
Finlay, stationed at Port ‘Stanley. - | den or your ain Sl

Most of tiie hig supply of fish from | plantin i . a
Jof. g luxu| or those | articles | sips serving meal or rofveshments|f@
Lake Nipigin and Lake Nipissing will | vital to the food’ supplies of The’ COLE: to the number of 24 per diem: | ;

report as to the turnover in excess of $100,000 the fees |

will bs increased by $3 for every ad-
ditional $50,000 or fraction therdof of
annual turnover. ‘The latter ‘will be
computed on the basis of sales of food
and food. products and beverages sold ||
for consumption therewith. - ;
Class B—Restaurants, lunch.rooms

      

   

    
 

     
    

    

 

 

    
    
    
   
    

 
   

  
  

railway dining ‘cars, and all steam:

    
  
  
   

 
   

Yo distribuied n Toronto and points , Every inch of ground, every Annual . J Annual! |
{ we vaya Ws ounce of energy, every hour of time| Turnover. : Feo. |]

: a | !n garden or field, ought to be made | $50,000 or Tous.
MILK IN THE HOG RATION. am, you know, and to count ef-|

ote (tn, hw Td tam |
ou p 2 Ww] arro | . d 3 «LL k
Canada this year as a result of the fon ta rowing potatoes, co
ampaign for increased ton; 1t § yigp]

Il be necessary a to ut-

in,

  

  

 

   
  
   
 

   
   
   

   
 

$60,000 and up. to

 

    

ith an
other | very additional.

ereof of annual /
Bich; | Class C—Pariors

   

on

    
   
   
  
  
 
    
  
   
   
  
     
  
    
       

  
  
   
   
 
  
    
  
   
  
    
  
  
 
  
   
 
  
  
   
  
   
  
     
  
  
   
    

«TO BUY

JEWELRY and

SILVERWARE

Let Me Help You

 

1 not only have a magnificent

variety of JEWELRY, \VATCHES,
CLOCKS, ‘SILVERWARE of every
“dexeripfion’ for home and® per--
sonal use, as well as CUT GLASS
——and other
suftable for Fifts=—~MY PRICES
are exceedingly moderate.

Halsey Park {

Joweler and Optician
Hadley Black «= Amherstburg

excellont articles

 
  

      
   
  

 

r= |
3

Our 1918 showing is
complete in all lines. Lov
ly cut out borders, Th
finest lines Vi

 
 
 
  
  
    

  
  
   
  
 
   
   
  
    
   
  
  
    
  
 
  
 
  
 
 
 

 

and counters, cafeterias, tea ‘rooms, [==

  

we ever

 
 
